Anton (or Antonius) Maria Schyrleus (also Schyrl, Schyrle) of Rheita (1604–1660) ((in Czech) Antonín Maria Šírek z Reity) was an astronomer and optician. He developed several inverting and erecting eyepieces, and was the maker of Kepler’s telescope. "Things appear more alive with the binocular telescope," he wrote, "doubly as exact so to speak, as well as large and bright."[1] His binocular telescope is the precursor to our binoculars.
Zvi Zamir (Hebrew: צבי זמיר‎) born Zvicka Zarzevsky (born 1925) was a major general in the Israel Defense Forces and the Director of the Mossad from 1968 to 1974. Born in Poland, Zamir immigrated with his family to the then British Mandate of Palestine when only seven months old. At the age of 18 Zamir began his military career, first as a soldier in the Haganah's Palmach, a unit that included future Israeli leaders among the likes of Moshe Dayan and Yitzhak Rabin. During the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, Zamir fought in the newly created Israel Defense Forces. After the war he continued climbing the chain of command, eventually promoted to the Commander of the Southern Command. His final IDF post before being appointed Mossad Director came in 1966 when he was appointed the military attaché to London.
Texas A&M hired Kennedy in May 2011 after Mark Turgeon left for the Maryland head coaching job. Kennedy previously coached at A&M from 1990-91. Kennedy stated at the press conference that A&M is his destination job and he plans to retire there. He was given the honors of SEC Men's Basketball Coach of the Year in 2016.
Philip Johnson architectural drawings, 1943-1994 (bulk 1943-1970).Held by the Department of Drawings & Archives, Avery Architectural & Fine Arts Library, Columbia University.
AVCO Embassy Pictures, the film's financial backer, preferred either Charles Bronson or Tommy Lee Jones to play the role of Snake Plissken to Carpenter's choice of Kurt Russell, who was trying to overcome the "lightweight" screen image conveyed by his roles in several Disney comedies. Carpenter refused to cast Bronson on the grounds that he was too old, and because he worried that he could lose directorial control over the picture with an experienced actor. At the time, Russell described his character as "a mercenary, and his style of fighting is a combination of Bruce Lee, The Exterminator, and Darth Vader, with Eastwood's vocal-ness." All that matters to Snake, according to the actor, is "the next 60 seconds. Living for exactly that next minute is all there is." Russell used a rigorous diet and exercise program in order to develop a lean and muscular build. He also endeavored to stay in character between takes and throughout the shooting, as he welcomed the opportunity to get away from the Disney comedies he had done previously. He did find it necessary to remove the eyepatch between takes, as wearing it constantly seriously affected his depth perception.
Ilex mucronata, formerly the type species of Nemopanthus, is native to eastern North America. Nemopanthus was treated as a separate genus with eight species. of the family Aquifoliaceae, now transferred to Ilex on molecular data; it is closely related to Ilex amelanchier.
Orner, along with actress Cate Blanchett, was one of only two Australians nominated for an Oscar in 2008. Most commentators predicted that Michael Moore's Sicko would win the Best Documentary category. However, to the surprise of many, Orner's Taxi to the Dark Side, which examines US torture practices in Afghanistan, Iraq and Guantanamo Bay, received the award.
The Berliner Joyce design, a conventional biplane of mixed metal and fabric construction with staggered wings and the pilot and observer seated in tandem in open cockpits, first flew in May 1931. By that time the rival XOK-1 was already destroyed in a crash. Following trials that lasted into 1932, BuAer awarded Berliner-Joyce a contract.
Inspired by his tempestuous relationships with his wives Anna Gordy and Janis Hunter, Gaye added more of a personal depth in the songs he recorded for the album.
All 14 tracks were written and produced by Woodruff, one of which features vocal by reggae singer Half Pint and one of which features vocals from Woodruff's close friend, T.J. O'Neill. Woodruff cowrote five of the tracks with O'Neill; the two had spent time traveling abroad together in Indonesia, Australia, Fiji, Thailand, and New Zealand starting in 2010, finding mutual inspiration for songwriting.
President Jimmy Carter's commutation of her federal sentence to the 22 months served freed Hearst eight months before she would have had a parole hearing. The 1979 release was under stringent conditions and she remained on probation for the state sentence on the surplus store plea. President Ronald Reagan reportedly gave serious consideration to pardoning Hearst. She recovered full rights when President Bill Clinton granted her a pardon on January 20, 2001, his last day in office.
EuropaCorp has international rights to the film, which will be released through EuropaCorp's new distribution company RED (Relativity EuropaCorp Distribution). STXfilms will distribute it in the United States.
In addition to "Dream Warriors," the single contained the songs "Back for the Attack", a previously unreleased track, and "Paris Is Burning," from the album Breaking the Chains.
Two months after her release from prison, Hearst wed Bernard Lee Shaw (1945–2013), a policeman whom she had met when he was part of a dozens-strong private security detail protecting her on bail. The marriage lasted until his death in 2013. They had two children, Gillian and Lydia Hearst-Shaw. Hearst became prominent on the East Coast society and charitable fundraising scene, and was particularly involved with a foundation helping children suffering from AIDS.
(B) securing freedom of choice in a marketless, moneyless and stateless ‘scarcity–society’ which has not yet achieved universal autarky (self-sufficiency).
It is a member of the common stonechat superspecies, but it is distinct, together with its closest relative the Madagascan stonechat S. sibilla being insular derivatives of the African stonechat. Its ancestors probably diverged from the sub-Saharan African lineage as it spread across the continent some 2-2.5 mya during the Late Pliocene.
In 2013, Tom Hamilton also began playing with Joe Russo, Dave Dreiwitz, Marco Benevento and Scott Metzger in a Grateful Dead tribute band called Joe Russo's Almost Dead.
Inclusive Democracy (ID) is a project that aims for direct democracy; economic democracy in a stateless, moneyless and marketless economy; self-management (democracy in the social realm); and ecological democracy.
At the beginning of 1987, Kent Music Report was renamed as the Australian Music Report, it was used by major record companies in preference to ARIA's own charts. Kent continued production of his music reports until 1996 and sold off his interests in the Australian Music Report which continued to the end of 1998 when changes in technology, such as barcoding, enabled point-of-sale information to be sent directly to ARIA. This meant that he could no longer compile reliable sales information.
By the 1990s, he had formed the "Tim Reynolds Three" or TR3, and had added other influences to his repertoire; music from Nine Inch Nails, Bob Marley and Marilyn Manson. In addition, he continued to learn to play other instruments, including the sitar, sarod, the mandello, keytar, tubular bells and other "exotic" instruments that are not commonly seen in Western rock artists of the rock and roll musicians of the time.
In June 2000, writer Tamar Lewin of The New York Times wrote "Growing Up, Growing Apart", a lengthy feature highlighting how an ethnically diverse trio struggled to maintain friendships and cope with teen life at Columbia. The story trailed Aqeelah Mateen, an African-American Muslim, Kelly Regan, an Irish Catholic, and Johanna Perez-Fox, a Puerto Rican Jew; the group quickly became ambassadors for the school, and for their respective ethnic groups. The article wasn't controversial, per se, but directed national attention to the school district and to Columbia specifically.
In 2003-04, Shealy was one of the political consultants hired by Thomas Ravenel of Charleston in his unsuccessful multimillion-dollar run in the Republican primary for U.S. Senate.
At Fox, he was second-billed in the pirate film A High Wind in Jamaica (1965), supporting Anthony Quinn. He had a cameo in The Loved One (1965).
In Val-de-Bussy of Marne-la-Vallée, Bussy-Saint-Georges is from 1985 the leading and main support of the built-up area, as a real and independent new town (French: Ville nouvelle) with a unique status of local and new town. The others towns decided to be organized around a common agglomeration system of new towns.
Since Minnesota state parks and trails are authorized by the state legislature, some trails have been established in state statute, yet no usable mileage has been constructed.
In October 2013, Business Insider reported that Page's paralyzed vocal cords are caused by an autoimmune disease called Hashimoto's thyroiditis, and prevented him from undertaking Google quarterly earnings conference calls for an indefinite period.
Setareki Tawake (born 1 March 1969 in Kavala, Kadavu) is a retired Fijian rugby union player, who was capped for Fiji on 31 occasions. He played as Openside flanker or Number 8. He played in two Rugby World Cups. He was also a soldier
The age distribution of the population (as of 2000) is children and teenagers (0–19 years old) make up 21% of the population, while adults (20–64 years old) make up 61% and seniors (over 64 years old) make up 18%.
Dissatisfied with other documentaries made on the subject, she produced a special for the Travel Channel titled Secrets of San Simeon with Patricia Hearst, in which she took viewers inside her grandfather's mansion Hearst Castle, providing unprecedented access to the property.
Cyberpunk pioneer William Gibson credits the film as an influence on his novel Neuromancer. "I was intrigued by the exchange in one of the opening scenes where the Warden says to Snake 'You flew the Gullfire over Leningrad, didn't you?' It turns out to be just a throwaway line, but for a moment it worked like the best SF where a casual reference can imply a lot." Popular videogame director Hideo Kojima has referred to the movie frequently as an influence on his work, in particular the Metal Gear series. Solid Snake is partially influenced by Snake Plissken. In Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty Snake actually uses the alias "Pliskin" to hide his real identity during most of the game. J. J. Abrams, producer of the 2008 film Cloverfield, mentioned that a scene in his film, which shows the head of the Statue of Liberty crashing into a New York street, was inspired by the poster for Escape from New York. Empire magazine ranked Snake Plissken #29 in their "The 100 Greatest Movie Characters" poll.
By 1919, 30,000 women across the state officially belonged to local suffrage associations. They joined the MWSA, the NWP, and other organizations. Their numbers and continued activities convinced lawmakers to act. In 1919, the Minnesota legislature recognized women's right to vote in presidential elections. The same year, the legislature ratified the Nineteenth Amendment. However, the amendment did not take effect until 1920, when it was ratified by two-thirds the required of the states.
Ivan Lopez, from Mexico, was originally scheduled to face Crisanto Pitpitunge, from the Philippines, in a featured flyweight bout but Crisanto pulled from the fight due to an injury. Jessie Rafols, also from the Philippines, was chosen as his replacement.
In 2007, Shealy represented SC Rep. Henry Brown, Jr. in his 1st District Race and SC State Senator Dick Elliot in his Senate Campaign for the 2008 elections.
In the early 1980s, he evolved his psychedelic rock style into a more electronic music-oriented sound. The "Secret Sinema" and "Flame Over Philadelphia" singles, which were released in 1980 and 1985 respectively, became college radio hits. In 1984, Clark released Into The Vision, which featured appearances from Allen Ravenstine of Pere Ubu and Cheetah Chrome of The Dead Boys, as well as the Beat Generation author William S. Burroughs. During this time, he immersed himself more deeply into his Native American heritage, adopting the middle name "Tamanend", which is what his grandfather called him as a child. In between 1986 and 1999, he stopped releasing new material and devoted his time to his children, although he continued to compose music and perform at occasional concerts.
The church was built in the middle of the 12th century, and is the only remaining medieval round church in the Diocese of Skara. It derives its shape from originally being built to serve several different purposes; apart from a place of worship, it also served a defensive purpose, i.e. it was a fortified church. The church has been altered successively throughout the centuries. The church porch is not original though it may date from the Middle Ages. The large wooden spire was built in 1666, and a burial chapel for the Spens family was built in 1660. The burial chapel has served as the sacristy since 1810. Among the furnishings, the baptismal font is the oldest and dates from the 13th century. The altarpiece was donated to the church in 1748, while the pulpit was made in 1709. The church has two church bells, the larger of them was made in 1526. The vaults supporting the church ceiling were probably built at the end of the Middle Ages.
According to Fotopoulos, "the allocation of economic resources is made first, on the basis of the citizens' collective decisions, as expressed through the community and confederal plans, and second, on the basis of the citizens' individual choices, as expressed through a voucher system".
Todd Tamanend Clark (born Todd Clark; August 10, 1952) is an American poet, composer, multi-instrumentalist, cultural historian, author, artist, and activist. He is known for "his musical blend of Native American heritage, glam fashion consciousness, cyberpunk attitude, and often skeptical, always opinionated lyrical approach to scientific and sociological subjects."
In 1968, Marvin Gaye went to New York to record a series of ballads with arranger Bobby Scott, as Gaye continued his attempts to become a successful pop crooner. Sessions ended abruptly, however, when Gaye felt the recordings were too poor for his liking. Disappointed, he stopped pursuing a career as a crooner, while recording pop hits for Motown. In 1977, two years after buying his own studio, and shortly after reworking the live album, Live at the London Palladium, Gaye began to return to finishing up work on his shelved ballads project.
It was one thing to build a glass cathedral in California, and another to build a corporate headquarters skyscraper in the center of Manhattan, the showcase of modern architecture. Shortly after the Crystal Cathedral, working in collaboration with John Burgee, he completed one of his most recognizable buildings, the AT&T building (later named the Sony Building, and now 550 Madison Avenue. Built between 1978 and 1982, a skyscraper with an eight-story high arched entry and a split pediment at the top which resembled an enormous piece of 18th-century Chippendale furniture. It was not the first work of Postmodern architecture- Robert Venturi and Frank Gehry had already built smaller scale postmodern buildings, and Michael Graves had completed the Portland Building in Portland Oregon (1980–82) two years before the AT&T Building; and most of the building was in a traditional modernist style; but because of its Manhattan location and size it became the most famous example of postmodern architecture.
He was also the publisher of the fetish magazine AtomAge, which featured many of his clothing designs. It had two sister publications, The Rubberist and Dressing For Pleasure, both of which are now published by Dave Watson of G&M Fashions.
He then moved to Damascus where he studied for about 10 years under many Islamic scholars such as Shaykh Abd al-Fattah Abu Ghudda, Imam Muhammad Zahid al-Kawthari, Dr. Nur al-Din `Itr, Shaykh Adib Kallas, Shaykh Wahbi al-Ghawji, Shaykh Muhammad al-Yaqoubi, Dr. Samer al-Nass, Dr. Wahba Zuhayli, Shaykh Abd al-Hadi Kharsa, Shaykh Muhammad Muti al-Hafiz, Shaykh Bassam al-Hamzawi and Shaykh Munir al-Hayek. He began is studies of hadith with Imam al-Dhahabi’s Siyar a`lam al-nubala. During his time in Damascus, Haddad continued to meet Shaykh Muhammad Nazim al-Haqqani at his home in Cyprus as well as in Damascus. In Mecca, he studied under Shaykh Dr. Muhammad Alawi al-Maliki. In Morocco he studied under Sidi Mustafa Bassir and in Beirut, he studied under Shaykh Husayn Usayran, the last of the close students of Qadi Shaykh Yusuf al-Nabhani.
An inscription recovered in Rome documents the cursus honorum of Sabucius. His earliest recorded offices were administrative posts following the praetorship. Next was his service as a juridicus in Roman Britain c. 172-175, which was followed by the prefecture of the aerarium militare c. 176-179. Birley dates his next offices, governorship of Gallia Belgica to c. 180-183, and proconsul of Achaea to 184/185.
1st place in Freedom of the Press, Best Local Non-Staff Column, Best Investigative/In-depth Story or Series, Best News Feature Story, Best Spot News Story, Best Special Section or Campaign (Advertising), Best Editorial Writing, Best-In-House Promotion, Best Illustration, Best Information Graphic, Best Non-staff story, Editorial of the Year, Best Online Writing in 2013, Nevada Press Association
ICF medalists for Olympic and World Championships – Part 1: flatwater (now sprint): 1936–2007 at WebCite (archived 2009-01-21). Additional archives: Wayback Machine (archived 2010-01-05).
The founder of the Estonian Cricket Association (ECA) is Barry Jason, who holds the world record for the most countries played in by one person, 128 in total. Estonians who have recently made the grade as international players include Andres Burget, Glebs Bihanovs, Andrus Kämbre, and Kristjan Kogerman.
In 2011, she participated at the Reinas Paraguayas del Bicentenario 2011 contest, it was held in Asuncion, on 23 June 2011. At the end of the night Riquelme was crowned as the new Miss Universo Paraguay giving her the right to represent Paraguay at the Miss Universe held in São Paulo, Brazil.
Bussy-Saint-Georges has a strong power of attraction on young dynamic families who wish to live in a comfortable environment where the quality of life has been mixed with an intelligent urbanization and a large set of services for the population. 50% of the Buxangeorgiens are less than 30 years old.
During the 1990s, following the demise of the Global Wrestling Federation, Hart and Chris Adams were involved in many Texas-based wrestling promotions, including an ill-fated attempt to revive World Class (billed as World Class II: The Next Generation) at the Dallas Sportatorium. Hart retired in 1999, but made a surprise return in Major League Wrestling (MLW), during the promotion's Reloaded Tour on January 9–10, 2004. Hart appeared following the main event (on January 9) pitting Low Ki against Homicide, where the three laid out several wrestlers from the locker room, as well MLW president Court Bauer.
In 1982, one of his paintings was reproduced in the form of a UNICEF stamp. His paintings are housed in many museums such as the Art Museum of the Americas in Washington, D.C., at the Ponce Museum of Art in Puerto Rico, at the Museum of Latin American Art in Long Beach, the Chicago Art Institute and the José Luis Cuevas Museum in Mexico City.
Following the Seagram Building He built several smaller projects in a more personal, expressive style, with ornament touches and features far from the sobriety of the modernist style; the Synagogue of Port Chester New York, with a plaster vaulted ceiling and narrow colored windows (1954–56); the Art Gallery of the University of Nebraska with an array of symmetrical arcs (1963); (the Roofless Church in New Harmony, Indiana with a mushroom-shaped roof covered with wood shingles (1960). In 1960 he also built a severely modernist monastery building for in the expansion of St. Anselm's Abbey in Washington, D.C..
In 1967 Johnson entered a new phase of his career, founding a partnership with architect John Burgee. Johnson and Burgee won commissions for a series of new skyscrapers. including the IDS Center in Minneapolis (1973), and the two matching towers, facing each other like bookends, of Pennzoil Place in Houston, Texas. The two towers of Pennzoil Place have sloping roofs covering the top seven floors and are trapezoidal in form, created to leave two large triangual aras on the site, which are occupied with glass-covered lobbies designed like greenhouses. This idea was widely copied in skyscrapers in other cities.
Obreption is a term used in Roman, Canon and Scots Law. The word Obreption has been described in on-line dictionaries with many meanings other than Canon law. The term obreption is still used in heraldry in Scotland.
The noble monkey warrior is much loved for his humility and wisdom, along with his unlimited strength and power. He is seen as the epitome of selfless devotion as he never took a wife for no other could replace his love for Rama and Sita. When asked to accompany the divine couple to the next world he refused to go as he wished to live in this one for as long as Rama-Sita's names were praised here by man.
Columbia High School was the first school in the nation to observe Earth Day, on April 17, 1970. Due to the fact that Columbia was on spring break on April 22, when Earth Day was scheduled for national observance, the presentation was known as Earth Day Minus Five and a specially prepared flag was run up the main flagpole. The all-day observance, which was coordinated by biology teacher Jeffrey Himmelstein, began with Congressman Joseph Minish as the keynote speaker; several noted scientists from the area conducted seminars. Featured was an assembly with films and slide shows that were created by several students and environmentally themed folk songs were sung.
In October 2006, a beta-version of RISC OS Six was made available for download by subscribers to the Select scheme. RISC OS Six represents the next generation of RISCOS Ltd's stream of the operating system. Significant portability, stability and internal structure improvements, including full 26/32-bit neutrality, have laid the foundations for the company's future releases, all of which will be based on version 6. The first product to be based on RISC OS Six will be Select Edition 4. RISC OS Six is 32-bit-neutral and can be built to run in either 26-bit or 32-bit modes. It runs on the Risc PC and A9home, but it doesn't run on newer-generation hardware such as the Iyonix PC and ARMini, which do not support the 26-bit addressing used on the older Acorn computers and require specific hardware support for the newer ARMv5 and ARMv7 architecture chips that they use.
In 1988, following a 400% increase in crime, the United States government has turned Manhattan into a giant maximum-security prison. A 50-foot (15 m) containment wall surrounds the island and routes out of Manhattan have been dismantled or mined, while armed helicopters patrol the rivers, and all prisoners there are sentenced to life, with no means of leaving.
During this period of time Columbia gained increasing fame for its academic excellence. Educators generally considered it to be one of the most outstanding high schools in the United States. Much of that reputation was due to Henry W. Foster, Superintendent from 1900 to 1927, and John H. Bosshart, Principal from 1920 to 1927. Bosshart succeeded Foster as Superintendent, and later served as the first head of the New Jersey Department of Education.
In 2007, Scottish actor Gerard Butler was close to signing a deal in which he would play Snake Plissken in a remake of Carpenter's film. Neal Moritz was to produce and Ken Nolan was to write the screenplay which would combine an original story for Plissken with the story from the 1981 film, although Carpenter hinted that the film might be a prequel.
Otospermophilus is a genus of ground squirrels in the family Sciuridae, containing three species. Otospermophilus was formerly placed in the large ground squirrel genus Spermophilus, as a subgenus or species group. Since DNA sequencing of the cytochrome b gene has shown Spermophilus to be paraphyletic to the prairie dogs and marmots, it is now separated, along with six other genera.
In 2007, Reynolds and fellow professional skateboarders, Jim Greco and Erik Ellington, established Bakerboys Distribution, a company that distributes seven brands, some of which are owned by past and current Baker riders:
Since 1985, Bussy-Saint-Georges has been integrated in the perimeter of the new town plan of Marne-la-Vallée and received a total of 180.50 hectares as additional territories coming from the nearest towns (Bussy-Saint-Martin, Collégien, Ferrières).
Coburn also appeared in dozens of television roles including, with Roberts, several episodes of NBC's Bonanza. Coburn appeared twice each on two other NBC westerns Tales of Wells Fargo with Dale Robertson, one episode in the role of Butch Cassidy, and The Restless Gun with John Payne in "The Pawn" and "The Way Back", the latter segment alongside Bonanza's Dan Blocker.
Glycerol-3-phosphate gets converted back to dihydroxyacetone phosphate by an inner membrane-bound mitochondrial glycerol-3-phosphate dehydrogenase 2 (GPDH-M), this time reducing one molecule of enzyme-bound flavin adenine dinucleotide (FAD) to FADH2. FADH2 then reduces coenzyme Q (ubiquinone to ubiquinol) which enters into oxidative phosphorylation. This reaction is irreversible.
Reynolds and Matthews performed on a 2008 album called Songs for Tibet, an initiative to support Tibet, Dalai Lama Tenzin Gyatso and to underline the human rights violations allegedlly committed against Tibet by China. On 4 October 2009 Reynolds performed with Matthews in St. Louis, Missouri to support Farm Aid in 2009.
Bailey's closing defense statement was "But simple application of the rules, I think, will yield one decent result, and, that is, there is not anything close to proof beyond a reasonable doubt that Patty Hearst wanted to be a bank robber. What you know, and you know in your hearts to be true is beyond dispute. There was talk about her dying, and she wanted to survive."
The following list contains members of Estonia's squad for the ICC European T20 Division 3 Championship and ICC European T20 Division 2 Championship:
Sohail was at the heart of the match-fixing scandal that rocked cricket in the 1990s: as captain of the national team, his whistle-blowing may have negatively affected his international career.
The cochoas (from cocho, Nepali for Cochoa purpurea) are medium-sized frugivorous, insectivorous and molluscivorous birds in the genus Cochoa. Their bright contrasting plumage patterns, sexual dimorphism and feeding habits made their systematic position difficult to ascertain in early times, Richard Bowdler Sharpe placed them with the Prionopidae in 1879 while many considered them as some kind of aberrant thrush. The genus was previously included in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae but molecular phylogenetic studies have shown that it is more closely related to the thrush family Turdidae.
The next morning, Ike and five of his henchman go to Tombstone to face off against the Earps at the O.K. Corral. Holliday, who is sick from tuberculosis, joins them. Though Virgil and Morgan are wounded in the gunfight, all six in Clanton's gang are killed, including Billy, who is given a chance to surrender but refuses. After the fight is over, Wyatt joins Holliday for a final drink before heading off to California to meet Laura, as promised.
Amalya Lyle Kearse (born 1937, class of 1955), judge; first female African American partner in a Wall Street law firm, first female United States Court of Appeals judge.
Page also believed that the faster Google’s search engine returned answers, the more it would be used. He fretted over milliseconds and pushed his engineers—from those who developed algorithms to those who built data centers—to think about lag times. He also pushed for keeping Google’s home page famously sparse in its design because it would help the search results load faster.
It is separated from the "mainland" of Skye by a small sound called An Doirneil. It is not far from Claigan. The island doubles in size at low tide, and is really two islands connected by a thin isthmus. It is due south of Isay.
With the onset of the Industrial Revolution in the late 18th century and the concomitant development of precision engineering and component standardisation, locks and keys were manufactured with increasing complexity and sophistication.
An aggressive batsman, Sohail's first appeared for the national team in a 1990 one-day International against Sri Lanka and enjoyed a successful international career. He was an important member of the team that won the 1992 Cricket World Cup in Australia and New Zealand.
On 11 July 2012, after failing to make a single appearance for Real's first team, Carvajal signed a five-year contract with Germany's Bayer 04 Leverkusen for a transfer fee of €5 million. The Spaniards added on a buy-back clause in the region of €6.5 million if they wanted to re-sign the player after one season, €7 million after two and approximately €8.5 million after three.
In each era of construction, the chosen design was seen as controversial. The D-Wing, the most recent and most obvious addition to the School, boasts a dramatic modernist design typical of the late-1960s and early 1970s. The clash between this new (and already out-of-fashion) style and the original architecture of the A-Wing is especially visible from Parker Avenue.
Locksmithing is a traditional trade, and in most countries requires completion of an apprenticeship. The level of formal education required varies from country to country, from a simple training certificate awarded by an employer, to a full diploma from an engineering college. Locksmiths may be commercial (working out of a storefront), mobile (working out of a vehicle), institutional, or investigational (forensic locksmiths). They may specialize in one aspect of the skill, such as an automotive lock specialist, a master key system specialist or a safe technician. Many also act as security consultants, but not all security consultants have the skills and knowledge of a locksmith.
In 2000, there were 322 workers who commuted into the municipality and 487 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.5 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 7.7% used public transportation to get to work, and 65.1% used a private car.
Several units added to the Minnesota state park system over the years have since been redesignated or transferred to other agencies, including the system's very first unit, Camp Release State Memorial Wayside, created in 1889. In most cases these decisions were due to the unit being too small for a state park with little chance of expansion, or largely local use rather than attracting visitors from all over the state and beyond. Four of these units were redesignated as state waysides and are listed above. The other former units were:
2-Aminothiazole is a heterocyclic amine featuring an thiazole core. It can also be considered a cyclic isothiourea. It possesses an odor similar to pyridine and is soluble in water, alcohols and diethyl ether. It is commonly used as a starting point for the synthesis of many compounds including sulfur drugs, biocides, fungicides, dyes and chemical reaction accelerators. 2-Aminothiazole can be used as a thyroid inhibitor in the treatment of hyperthyroidism and has antibacterial activity. Alternatively, its acid tartrate salt can be used. Recent studies using prion-infected neuroblastoma cell lines have suggested that aminothiazole may be used as a therapeutic drug for prion diseases.
A crucial issue with respect to democracy in the social realm is democratisation of the household. One possible solution is the removal of the divide between the household and the public realm. Thus, some feminist writers, particularly eco-feminists, glorify the oikos and its values as a substitute for the polis and its politics. This can be understood as an attempt to dissolve the public into the private. At the other extreme, some Marxist feminists attempt to remove the public/private divide by dissolving all private space into a singular public, a socialised or fraternal state sphere. Another possible solution is, taking for granted that the household belongs to the private realm, to 'democratise' it in the sense that household relationships should take on the characteristics of democratic relationships, and that the household should take a form which is consistent with the freedom of all its members.
Recording sessions for the album started in 1977 at Marvin's recording studio. Some of the songs were constantly reworked by Gaye until he was satisfied with what he had recorded. "Why Did I Choose You" was recorded twice, as was "I Wish I Didn't Love You So", "I Won't Cry Anymore" and "The Shadow of Your Smile". Other songs Gaye recorded were songs of his own compositions including "Stranger in My Life", "Walkin' in the Rain" and "Just Like".
Page focused on the problem of finding out which web pages link to a given page, considering the number and nature of such backlinks as valuable information for that page—the role of citations in academic publishing would also become pertinent for the research. Sergey Brin, a fellow Stanford PhD student, would soon join Page's research project, nicknamed "BackRub." Together, the pair authored a research paper titled "The Anatomy of a Large-Scale Hypertextual Web Search Engine", which became one of the most downloaded scientific documents in the history of the Internet at the time.
On September 18, 1975, Hearst was arrested in a San Francisco apartment with Wendy Yoshimura, another SLA member, by San Francisco Police Inspector Timothy F. Casey and FBI Special Agent Thomas J. Padden. While being booked into jail, she listed her occupation as "Urban Guerilla" and asked her attorney to relay the following message: "Tell everybody that I'm smiling, that I feel free and strong and I send my greetings and love to all the sisters and brothers out there."
On September 15, 2015, Gallitelli was appointed Head of Anti-Doping Bureau. The chairman of CONI Giovanni Malagò said, "This is a person of great credibility, reference and curriculum".
The event was the second professional Mixed Martial Arts fight night to take place in Bahrain, after Desert Force 11 in March 7, 2014, but the first one involving a Bahrain-based promotion. The card was officially announced in the promotion's launching press conference, on July 27, 2016.
Page also helped to set up Singularity University, a transhumanist think-tank. Google is one of the institution's corporate founders and still funds scholarships at Singularity University.
According to Hearst's later testimony, she was in a closet blindfolded with her hands tied for a week, during which time DeFreeze repeatedly threatened her with death. She was let out for meals and, blindfolded, began to join in the political discussions; she was given a flashlight and SLA political tracts to learn. After she had been confined in the closet for weeks, "DeFreeze told me that the war council had decided or was thinking about killing me or me staying with them, and that I better start thinking about that as a possibility." Hearst said "I accommodated my thoughts to coincide with theirs". Asked for her decision, Hearst said she wanted to stay and fight with the SLA, and the blindfold was removed, allowing her to see her captors for the first time. After this she was given lessons on her duties, especially weapons drills, every day. Angela Atwood told Hearst that the others thought she should know what sexual freedom was like in the unit; she was then raped by William "Willie" Wolfe, and later by DeFreeze.
Danielle Colby was born in Davenport, Iowa, and brought up as a Jehovah’s Witness. By 2004, she was married with two children. Colby's television career eventually led to the breakup of her marriage. In May 2012, she told WQAD-TV that "fame and notoriety are not easy for him to deal with at all, so the relationship ended up not working out".
Dispensations or graces are not granted unless there be some motive for requesting them, and the law of the Church requires that the true and just causes that lie behind the motive be stated in every prayer for such dispensation or grace.
Coburn attended Los Angeles City College, where he studied acting alongside Jeff Corey and Stella Adler, and later made his stage debut at the La Jolla Playhouse in Herman Melville's Billy Budd.
According to ID supporters, democracy in the social realm should be a decisive step in the creation of the sufficient condition for a harmonious nature-society relationship, as the phasing out of patriarchal relations in the household and hierarchical relations in general should create a new ethos of non-domination which would engulf both nature and society.
It was Wyatt's younger brother, Morgan, not James (Wyatt's older brother), who was ambushed and murdered in Tombstone. This occurred after the O.K. Corral gunfight, not before. Virgil Earp was also ambushed in Tombstone after the O.K. corral fight. He survived the attack, but was left with a permanently disabled arm.
Another of his five sons, Sachem Orenda Clark (born February 21, 1988), has his own solo career as a multi-instrumentalist and also plays guitar on some of his father's albums.
Despite some improvement in key design since, the majority of locks today are still variants of the designs invented by Bramah, Chubb and Yale. Each locks combination is determined by the off-set of two small wheel-like apparatus. The change in position of the wheels on top of each other creates a unique combination for the lock.
While living with her family in Chicago, she attended a burlesque performance starring comedian Margaret Cho and dancer Satan's Angel. This prompted in her a desire to become a burlesque dancer; and, after she moved back with her family to the Quad Cities area of Iowa, she created the professional burlesque troupe Burlesque Le Moustache, with nine performers, including Colby herself under the stage name Dannie Diesel, touring eastern Iowa and western Illinois. As of October 2014, Colby owned a burlesque academy called Dannie Diesel's Bump 'n' Grind Academy in the Rogers Park neighborhood of Chicago.
Tawake played both 7's and 15's. He studied at Nasinu Secondary School and he represented them in both 7's and 15's rugby. He made his international debut in 15's against Samoa on 20 June 1992 in Suva.
During the 1936–37 season, Wright played 28 times for Aldershot as they finished bottom of the Football League. However, a fee of £2,500 saw him move to Derby County for the following season, where he played 25 times.
Christians have identified a wealth of symbolism in its form. The sharpness of the leaves help to recall the crown of thorns worn by Jesus; the red berries serve as a reminder of the drops of blood that were shed for salvation; and the shape of the leaves, which resemble flames, can serve to reveal God's burning love for His people. Combined with the fact that holly maintains its bright colors during the Christmas season, it naturally came to be associated with the Christian holiday.
As with the case of direct democracy, economic democracy today is only feasible at the level of the confederated demoi. It involves the ownership and control of the means of production by the demos. This is radically different from the two main forms of concentration of economic power : capitalist and 'socialist' growth economy. It is also different from the various types of collectivist capitalism, such as workers' control and milder versions suggested by post-Keynesian social democrats. The demos, therefore, becomes the authentic unit of economic life.
Inaugural Eddie Scott/Bertha Woodard Human Rights Advocacy Award for "Fatal Encounters," "On Paper" and "When Hate Comes to Town" in 2015, The NAACP Reno-Sparks Branch No. 1112
In 1946, after he completed his military service, Johnson returned to the Museum of Modern Art as a curator and writer. At the same time, he began working to establish his architectural practice. He built a small house, in th style of Mies, in Saaponack, Long Island in 1946. This was followed by one of this most famous buildings, which he built for himself; the Glass House in New Canaan, Connecticut, completed in 1949, which has become a landmark of modern architecture.
The origins of the OJ stemmed from a 1929 Bureau of Aeronautics (BuAer) requirement calling for an observation ﬂoatplane intended for service aboard Omaha class light cruisers, readily convertible to wheels or ﬂoats and light enough to operate from the cruiser-type catapult. Prototypes were ordered from Keystone-Loening (then a subsidiary of Curtiss-Wright), Berliner-Joyce and Vought, and designated as the XOK-1, XOJ-1 and XO4U-1 respectively.
The crash site of American Airlines Flight 191 is located along the road as Higgins Road, just south of the road and north of O'Hare International Airport.
1st place in General Excellence, Freedom of Information, Best Website, Editorial Cartoon, Writing in 2008, California Newspaper Publishers Association
Stick Figure was founded in 2006 as a one-man band by multi-instrumentalist, songwriter, and producer Scott Woodruff. Woodruff, originally from Duxbury, Massachusetts, began playing instruments at the age of 17, and was primarily drawn to reggae . His style of layering tracks to create songs was particularly inspired by Keller Williams who utilized a looping method to create music.
Page announced a major management restructure in October 2014 so that he would no longer need to be responsible for day-to-day product-related decision making. In a memo, Page said that Google's core businesses would be able to progress in a typical manner, while he could focus on the next generation of ambitious projects, including Google X initiatives; access and energy, including Google Fiber; smart-home automation through Nest Labs; and biotechnology innovations under Calico. Page maintained that he would continue as the unofficial "chief product officer." Subsequent to the announcement, the executives in charge of Google's core products reported to then Google Senior Vice President Sundar Pichai, who reported directly to Page.
The Religion of India: The Sociology of Hinduism and Buddhism is a book on the sociology of religion written by Max Weber, a German economist and sociologist of the early twentieth century. The original edition was in German under the title Hinduismus und Buddhismus and published in 1916. An English translation was made in 1958 and several editions have been released since then.
The very recognizable acoustic bass line that opens the song is occasionally played as organ music at some baseball stadiums, such as Nationals Park.
Columbia's varsity football team has been notably unsuccessful in recent years, winning only two games over a span of five seasons, including three consecutive winless seasons from 2005–2007, but broke their 45-game losing streak with a 48−0 victory over Dickinson High School in the last game of the 2008 season. In 2009, The team finished 8−1 in the regular season, but lost to Westfield High School 41−6 in the first round of playoffs.
In 2014, 350 people contributed to an outdoor sculpture at Tacoma Art Museum. The towers she made were cast in bronze and she posted a micro-website with stories behind each blanket. Watt listens to her material and pulls from a deep sense of community and narrative to create works with history. Her works are both figurative and abstract.
Political democracy presupposes a radical decentralisation (physical or administrative) within a confederal society, which, by itself, should enhance its environmentally friendly character. Furthermore, political democracy would create a public space, a fact which would significantly reduce the appeal of materialism by providing a new meaning of life to fill the existential void that the present consumer society creates. Economic democracy replaces the dynamics of the capitalist market economy leading to growth per se with a new social dynamic aiming at the satisfaction of demos' needs. If the satisfaction of demotic needs does not depend, as at present, on the continuous expansion of production to cover the 'needs' that the market system itself creates and if society is reintegrated with the economy, then there is no reason why the present instrumentalist view of nature will continue conditioning human behaviour. Particularly so, since unlike socialist models which are 'centralist', the aim of production in an Inclusive Democracy is not economic growth, but the satisfaction of the basic needs of the community and those non-basic needs for which members of the community express a desire and are willing to work extra for. This implies a new definition of economic efficiency, based not on narrow techno-economic criteria of input minimisation/output maximisation as in socialist models like Parecon, but on criteria securing full coverage of the democratically defined basic needs of all citizens as well as of the non-basic needs they decide to meet, even if this involves a certain amount of inefficiency according to the orthodox economics criteria.
On 7 October, 1915, curlers gathered in Slater and Finlayson's store to discuss prospects for the formation of a second curling club in Regina. It was agreed that a second club would not only prove beneficial in the interests of curling in the city, but the additional rink would provide better accommodation for the Provincial Bonspiel. The Club was officially established on the day of October 14, 1915 when it was given the name of The Caledonian Curling Club of Regina. C. J. Watson, who had chaired the meetings, was named the first president of the club.
Leo Romero left the Baker team in April 2009, and his departure led to a great amount of discussion among skateboarders and fans. Romero was awarded Thrasher magazine's "Skateboarder of the Year" trophy in 2010.
The soundtrack for Truck Turner was composed by Isaac Hayes. Although many regard it as Shaft's equal in composition, the soundtrack never managed to reach the mass popularity of the Shaft soundtrack, mainly due to the financial decline of Stax Records and was originally released on a double record album on vinyl which are mostly found in the "bargain bins". However, in 1993, it was released in a double-CD album alongside Hayes' other lesser-known soundtrack for the movie Three Tough Guys and again released on its own CD in 2002. Some of the music score was used by filmmaker Quentin Tarantino in the Kill Bill series.
Bilton is a village in Northumberland, in England. It is situated near the River Aln, a short distance inland from the North Sea coast, close to Alnmouth. Alnwick is the nearest town.
Most artificial market proponents reject the traditional socialist adoption of the labour theory of value as they believe it cannot be used as the basis for allocating scarce resources. The reason given is that even if the labour theory of value can give a (partial) indication of availability of resources, it certainly cannot be used as a means to express consumers’ preferences. Thus they feel that the labour theory of value cannot serve as the basis for an allocative system that aims at both meeting needs and, at the same time, securing consumer sovereignty and freedom of choice. Instead, the model proposed here is, in fact, a system of rationing, which is based on the revealed consumers’ preferences on the one hand, and resource availability on the other.
James Earp was the older brother of Wyatt and never involved in the law enforcement side of the family. He was present in Tombstone but worked as a bartender. Warren Earp was the youngest brother of the Earp brothers and bounced between Tombstone and California during 1880-82.
The close of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th brought significant changes in high school curriculum and school management. The Board of Education had by now replaced the old Board of Trustees. In 1890, "manual training" was offered in school. By 1891, sciences had been added to the course of study. A tradition of excellence was beginning to evolve, and in 1892 two Columbia graduates were admitted to Cornell University. Musical enrichment was added in 1894 with the hiring of a singing teacher from New York City. Early in the 1900s the value of athletics was recognized and encouraged at Columbia by the organization of boys' and girls' teams. The student council was formed in 1912, and The Columbian student newspaper followed in 1915.
Kafru Bavakeh (Persian: كفروباوكه‎, also Romanized as Kafrū Bāvakeh; also known as Kafrū Bābākīyeh-e Şayyādī) is a village in Posht Tang Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 119, in 21 families.
The school was the 96th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in New Jersey Monthly magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 47th in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 75th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 89th in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was also ranked 79th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state. Schooldigger.com ranked the school 150th out of 381 public high schools statewide in its 2011 rankings (an increase of 29 positions from the 2010 ranking) which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the mathematics (82.5%) and language arts literacy (94.6%) components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
In 2012, the News & Review received a grant from the Sierra Health Foundation to help fund stories throughout California about the state's low rates of participation in CalFresh, colloquially known as food stamps.
The actual gunfight took place in a vacant lot behind the O.K. corral, next to a photography studio, not in the corral itself. It was not an "event by appointment", as the prearrangement between Billy and Wyatt the night before depicts in the movie. It evolved the morning of the fight as the Earps responded to the chaos and threats raised by Ike Clanton after drinking himself into a rage the entire night before.
The earliest known lock and key device was discovered in the ruins of Nineveh, the capital of ancient Assyria. Locks such as this were later developed into the Egyptian wooden pin lock, which consisted of a bolt, door fixture, and key. When the key was inserted, pins within the fixture were lifted out of drilled holes within the bolt, allowing it to move. When the key was removed, the pins fell part-way into the bolt, preventing movement.
He was killed in a helicopter which was shot down by Armenian forces near the Karakend village of Khojavend district in Nagorno-Karabakh, Azerbaijan. There were no survivors of the crash.
The citizen body is advised by experts but it is the citizen body which functions as the ultimate decision-taker . Authority can be delegated to a segment of the citizen body to carry out specific duties, for example to serve as members of popular courts, or of regional and confederal councils. Such delegation is made, in principle, by lot, on a rotation basis, and is always recallable by the citizen body. Delegates to regional and confederal bodies should have specific mandates.
Leytron has an area, as of 2009, of 26.9 square kilometers (10.4 sq mi). Of this area, 7.27 km2 (2.81 sq mi) or 27.1% is used for agricultural purposes, while 8.09 km2 (3.12 sq mi) or 30.1% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 1.68 km2 (0.65 sq mi) or 6.3% is settled (buildings or roads), 0.15 km2 (37 acres) or 0.6% is either rivers or lakes and 9.73 km2 (3.76 sq mi) or 36.2% is unproductive land.
The third disc continues with more early examples of early reggae, stretching into the early 1970s. Freddie Notes & the Rudies sing a version of Bobby Loom's hit, "Montego Bay". Also featured is Greyhound's version of "Black and White", originally composed by David Arkin and Earl Robinson, which later supplied a major hit for Three Dog Night. Several pre-fame songs recorded Bob Marley and Peter Tosh with the Wailers are included on disc 3, which were produced by Lee "Scratch" Perry. Tosh sings the lead vocal on "400 Years" and Marley on "Duppy Conqueror", "Small Axe", "African Herbsman".
Following the release of Dave Matthews first solo album, Some Devil, Matthews brought together many of the albums' collaborators and embarked on a small winter 2003/2004 U.S. tour. The group consisted of Trey Anastasio (of Phish) on guitar, Brady Blade on drums, Tony Hall on bass, Ray Paczkowski on keys, and Reynolds on guitar. Each show opened with a small acoustic Matthews and Reynolds set, and then followed with the full band set with Reynolds performing on electric guitar. Most of Some Devil was played live that tour, along with a wide variety of covers, including, by Reynolds' request, Peter Gabriel's hit "Solsbury Hill".
In this shuttle, the enzyme called cytoplasmic glycerol-3-phosphate dehydrogenase 1 (GPDH-C) converts dihydroxyacetone phosphate (2) to glycerol 3-phosphate (1) by oxidizing one molecule of NADH to NAD+ as in the following reaction:
As an art collector Johnson's eclectic eye supported avant-garde movements and young artists often before they became widely known. His collection of American art was strong in Abstract expressionism, Pop Art, Minimalism, Neo-Dada, Color Field, Lyrical Abstraction, and Neo-Expressionism and he often donated important works from his collection to institutions like MoMA, and other important private museums and University collections like the Norton Simon Museum, the Sheldon Museum of Art and the Iris & B. Gerald Cantor Center for Visual Arts at Stanford University among many others.
The district had only the town of Saganoseki until December 31, 2004. But on January 1, 2005, Saganoseki, along with the town of Notsuharu (from Ōita District), was merged into the expanded city of Ōita, and Kita-Amabe District was dissolved as a result of this merger.
Bussy-Saint-Georges is located in the perimeter of the new city of Marne-la-Vallée as defined by the national government in 1966. But Marne-la-Vallée is just a geographical entity, precisely divided in 4 sectors. The city is in sector 3 of Marne-la-Vallée, also called Val-de-Bussy.
Snake is sent into Manhattan in a stealth glider, landing atop the World Trade Center. He tracks the President's life-monitor bracelet to a vaudeville theater, only to find it on the wrist of an insane old man. He meets "Cabbie," who takes Snake in his armored taxi cab to Harold "Brain" Hellman, an advisor to the Duke and a former associate of Snake's. Brain tells Snake that the Duke plans to unify the gangs in a mass exodus across the heavily guarded Queensboro Bridge, using the President as a human shield and a map Brain has created to avoid the landmines. Snake forces Brain and his girlfriend Maggie to lead him to the Duke's compound at Grand Central Terminal. He finds the President, but is captured by the Duke's men.
Marvel Comics released the one-shot The Adventures of Snake Plissken in January 1997. The story takes place sometime between Escape from New York and before his famous Cleveland escape mentioned in Escape from L.A. Snake has robbed Atlanta's Center for Disease Control of some engineered metaviruses and is looking for buyers in Chicago. Finding himself in a deal that's really a set-up, he makes his getaway and exacts revenge on the buyer for ratting him out to the United States Police Force. In the meantime, a government lab has built a robot called A.T.A.C.S. (Autonomous Tracking And Combat System) that can catch criminals by imprinting their personalities upon its program in order to predict and anticipate a specific criminal's every move. The robot's first test subject is America's public enemy number one, Snake Plissken. After a brief battle, the tide turns when A.T.A.C.S. copies Snake to the point of fully becoming his personality. Now recognizing the government as the enemy, A.T.A.C.S. sides with Snake. Unamused, Snake sucker punches the machine and destroys it. As A.T.A.C.S. shuts down, it can only ask him, "Why?" Snake just walks off answering, "I don't need the competition".
N&R Publications was founded in 2010 as a separate division of the company that produces advertorial publications for nonprofit organizations, government offices and businesses. The publications, which are inserted into all three News & Review papers as well as other newspapers around the country, use a journalistic approach to communicate complicated messages on behalf of the client organization. The custom publications range in topic, and include a breakdown of how to sign up for Covered California, how to protect yourself from mosquitoes, how The Salvation Army operates, and others.
After the structure of the society, Weber analysed the Hindu religious beliefs - ascetism and the Hindu view of the world, the Brahman orthodox doctrines, the rise and fall of Buddhism in India, the Hindu restoration and the evolution of guru.
On February 20, 1975, Hart and wrestlers Austin Idol and Bobby Shane were passengers on a Cessna 182 flown by wrestler Buddy Colt, which crashed into Tampa Bay in Florida, killing Shane.
Byron came through the Academy at Hull City and earned himself a one-year contract in 2006. He spent much of that first year on loan to first Conference North Hinckley United and then League Two Notts County. He did not make any senior appearances for Hull, and was released at the end of the season.
Following a January 2011 announcement, Page officially became the chief executive of Google on April 4, 2011, while Schmidt stepped down to become executive chairman. By this time, Google had over $180 billion market capitalization and more than 24,000 employees.
Max Weinberg (born 1951, class of 1969), drummer for Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band and band leader of The Max Weinberg 7 of Late Night with Conan O'Brien.
Colby owns and operates 4 Miles 2 Memphis, a retro clothing boutique in the Wicker Park area of Chicago, which was opened at this location on January 18, 2013.
Sohail captained Pakistan in six Tests in 1998, becoming the first Pakistani captain to defeat South Africa in a Test Match. He led Pakistan through 22 One Day Internationals from 1996 to 1998, winning nine and averaging 41.5 with the bat. He also acted as acting captain of Pakistan against West Indies in Sharjah.
The girls' track and field team won the New Jersey Group IV indoor relay state championship in 1982, 1983, 1984, 1994, 1996, 1997, 1998, 2004, 2013 and 2014; the 10 state titles are ties for the most won by any girls track program. The boys' track team placed 5th at the Nike Indoor Nationals in the 4x400 meter relay in 2009, making it the best in history for Columbia boys and breaking a school record. In the 2010 outdoor season, both the girls' and boys' teams went to the New Balance Outdoor Nationals, where the girls' team won, making them #1 in the country, and the boys placed 6th.
Ibtihaj Muhammad (born 1985, class of 2003), sabre fencer and member of the United States fencing team, best known for being the first Muslim woman to wear a hijab to compete for the U.S. team at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
In November 2014, Page's family foundation, the Carl Victor Page Memorial Fund, reportedly holding assets in excess of a billion dollars at the end of 2013, gave $15 million to aid the effort against the Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Page wrote on his Google+ page that "My wife and I just donated $15 million....Our hearts go out to everyone affected."
Shealy owned a small chain of South Carolina newspapers including The Beaufort County News, The Lake Murray News, The Cayce-West Columbia News, The Northeast News, North Charleston News, Goose Creek, The Hanahan, and The New Irmo News. He also owned Gatsbees World Fair, an old fashioned soda shop.
In 2007, the News & Review, with the help of a small grant from the Association of Alternative Newsmedia, led 53 alternative weeklies across the country in a joint cover project marking the 10-year anniversary of the Kyoto Accord, the first international attempt to bring world leaders together to combat climate change.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 3.6% and transportation infrastructure made up 1.9%. Out of the forested land, 25.0% of the total land area is heavily forested and 3.8% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 0.4% is used for growing crops and 1.8% is pastures, while 11.0% is used for orchards or vine crops and 13.9% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 12.0% is unproductive vegetation and 24.2% is too rocky for vegetation.
Affluent Romans often kept their valuables in secure locked boxes within their households, and wore the keys as rings on their fingers. The practice had two benefits: It kept the key handy at all times, while signaling that the wearer was wealthy and important enough to have money and jewelry worth securing.
In 1893, the MWSA convinced the Minnesota Senate to take up women's suffrage. President Julia Bullard Nelson worked with Ignatius Donnelly, a Populist state senator. The Populists regularly supported a women's suffrage plank. Nelson herself was a Populist school superintendent candidate in 1894. Nelson and Donnelly initially sought the vote for women in municipal elections. However, the Senate went further. Its members voted to remove the word "male" from the state's voting requirements. The bill passed thirty-two to nineteen. However, this change did not pass the House. That chamber did not have time to take it up before the legislative session ended. Even if it had passed the House, however, the voters of Minnesota would have had to approve it before it became law.
Coburn tried a change of pace, an adaptation of a Tennessee Williams play, Last of the Mobile Hot Shots (1970) directed by Sidney Lumet, but the film was not popular.
In 2002, in cooperation with AlterNet, the News & Review led a national project with more than 30 weeklies nationwide to cover the story of married priests and the Catholic Church reform movement.
The new schoolhouse was a two-story wood structure, topped by a thin steeple and a lofty weather vane. It was completed before the fall term of 1815. The Trustees decided "That the price of tuition in this school be fixed at $1.75 per quarter for spelling, reading and writing; for Arithmetic in addition to the above branches the sum of $0.25 cts and for Grammar or Geography the further sum of twenty-five cents." The cost of firewood was to be "divided equally among the scholars." On May 10, 1816, the Trustees adopted a seal for the school in the form of "a spread eagle standing on a globe with the word Excelsior underneath in Roman Capitals."
Nate warns Truck of the hit out on him. Truck frames Annie for shoplifting, and the police arrest her. Truck visits Nate again in the hospital. Truck gives Nate Jerry's gun for protection, and then they shoot Blue's goons when they burst in. Blue flees, but Truck shoots him. Blue dies a few minutes later in the driver's seat of his car. Truck confronts Dorinda and more goons at her house, and kills her when she reaches for a gun.
The lever tumbler lock was greatly improved by Jeremiah Chubb in 1818. A burglary in Portsmouth Dockyard prompted the British Government to announce a competition to produce a lock that could be opened only with its own key. Chubb developed the Chubb detector lock, which incorporated an integral security feature that could frustrate unauthorised access attempts and would indicate to the lock's owner if it had been interfered with. Chubb was awarded £100 after a trained lock-picker failed to break the lock after 3 months.
Hearst was born in San Francisco, California, the third of five daughters of Randolph Apperson Hearst and Catherine Wood Campbell. She grew up primarily in Hillsborough. She attended Crystal Springs School for Girls in Hillsborough and the Santa Catalina School in Monterey. Patty attended Menlo College in Atherton, California prior to transferring as a junior to the University of California, Berkeley. Despite her wealthy grandfather, Patty Hearst's father was only one of a number of heirs, and did not have control of the Hearst interests. Her parents did not consider it necessary to take any measures for her personal security. At the time of her abduction, she was a sophomore at the University of California, Berkeley, studying art history, and living with her fiancé, Steven Weed.
For years, Abdul Kareem Al-Selwady vs Rami Aziz was one of the hottest rivalries in Middle East. The Iraqi started calling out the opponent when he was still the Desert Force featherweight champion, but the fight never took place in the promotion. With both fighters signing with Brave simultaneously, the agreement for the anticipated bout came soon and the promotion was marked by an intense war of words.
The idea of an artificial market was first proposed by the anarchist theorists Pierre-Joseph Proudhon and Mikhail Bakunin with their respective systems of Mutualism and collectivist anarchism. who suggested replacing traditional currency with a system of "labour-cheques" while still retaining basic market relations for goods and services.
On April 3, 1974, two months after she was abducted, Hearst announced on an audiotape that she had joined the SLA and assumed the name "Tania" (inspired by the nom de guerre of Haydée Tamara Bunke Bider, Che Guevara's comrade).
Gambia Cricket Association is the official governing body of the sport of cricket in the Gambia and operates the Gambia national cricket team. Its current headquarters is in Banjul, Gambia. Gambia Cricket Association is Gambia's representative at the International Cricket Council and is an affiliate member and has been a member of that body since 2002. It is also a member of the African Cricket Association.
The music video used clips from the movie A Nightmare on Elm Street 3: Dream Warriors, and primarily featured actress Patricia Arquette, and Robert Englund in the role of Freddy Krueger. The video featured various scenes from the film, combined with a small amount of original footage of Arquette's character Kristen being menaced by Freddy Krueger before being rescued by Dokken who drives Freddy off with the power of rock music. At the end of the video Freddy wakes up in bed screaming revealing that the video was his nightmare and exclaims, "What a nightmare! Who were those guys?"
During the 1960 to 1961 season, Coburn co-starred with Ralph Taeger and Joi Lansing in the NBC adventure/drama series, Klondike, set in the Alaskan gold rush town of Skagway.
The most famous tourists to Estonia have been Sir Tim Rice, and his team the Heartaches, the MCC, the Lord's Taverners and most recently Carmel & District Cricket Club captained by Timothy Abraham.
Deathwish released a tribute skateboard deck in June 2014 to provide Dixon with a financial base to rebuild his life after his release from prison. The deck was sold with a letter from Ellington explaining Dixon's situation and his relationship to Deathwish/Bakerboys ("Antwuan is one of the reasons we started Deathwish. He's been here since day one and he'll be here as long as we are."), in addition to a pre-addressed envelope for owners of the decks to be able to send Dixon a letter while he remained in prison.
In 2013, a grant from the Sacramento Emergency Foodlink allowed the SN&R to conduct independent research, reporting and distribution of articles on the subject of poverty in the Sacramento region from November 2012 to October 2013.
Glaser was educated at St Edmund Hall, Oxford, graduating from Oxford University with a First Class degree in English Literature in 1995, before gaining her PhD in early modern literature in 2000 at Birkbeck, University of London.
Both Matthews and Reynolds have an open taping policy that additionally extends to TR3, which is available on his website. The pair contend that no two concerts are alike, due in great part to Reynolds' inspired exploration of the melody on stage.
The municipality is located in the Martigny district. It consists of the hamlets of Leytron-Plan, Produit, Montagnon, Les Places, Dugny and Le Fou, which are at elevations of 497–1,041 meters (1,631–3,415 ft) and the settlement of Ovronnaz at 1,350 m (4,430 ft).
Kemperi (Georgian: ქემფერი) is a village in Khashuri Municipality of Shida Kartli region in Georgia. The village is located 11.5 km (7.1 mi) from Khashuri and 6.5 km (4.0 mi) from Surami, 800 m (2,625 ft) above sea level. According to the 2002 census it had a population of 470.
Finally, political or direct democracy implies a very different conception of citizenship than the usual liberal and socialist conceptions. In this conception, political activity is not a means to an end, but an end in itself so that one does not engage in political action simply to promote one's welfare but to realize the principles intrinsic to political life, such as freedom, equality and solidarity. This, in contrast to the liberal and social-democratic conceptions which adopt an 'instrumentalist' view of citizenship, i.e. a view which implies that citizenship entitles citizens with certain rights that they can exercise as means to the end of individual welfare.
Brave 1: The Beginning (also known as Brave 1 and Brave: The Beginning) was a mixed martial arts event held live by Brave Combat Federation on Friday September 23, 2016 at the Khalifa Sports City in Isa Town, Bahrain. The event was broadcast live online and locally through Bahrain TV.
In the late 1970s Johnson applied landscape architecture to two significant projects in Texas. The Fort Worth Water Gardens opened in 1974, creating an urban landscape where visitors experience water in distinct ways. And in 1977 Johnson completed the spiraling white chapel and meditation garden at Thanks-Giving Square in Dallas.
The Bidwell Bungle, 1995: After purchasing 1,380 acres of land on the south side of Big Chico Creek, CN&R discovered that the city of Chico had been flummoxed by the sellers and had overpaid by as much as $1 million
Iraq War for Dummies, 2003: Days before the United States invaded Iraq, this cover story warned that it might take "many years and cost hundreds of billions of dollars" to build a new nation in Iraq
The terms of the armistice called for the immediate demobilization of all Bulgarian military activities. It ordered the evacuation of Bulgarian-occupied Greek and Serbian territories, placed limits and restrictions to the size of Bulgaria's military employment and required Bulgaria to return military equipment that had been taken from the Greek Fourth Army Corps during the Bulgarian occupation of Eastern Macedonia in 1916. German and Austrian-Hungarian troops had to leave Bulgaria within 4 weeks. Bulgaria and especially Sofia were not to be occupied, but the Allies had the right to temporarily occupy some strategic points and to transfer troops over Bulgarian territory.
Ampeg Dan Armstrong, B.C. Rich Warlock USA seven-string, Fender Jaguar, Fender Stratocaster, Gibson SG Gothic, NS Design NXTa (fretted electric violin), Parker Fly Deluxe Vibrato, Paul Reed Smith Custom 24, Rickenbacker 360 twelve-string, Steinberger GL2S, Steinberger GM5T
The sufficient condition for the reproduction of a political democracy refers to the citizens' level of democratic consciousness and, as David Gabbard & Karen Appleton point out, "the responsibility of cultivating the democratic consciousness requisite to this conception of citizenship falls to paideia" which involves not simply education but character development and a well-rounded knowledge and skills, i.e. the education of the individual as citizen, which alone can give substantive content to the public space. This is particularly so because democracy can only be grounded on the conscious choice of citizens for individual and collective autonomy. Thus it cannot be the outcome of any social, economic or natural "laws" or tendencies dialectically leading to it, let alone any divine or mystical dogmas and preconceptions. In this sense, neither representative democracy nor soviet democracy meet the conditions for political democracy, and are simply forms of political oligarchy, where political power is concentrated in the hands of various elites, i.e. professional politicians, and party bureaucrats respectively.
The school's fencing team is one of the largest in the nation, having over 100 freshmen join the team in the last year alone. The boys' team is consistently ranked among the top in the state, while the girls' team has won the state championship 8 out of 10 years. The girls' team record for the combined 1999-2005 seasons was 94−4. In 2006, the girls' fencing team defeated Bernards High School 19−8 to win the NJSIAA 2006 Girls' team fencing state tournament. Columbia won the 2007 Boys' Team Fencing state championship with a 16-11 win over Voorhees High School. The team's head coach, Dr. Arthur Paulina, won his milestone 300th victory during the 06-07 season. In the 2008−09 season, the boys' fencing team took home the épée state title. In the 2009−10 season, the girls' team won District III, but finished 5th in the state, losing in the quarterfinals to Governor Livingston High School. The boys' team won the Cetrulo Tournament and the NJSIAA/Bollinger District 3 championships, earning them a top seed going into the NJSIAA state championship Tournament. The boys' team won state championships for the first time since 2007 in a 15−12 win over Bernards High School. In the 2010−11 season, the girls placed No. 3 in the team state championships after defeating Governor Livingston High School in the consolation meet. The boys won their second consecutive state championship defeating Montclair High School (New Jersey) in the final by a 14-13 score. In the 2012 NJSIAA/Bollinger tournament, Columbia lost in the final to second-seeded West Morris Mendham High School by a score of 14−13, ending the school's 49-match winning streak.
Omer Caha, "The Death of Feminism as an Antisystemic Movement or the Success of Feminism to Change the System from Within?"; Takis Fotopoulos, "Takis Fotopoulos' reply to Omer Caha's Dialogue Article", Democracy & Nature, Vol.9, No.2, (July 2003).
Mark Rudd (born 1947, class of 1965), activist who led student war protests at CHS and later at Columbia University, and went on to help found The Weathermen.
After completing the Glass House, he completed two more houses in New Canaan in a style similar to that of Mies; the Hodgson House (1951) and the Wiley House (1953). In 1953 he also created an architectural sculpture garden for the Museum of Modern Art in New York.
On August 10, 2015, Page announced on Google's official blog that Google had restructured into a number of subsidiaries of a new holding company known as Alphabet Inc with Page becoming CEO of Alphabet Inc and Sundar Pichai assuming the position of CEO of Google Inc. In his announcement, Page described the planned holding company as follows:
The song spent two weeks at the top of the Billboard Hot 100 from February 23, 2002. It was followed by another Ja Rule duet, "Ain't It Funny (Murder Remix)" by Jennifer Lopez, featuring Ja Rule.
In 2003, both Page and Brin received a MBA from IE Business School, in an honorary capacity, "for embodying the entrepreneurial spirit and lending momentum to the creation of new businesses." In 2004, they received the Marconi Foundation's prize and were elected Fellows of the Marconi Foundation at Columbia University. In announcing their selection, John Jay Iselin, the Foundation's president, congratulated the two men for "their invention that has fundamentally changed the way information is retrieved today.". Page and Brin were also Award Recipients and National Finalists for the EY Entrepreneur of the Year Award in 2003.
This is a list of the 558 MPs or Members of Parliament elected to the 314 constituencies of the Parliament of Great Britain in 1768, the 13th Parliament of Great Britain.
In Leytron about 725 or (34.1%) of the population have completed non-mandatory upper secondary education, and 192 or (9.0%) have completed additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule). Of the 192 who completed tertiary schooling, 54.7% were Swiss men, 29.7% were Swiss women, 7.3% were non-Swiss men and 8.3% were non-Swiss women.
Her model career began at age 14 when she won the Elite Model Look Paraguay 2005 contest, and went to China to represent Paraguay. She was chosen as a finalist for the Miss Hawaiian Tropic 2009 in Punta del Este, Uruguay. Also in 2009, she participated at the Yanbal Fashion Week, in Ecuador, it was the second time that the CN Models International Search 2009 were held and it was won by Alba. In May 2010, she represented Paraguay at the Miss Beauty of the World 2010 held in People's Republic of China, she was among the Top 10 finalists.
In regard to extraterrestrial life, Schyrleus wrote, "If Jupiter has…inhabitants…they must be larger and more beautiful than the inhabitants of the Earth, in proportion to the [size] of the two spheres." However, he did not dare to confirm the existence of Jovian beings due to certain theological difficulties; Schyrleus wondered, for example, if beings on other planets maintained their primitive state of innocence, or if they are cursed by original sin like humans are.[4]
Gibril Haddad was born in 1960 in Beirut, Lebanon to a middle-class Lebanese Catholic family. He has described his extended family as a mix of Orthodox and Roman/Maronite Catholics. He was raised in a mixed neighborhood and attended a Jesuit school that his father and grandfather had attended before him. In 1977, his father died during the Lebanese Civil War and his family was forced to flee Lebanon for the United Kingdom where Haddad completed high school. Later his family moved to the United States where Haddad attended Columbia College in New York City and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree. He then returned to Lebanon and got a job at his old school. Two years later, he left Lebanon again and enrolled in a French literature graduate program at Columbia University, New York. Haddad states he spent most of his time after classes at the local church or library and occasionally visited his mother.
In Dodge City, Kansas, Wyatt finds out that Holliday and Kate are in town. Holliday tells him he has no money, so Wyatt allows him to stay if he promises to not fight while he is in town. Meanwhile, gorgeous gambler Laura Denbow (Rhonda Fleming) is arrested for playing cards since women are not allowed to gamble. She is released and allowed to play in the side rooms of the saloon. Wyatt is forced to deputize Holliday because a bank robber kills a cashier and Wyatt's other deputies are out in a posse catching another outlaw. The bank robbers attempt to ambush Wyatt outside of town, but are instead killed by Wyatt and Holliday.
Watt won the 2009 Bonnie Bronson Fellowship Award, the 2007 Anonymous Was A Woman Award, the 2006 Joan Mitchell Foundation Fellowship, and the 2005 Eiteljorg Museum Artist Fellowship.
When Blue points out that Dorinda will not be able to deal with Truck, they agree to share the cost of getting rid of Truck, and Blue will take over more control of Gator's stable. Blue's men force Nate to call Truck and tell him that there is a big job. Truck does not feel sober enough after a night of partying, so he calls Jerry, who dies in Blue's ambush.
In 1993, Kent used his resources to research charting history back to 1970, he added information from the weekly Kent Music Report and the Australian Music Report to publish them in book form as Australian Chart Book, 1970–1992. He later followed with Australian Chart Book (1940–1969) in 2005, Australian Chart Book (1993–2005) in 2006, The Australian top 20 book (1940–2006) in 2007, and Australian Chart Chronicles (1940–2009).
PC Magazine has praised Google as among the Top 100 Web Sites and Search Engines (1998) and awarded Google the Technical Excellence Award for Innovation in Web Application Development in 1999. In 2000, Google earned a Webby Award, a People's Voice Award for technical achievement, and in 2001, was awarded Outstanding Search Service, Best Image Search Engine, Best Design, Most Webmaster Friendly Search Engine, and Best Search Feature at the Search Engine Watch Awards." In 2002, Page was named a World Economic Forum Global Leader for Tomorrow and along with Brin, was named by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)'s Technology Review publication as one of the top 100 innovators in the world under the age of 35, as part of its yearly TR100 listing (changed to "TR35" after 2005).
1st place in Freedom of the Press in the Urban Weeklies category, Best Spot News Story, Silver Star Award, Best Non-staff Story, Best Business Feature, Best Non-staff Column, Best Sports Feature, Best Entertainment Writing, Best Critical Writing, Best Page One Design, Best Large Space Ad, Best Special Section or Campaign Advertising,Best Online Writing in 2014, Nevada Press Association
In 2014, they headlined their first national tour, with numerous sold out shows including a performance at West Hollywood’s renowned Roxy Theatre that sold out two weeks before the show date..
If, on the other hand, silence had been observed concerning something that essentially changed the state of the case, the concealment or suppression of statements or facts that according to law or usage should be expressed in an application or petition for a rescript is called subreption.
Testifying for the prosecution, Dr. Harry Kozol said Hearst had been "a rebel in search of a cause" and her participation in the robbery had been "an act of free will." Prosecutor James L. Browning Jr. asked the other psychiatrist testifying for the prosecution, Dr. Joel Fort, if Hearst was in fear of death or great bodily injury during the robbery, to which he answered "No" as Bailey angrily objected. Fort assessed Hearst as amoral, and said she had voluntarily had sex with Wolfe and Defreeze, an accusation which Hearst denied both in court and outside. Prosecutor Browning tried to show writings by Hearst indicated her testimony had misrepresented her interactions with Wolfe. She said she had been writing the SLA version of events, and had been punched in the face by William Harris when she refused to be more effusive about what she regarded as sexual abuse by Wolfe. The court heard testimony from the prosecution psychiatrists that included mention of Hearst's sexual experiences that had occurred years before her kidnapping and the bank robbery.
Hamilton has been the primary songwriter, guitarist, and vocalist for Brothers Past, as well as co-producer for all of their recorded releases.
In January 2013, Page participated in a rare interview with Wired, in which writer Steven Levy discussed Page's "10X" mentality—Google employees are expected to create products and services that are at least 10 times better than those of its competitors—in the introductory blurb. Astro Teller, the head of Google X, explained to Levy that 10X is "just core to who he [Page] is," while Page's "focus is on where the next 10X will come from." In his interview with Levy, Page referred to the success of YouTube and Android as examples of "crazy" ideas that investors were not initially interested in, saying: "If you’re not doing some things that are crazy, then you’re doing the wrong things." Page also stated that he was "very happy" with the status of Google+, and discussed concerns over the Internet in relation to the SOPA bill and an International Telecommunication Union proposal that had been recently introduced:
Coburn was one of the villains in Charade (1963), starring Cary Grant and Audrey Hepburn. He was then cast as a glib naval officer in Paddy Chayefsky's The Americanization of Emily, replacing James Garner, who had moved up to the lead when William Holden pulled out. This led to Coburn being signed to a seven-year contract with 20th Century Fox.
Gibril Fouad Haddad (born 1960) (Arabic: جبريل فؤاد حداد‎; Arabic pronunciation: [gɪbriːl fʊɑːd ħadda:d]) is a Lebanese-born Islamic scholar, hadith expert (muhaddith), author, and translator of classical Islamic texts. He was featured in the inaugural list of 500 Most influential Muslims and has been called "one of the clearest voices of traditional Islam in the West", a "prominent orthodox Sunni" and a "staunch defender of the traditional Islamic schools of law." He holds ijazas from over 150 scholars across the Muslim world. He resides with his family in Brunei Darussalaam and is a visiting fellow at the Sultan Omar Ali Saifuddin Center for Islamic Studies, University Brunei Darussalam. He is also a staunch critic of Wahhabism and Salafism.
In this conception of democracy, the public realm includes not just the political realm, as is usual the practice in the republican or democratic project (Hannah Arendt, Cornelius Castoriadis, Murray Bookchin et al.), but also the economic, 'social' and ecological realms. The political realm is the sphere of political decision-making, the area in which political power is exercised. The economic realm is the sphere of economic decision-making, the area in which economic power is exercised with respect to the broad economic choices that any scarcity society has to make. The social realm is the sphere of decision-making in the workplace, the education place and any other economic or cultural institution which is a constituent element of a democratic society. The public realm could be extended to include the "ecological realm", which may be defined as the sphere of the relations between society and nature. Therefore, the public realm, in contrast to the private realm, includes any area of human activity in which decisions can be made collectively and democratically.
Two different stories exist about Rheita's early life. The most popular account holds that he is of Czech origin, born in 1597. According to this story he was a priest and a member of the order of Capuchin friars at Rheita, Bohemia, hence his name. At the outbreak of the Thirty Years' War in 1618, he left the order and established himself in Belgium.
Southeastern Louisiana hired Kennedy in 1999 and he steadily improved his alma mater, winning 10 games in his first season and doubling that total four seasons later, winning the Southland Conference regular-season championship. His sixth team went 24-9, the most wins in school history, and won both the conference regular-season and tournament titles. The Lions advanced to the NCAA tournament for the first time in school history, where it lost to Oklahoma State 63-50.
Filming started at the Naval base of Toulon, France on 26 April 2017. Some scenes were filmed with Colin Firth at the commercial port of Brest, France between the 2 May and the 6th May 2017, including scenes aboard the rescue ship Atlantic Tonjer, serving as the Seaway Eagle. On 8 May 2017, it was reported that besides France, shooting will also take place in locations throughout Europe, including Belgium and Norway.. On 12 July 2017 the crew was in Jette (Brussels) and scenes were filmed in "Salle Excelsior" (Place Cardinal Mercier).
Carvajal made his Bundesliga debut on 1 September 2012 in a 2–0 home win against SC Freiburg, being subsequently named to the Team of the Week. He scored his first goal for his new club on 25 November, netting the second in an eventual 2–1 success at TSG 1899 Hoffenheim.
Reynolds and Matthews performed together several times in April 2008: in support of Presidential candidate Barack Obama, at the "Seeds of Compassion" show in Seattle, Washington, and at Jack Johnson's Kokua Festival at the Waikiki Shell on the island of Oahu, in Honolulu, Hawaii.
Prominent original exterior features include carved limestone detail, numerous false chimneys, steeply pitched slate roofs, and a seven-story clock tower. While it is not known for certain that Columbia High School was inspired by any earlier structures, there is a strong resemblance to Laynon Hall at Queen's University of Belfast. At the very top of the clock tower is a copper pyramidal structure. The entire pyramid structure rotates, and one side opens, serving as an observatory. The observatory is equipped with a large refracting telescope made by John Brashear. That telescope is no longer functional, but there is a more modern Celestron C11 reflecting telescope that is used by students. Two levels below are the E. Howard & Co. Style #3 clock works. Alongside the clock is an enormous bronze bell by the Meneely Bell Foundry. Inside the school can be found rooms with fireplaces, hallways with beautiful faience wall tiles by John Scott Award recipient Herman Carl Mueller of Trenton, and mosaic inlaid terrazzo floors in the front hall. The front foyer was recently renovated, removing non-period lighting and mid-century acoustic tile. The restoration included doors that more closely replicated the 1926 originals, a new terrazzo floor, and dramatic lighting of the zodiac-inspired plaster ceiling. Recently, dubious student art dating from as far back as the 1970s was painted over, among other improvements. The auditorium includes a three-manual Ernest M. Skinner Organ. Although it is little used and not completely functional, the organ is one of the few unmodified Skinners in existence and has received an Organ Historical Society citation. Regrettably, on either side of the stage the large plaster grills that hide the organ pipes were water damaged. The original auditorium chandeliers have also been removed. A similar story exists with regard to the swimming pool; while the original vaulted Catalan Guastavino tile ceiling remains, the chandeliers are gone, and a giant arched window is blocked by a later addition.
On 3 June 2013, Real Madrid exercised its buy-back option on Carvajal, who became the team's first signing for 2013–14 for a fee believed to be in the region of €6.5 million. This was confirmed by Bayer's director of football Rudi Völler, who stated: "Real Madrid noticed the outstanding performances by Dani this season, and it was only a matter of time before they exercised their buy-back option." Shortly after the move, he spoke of his happiness to return, thanking the president, the fans and the club at a press conference.
La Jonchère. At the beginning of the 19th century, this was a great farm. The owner was M. Martin de Longchamps, who also owned Fontenelles. It was a féculerie in 1836, which dominated all the intensive potato production in the region. Unfortunately from 1845 potato blight affected the activity and then completely stopped it. The farmers decided to replace it with sugar beet. The domaine de la Jonchère was used for establishing the installations of the new product.
Illinois Route 72 is an east–west state road in northern Illinois. It runs from the intersection with Illinois Route 73 north of Lanark east to Illinois Route 43 (Harlem Avenue) in Chicago. This is a distance of 110.71 miles (178.2 km).
A bout between Russia's Eldar Eldarov and Ireland's Peter Queally, from SBG Ireland, was in the works for this card but Queally didn't reach an agreement with Brave and Eldar ended up facing Kevin Koldobsky, also from SBG.
In 2003, CrossGen published John Carpenter's Snake Plissken Chronicles, a four-part comic book miniseries. The story takes place a day or so after the events of Escape from New York. Snake has been given a military Humvee after his presidential pardon and makes his way to Atlantic City. Although the director's cut of Escape from New York shows Snake was caught after a bank job, this story has Snake finishing up a second heist that was pre-planned before his capture. The job entails stealing the car in which John F. Kennedy was assassinated from a casino before delivering it to a buyer in the Gulf of Mexico. Snake partners with a man named Marrs who ends up double crossing him. Left for dead in a sinking crab cage, Snake escapes and is saved by a passing fisherman named Captain Ron (an in-joke referring to Kurt Russell's 1992 comedy, Captain Ron). When Ron denies Snake's request to use his boat in order to beat Marrs to the robbery, Snake decides to kill him. When Snake ends up saving Ron from the Russian mob who wants money, Ron changes his mind and helps Snake. Once at the casino, Snake comes face-to-face with Marrs and his men, who arrive at the same time, ending in a high-speed shootout. Snake gets away with the car and its actress portraying Jackie Kennedy, leaving Marrs to be caught by the casino owner, who cuts him a deal to bring his car back and live. After some trouble, Snake manages to finally get the car to the buyer's yacht, using Ron's boat, and is then attacked by Marrs. Following the firefight, the yacht and car are destroyed, Marrs and Captain Ron are dead, and Snake makes his escape in a helicopter with the 30 million credits owed to him for the job.
The first Komsomol shock construction project was announced for the blast furnace #2 (later became known as "Komsomolskaya") at the Magnitogorsk Iron and Steel Works in 1930-32. The last construction project was an air converting rolling mill for hot rolling at the same Magnitogorsk Iron and Steel Works in 1986-90.
Page attended the Okemos Montessori School (now called Montessori Radmoor) in Okemos, Michigan, from 1975 to 1979, and graduated from East Lansing High School in 1991. He attended Interlochen Center for the Arts as a saxophonist for two summers while in high school. Page holds a Bachelor of Science in computer engineering from the University of Michigan, with honors and a Master of Science in computer science from Stanford University. While at the University of Michigan, Page created an inkjet printer made of Lego bricks (literally a line plotter), after he thought it possible to print large posters cheaply with the use of inkjet cartridges—Page reverse-engineered the ink cartridge, and built all of the electronics and mechanics to drive it. Page served as the president of the Beta Epsilon chapter of the Eta Kappa Nu fraternity, and was a member of the 1993 "Maize & Blue" University of Michigan Solar Car team. As an undergrad at the University of Michigan, he proposed that the school replace its bus system with a PRT System which is essentially a driverless monorail with separate cars for every passenger. He also developed a business plan for a company that would use software to build a music synthesizer during this time.
The quarry reservoir, Llyn Cob, was once known as Llyn Owain Lawgoch, after the last male survivor of the princely house of the Kingdom of Gwynedd.
Takis Fotopoulos, "Globalisation and the multi-dimensional crisis: The Inclusive Democracy approach", Theomai journal, No. 4 (2nd semester 2001). Retrieved 4 January 2014.
In the 1640s he was a professor of philosophy at Trier. In 1642, he was in Cologne conducting astronomical observations and optical measurements, and in 1643 his work Novem stellae circa Jovem visae, circa Saturnum sex, circa Martem nonnullae ("Nine stars seen around Jupiter, six around Saturn, several around Mars") appeared. In 1645, he published Oculus Enoch et Eliae, siue, Radius sidereomysticus, a very influential work on optics and astronomy.
Ilex in Latin means the holm-oak or evergreen oak (Quercus ilex). Despite the Linnaean classification of Ilex as holly, as late as the 19th century in Britain, the term Ilex was still being applied to the oak as well as the holly – possibly due to the superficial similarity of the leaves. The name "holly" in common speech refers to Ilex aquifolium, specifically stems with berries used in Christmas decoration. By extension, "holly" is also applied to the whole genus. The origin of the word "holly" is considered a reduced form of Old English hole(ġ)n, Middle English Holin, later Hollen. The French word for holly, houx, derives from the Old Low Franconian *hulis (Middle Dutch huls). Both are related to Old High German hulis, huls, as are Low German/Low Franconian terms like Hülse or hulst. These Germanic words appear to be related to words for holly in Celtic languages, such as Welsh celyn, Breton kelen(n) and Irish cuileann.
Many students and teachers were enlisted during World War I, which had a significant effect on life at Columbia. Pupils in assembly regularly delivered patriotic "four-minute speeches." Every room in the school had a full complement of war posters.
In the school year 2016-2017, 42% of the students were African American and 47% were Caucasian. Within this black-and-white composition are found a variety of ethnic backgrounds including Jamaican, Nigerian, Haitian, African-American, English, French, Jewish, Polish, Italian, and Irish. There has been much discussion regarding the Racial Academic Achievement Gap in the school district, and the tracking is often cited as the most glaring example of a racial disparity.
Ilex , or holly, is a genus of 400 to 600 species of flowering plants in the family Aquifoliaceae, and the only living genus in that family. The species are evergreen or deciduous trees, shrubs, and climbers from tropics to temperate zones worldwide.
David Kent (born 1941) is an Australian music historian and pop culture writer. Kent produced the Kent Music Report, compiling the national music chart from May 1974 to 1996; it was known as the Australian Music Report from 1987. The music reports were a weekly listing of the National Top 100 chart positions of singles and albums. Kent's music reports were used by Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) as its 'official' ARIA Charts from mid-1983 until July 1988 when ARIA developed an in-house chart.
Maurice Herzog Sport Complex, including athletics training tracks, football space, archery practicing area, gymnastic room, climbing wall, a table tennis room.
Hanna is currently on the Board of Victim Support Service, and is Patron of numerous local sporting clubs. He was the longest-serving member of the Seaview High School Governing Council and had been President of Friends of Glenthorne and the Reynella Business & Tourism Association.
On 2 July 2015, Katsikas signed a year contract with the Dutch club Twente for an undisclosed fee. Twente coach Alfred Schreuder was pleased with this transfer as he could build on Katsikas' experience. On 9 September 2015 in the training, Katsikas has suffered a cruciate ligament rupture and he is going to undergo a surgery which makes him miss the remainder of the season. The Greek centre back is expected to stay on the sidelines for six to nine months missing potentially the start of Twente's pre-season over the summer 2016. On 21 August, Katsikas made his comeback in the awaygame against FC Groningen.
One OJ-2 modiﬁed in early 1934 with an NACA-type cowling and enclosed cockpits was delivered for trials as the XOJ-3, but after a crash it was rebuilt and returned to service as an OJ-2.
A capable, rough-hewn leading man, his toothy grin and lanky physique made him a perfect tough guy in numerous leading and supporting roles in westerns and action films, such as The Magnificent Seven, Hell Is for Heroes, The Great Escape, Charade, Our Man Flint, In Like Flint, Duck, You Sucker!, and Cross of Iron. Coburn provided the voice of Henry Waternoose in the Pixar film Monsters, Inc.
David Kent was born in Sydney, Australia. He listened to local radio broadcasts of top hits such as "Rock Around the Clock" by Bill Haley in 1955.
In 1971, Coburn starred in the Zapata Western Duck, You Sucker!, with Rod Steiger and directed by Sergio Leone, as an Irish explosives expert and revolutionary who has fled to Mexico during the time of the Mexican Revolution in the early 20th century. This was not as highly regarded as Leone's four previous Westerns but was hugely popular in Europe, especially France.
It is the location of Foel Grochan, a slate quarry which together with Hen Chwarel and Ceunant Ddu formed the Aberllefenni Slate Quarry, which extracted rock from mediaeval times until the beginning of the 21st Century.
the work of Colston Westbrook with Los Angeles Police Department's CCS (Criminal Conspiracy Section) and the State of California's Sacramento-based CII (Criminal Identification and Investigation) unit; and
What's Up Chuck, 1996: Award-winning investigative story about the curious relationship between big insurance and the California Insurance Commissioner Chuck Quackenbush
On November 13, 2015, the group released their sixth studio album, Set in Stone. Set In Stone peaked at No.1 on the Billboard Reggae Albums chart, and spent 78 weeks on the chart. It appeared on six Billboard charts overall, including No. 101 on the Billboard 200, No. 24 on Digital Albums, No. 1 on Heatseekers Albums, No. 7 on Independent Albums, and No. 65 on the Top Album Sales chart.
Her occupations include former director of marketing at Chi-Huan Associates and mercenary. She is a mutated human/technology user and has been a member of the Crimson Cowl's Masters of Evil. Joystick was a member of the Thunderbolts which at the time also included Atlas, Blizzard, MACH-IV, Photon, Radioactive Man, Songbird, and Speed Demon.
Subject matter experts such as journalist Robert Moore, author of the novel upon which the film is based, along with David Russell, (Commodore, British Royal Navy who tried to save the men from Kursk), and submarine expert Ramsey Martin are advising the filmmakers.
Andrew Shue (born 1967, class of 1985), actor best known for his leading role on the television series Melrose Place. He also appeared in the 2007 film, Gracie and served as producer for it
Weber pays special attention to Brahmins and considers why they occupied the highest place in Indian society for many centuries. With regards to the concept of dharma he concludes that the Indian ethical pluralism is very different both from the universal ethic of Confucianism and Christianity. He notes that the varna system prevented the development of urban status groups.
The News & Review is a group of free alternative weekly newspapers published by Chico Community Publishing, Inc. of Chico, California. The company publishes the Chico News & Review in Chico, California, the Sacramento News & Review in Sacramento, California and the Reno News & Review in Reno, Nevada.
Kent expanded his business and incorporated physical sales to supplement information from radio stations from 1976. By 1977, major record companies used his chart information in their advertising. Kent's staff sent surveys to retail stores, collated sales figures together with radio charts by states and then used his ranking system to assemble the national Kent Music Report. By 1982, retail sales by survey was the main source of Kent's reports.
John Sutcliffe (died 1987) was a British fashion designer and fetish photographer, famous in the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s as a designer of clothes for aficionados of leather, rubber and PVC fetishism, with an emphasis on rubber and leather catsuits, cloaks, and gasmasks.
In a closing prosecution statement that hardly made mention of Hearst having been kidnapped, prosecutor Browning suggested Hearst had taken part in the bank robbery without coercion. Browning also suggested to the jury that the female SLA members, being into feminism, would not have allowed Hearst to be raped. He said that Hearst having kept an Olmec carving given to her by Wolfe showed that she had lied about being subjected to rape by him.
Hamilton first played with Grateful Dead bassist, Phil Lesh on March 14–15, 2014 at Lesh's Terrapin Crossroads in San Rafael, CA as a member of Phil and Friends. This was followed by another concert at Terrapin Crossroads on October 6, 2014 which was billed as "East Coast All-Stars", and a three night run on December 29–31 to close out 2014 at the Capital Theatre in Port Chester, NY billed as "PhilRAD".
Back at Fox, Coburn made a second Flint film, In Like Flint (1967), which was popular but Coburn did not wish to make any more. He went over to Paramount to make a Western comedy, Waterhole No. 3 (1967), and the political satire The President's Analyst (1967). Neither film performed particularly well at the box office but over the years The President's Analyst has become a cult film. In 1967 Coburn was voted the twelfth biggest star in Hollywood.
Vulnerable is the third posthumous album by Marvin Gaye. Recorded in sessions throughout 1977, the album was a decade in the making, first being worked on in 1968 during sessions in New York with Bobby Scott. Reworked by Gaye a decade later, the album was originally going to be released in 1979 under the title, The Ballads, but was shelved. Two decades later, Motown released it under the title Vulnerable, including seven songs from the sessions and three alternate cuts.
The World Branding Forum is the organiser of the World Branding Awards, an international award presented to some of the best global and national brands for their work and achievements in branding. It is also the owner of the award's "Brand of the Year" logo, which is a registered trademark.
Coburn's film debut came in 1959 as the sidekick of Pernell Roberts in the Randolph Scott western Ride Lonesome. He soon got a job in another Western Face of a Fugitive (1959).
In 2009, Page received an honorary doctorate from the University of Michigan during a graduation commencement ceremony. In 2011, he was ranked 24th on the Forbes list of billionaires, and as the 11th richest person in the U.S.
Linus Yale, Jr. improved upon his father's lock in 1861, using a smaller, flat key with serrated edges that is the basis of modern pin-tumbler locks. Yale developed the modern combination lock in 1862.
The Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) was established by the six major record companies operating in Australia, EMI, Festival Records, CBS (now known as Sony Music), RCA (now known as BMG), WEA (now known as Warner Music) and Polygram (now known as Universal). ARIA licensed the Kent Music Report from mid-1983 to publish the ARIA Charts under their banner until the week ending 26 June 1988. ARIA had established its own research and chart publishing group and now competed with the Kent Music Report.
... entire Web was loosely based on the premise of citation—after all, what is a link but a citation? If he could devise a method to count and qualify each backlink on the Web, as Page puts it "the Web would become a more valuable place."
The Colt Lightning Carbine or Colt Lightning Rifle was a slide-action (pump-action) rifle manufactured by Colt from 1884 to 1904 and was originally chambered in .44-40 caliber. Colt eventually made the Lightning Rifle in three different frame sizes, to accommodate a wide range of cartridges, from .22 Short caliber and .38-40 to .50-95 Express. Its profile somewhat resembles the pump-action rimfire rifles made by the Winchester Repeating Arms Company and Remington Arms. The Lightning saw use as a sporting arm in America and was adopted for use by the San Francisco Police Department, but was never as popular or as reliable as the various lever-action rifles of its day.
A model of economic democracy, as an integral part of an inclusive democracy, is described in Towards An Inclusive Democracy (ch 6), the first book-length description of inclusive democracy. The main characteristic of the proposed model, which also differentiates it from socialist planning models like Parecon, is that it explicitly presupposes a stateless, money-less and market-less economy that precludes private accumulation of wealth and the institutionalisation of privileges for some sections of society, without relying on a mythical post-scarcity state of abundance, or sacrificing freedom of choice. The proposed system aims at satisfying the double aim of:
Work then continued on a system of soft-loaded updated versions of the OS, released under an annual subscription release scheme named RISC OS Select in 2002.
All One Tribe Hand Drum, E-mu Pro/cussion, Linn Linndrum, Native American handmade rattles, Pollard Syndrums Quad, Rhythm Tech Maracas, Rhythm Tech Rainmakers, Rhythm Tech Shakers, Taos Hand Drum
At the time of her arrest, Patty Hearst weighed only 87 pounds (40 kg) and was described by Dr. Margaret Singer in October 1975 as "a low-IQ, low-affect zombie". Shortly after her arrest, there were some clear signs of trauma and several DSM-5 classifications: her IQ was measured at 112 from 130 previously (a loss of 18 points); there were huge gaps in her memory regarding her pre-Tania life; she was smoking heavily; she had nightmares. Without a mental illness or defect, a person was held fully responsible for any criminal action not done under duress, defined as a clear and present threat of death or serious injury rather than peer pressure or being a low ranking member of a conspiracy. Securing an acquittal on the basis of brainwashing would be completely unprecedented.
Philip Johnson's Glass House, along with Mies van der Rohe's Farnsworth House, was the subject of Sarah Morris's 2010 film Points on a Line. Morris filmed at both sites over the course of several months, among other locations including The Four Seasons Restaurant, the Seagram Building, Mies van der Roheʼs controversial 860–880 Lake Shore Drive Apartments, and Chicagoʼs Newberry Library.
I played there [Miller's in Charlottesville] all the time. Dave Matthews was the bartender. I knew the rest of his [future] band way before that. We played together in Charlottesville since I moved there in 1981. I would play with LeRoi Moore and Carter Beauford. Dave moved to town in 1987. When the Dave Matthews Band started (1991), I already had my own band (TR3). I told him (Dave Matthews), "I've got a band and I kind of like the way it is. You should start your band." I could see that he needed to do his own thing.
With their right to vote secured, the MWSA became the Minnesota League of Women Voters, selecting Clara Ueland as their first president. The League is still active in Minnesota politics today, publishing a voting guide to inform voters on candidate positions on issues affecting women.
The character "Rehme" was named after producer Robert Rehme, while "Taylor", "Romero" and "Cronenberg" were named after the directors Don Taylor, George Romero and David Cronenberg respectively.
Hearst's kidnapping was partly opportunistic, as she lived close to the SLA hideout. According to testimony, the main intention was to leverage the Hearst family's political influence to free two SLA members arrested for the killing of Oakland's first black superintendent, Marcus Foster. Faced with the failure to free the imprisoned men, the SLA demanded that the captive's family distribute $70 worth of food to every needy Californian – an operation that would cost an estimated $400 million. In response, Hearst's father took out a loan and arranged the immediate donation of $2 million worth of food to the poor of the Bay Area. The distribution descended into chaos, and the SLA refused to release Hearst.
As Google's new CEO, Page's two key goals were the development of greater autonomy for the executives overseeing the most important divisions, and higher levels of collaboration, communication and unity among the teams. Page also formed what the media called the "L-Team," a group of senior vice-presidents who reported directly to him and worked in close proximity to his office for a portion of the working week. Additionally, he reorganized the company’s senior management, placing a CEO-like manager at the top of Google's most important product divisions, including YouTube, AdWords, and Google Search.
"Dream Warriors" is a song written by Dokken members George Lynch & Jeff Pilson for the movie A Nightmare on Elm Street 3: Dream Warriors. The song was released as a single in 1987, charting at number 22 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, and was also released on Dokken's fourth album, Back for the Attack.
In 2002 Hamilton produced a self-released recording for then unknown Philadelphia artist Kurt Vile in the basement of his West Chester, PA home.
Ismayilov's official burial was done at the Avenue of the Honored Ones Cemetery in Baku. A stadium in Baku, many schools and streets were named after him.
Cornus canadensis is a slow-growing herbaceous subshrub growing 10–20 cm tall, generally forming a carpet-like mat. The above-ground shoots rise from slender creeping rhizomes that are placed 2.5–7.5 cm deep in the soil, and form clonal colonies under trees. The vertically produced above-ground stems are slender and unbranched. The leaves are oppositely arranged on the stem, but are clustered with six leaves that often seem to be in a whorl because the internodes are compressed. The leafy green leaves are produced near the terminal node and consist of two types: 2 larger and 4 smaller leaves. The smaller leaves develop from the axillary buds of the larger leaves. The shiny dark green leaves have 2 to 3 mm long petioles and leaf blades that are obovate. The blades have entire margins and are 3.5 to 4.8 cm long and 1.5 to 2.5 cm wide, with 2 or 3 veins and cuneate shaped bases and abruptly acuminate apexes. In the fall, the leaves have red tinted veins and turn completely red.
After four years as a solo practitioner, Johnson invited Alan Ritchie to join him as a partner. Ritchie had been a partner for many years in the Johnson-Burgee office and was the partner-in-charge of the AT&T building and the 190 South Lasalle Street office building. In 1994 they formed the new practice of Philip Johnson>Alan Ritchie Architects. During the next ten years they worked closely together and yet again explored new directions in architecture, designing buildings as sculptural objects. Some of the buildings that expressed this were the Chapel of St. Basil at the university of St. Thomas, the Cathedral of Hope in Dallas, the Habitable Sculpture (a 26-story apartment tower in lower Manhattan), The Children Museum in Guadalajara, Mexico, The Chrysler Center and DDC Showroom in NY. One of his last designs with Alan Ritchie, completed after his death, was the Urban Glass House, a condominium building in lower Manhattan which was an urban expression from his own earlier work, his famous Glass House residence. The final building he designed with Richie was the Pennsylvania Academy of Music building in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, which was completed in 2008. Alan Ritchie now continues the Johnson legacy and design excellence and continues to explore the many ideas they developed together.
He was a pillar for club and country during the late 1960s and through the 1970s. He made his league debut in 1963 and spent 15 inspiring seasons with Aliyat Al-Shurta and with merger club Al-Shurta, where he was a key figure in the side along with Abid Kadhim, Majeed Ali, Latif Shandal and Riyadh Nouri. He became the first outfield player in the Iraqi League to play as a goalkeeper when he was forced to go in goal for the final few minutes of a 5-2 win over Al-Tijara after an injury to Raad Hammoudi. After making his international debut in 1967, Douglas quickly became a key influence as the midfield general in the heart of the Iraqi team.
Born in Tottenham, London, Wright initially played for Essex outfit Harwich & Parkeston, but by 1932 he had joined Football League side Charlton Athletic. Between 1932 and 1935, Wright made 38 league appearances, despite being understudy to Sam Bartram as Charlton rose from the Third Division to the First Division.
In February 2016, a former student filed a civil lawsuit against the school's baseball coaches. He alleged that the coaches had harassed bullied and intimidated him throughout his high school career.
Among the reactions to his appointment is that of then Defense Minister Ignazio La Russa, said: " It was a very difficult choice because more than one generals were at the same level of degree and capacity and it was hard It was a weighted choice, on my proposal, welcomed by the entire Council of Ministers, who expressed great appreciation for the new general commander of the Leonardo Leonardo Gallitelli." Democratic Party Defense and Security Officers Roberta Pinotti and Marco Minniti expressed "Great appreciation for the nomination to Commander-in-Chief of the Carabinieri, an excellent choice for expertise and experience. We are confident that General Gallitelli will do the best to accomplish the delicate task to which has been called."
DeFreeze's projections of the military strength of the then dozen-strong SLA group were hyperbolic, and he gave himself a concomitantly grandiose title of 'field marshal'. Soltysik is believed to have created much of the SLA ideological material, which stated the organization was opposed to "racism, sexism, agism, fascism, individualism, competitiveness, possessiveness and all other institutions that have made or sustained capitalism".
Where bunchberry, a forest species, and Cornus suecica, a bog species, grow near each other in their overlapping ranges in Alaska, Labrador, and Greenland, they can hybridize by cross-pollination, producing plants with intermediate characteristics.
Escape from New York was released on DVD twice by MGM (USA), and once by Momentum Pictures (UK). One MGM release is a barebones edition containing just the theatrical trailer. Another version is the Collector's Edition, a two-disc set featuring a High Definition remastered transfer with a 5.1 Stereo audio track, two commentaries (one by John Carpenter and Kurt Russell, another by producer Debra Hill and Joe Alves), a making-of featurette, the first issue of a comic book series titled John Carpenter's Snake Plissken Chronicles, and the ten-minute Colorado bank robbery deleted opening sequence.
"We still have a monumental architecture. To me, the drive for monumentality is as inbred as the desire for food and sex, regardless of how we denigrate it."
Conservatoire: The Jean-Sébastien-Bach Conservatoire of Bussy-Saint-Georges opened its doors in 1995. Widened in 2004, the expanse for the reception of people was doubled. In 2006 more than 700 pupils and 45 employees were involved, 28 individual instrumental disciplines (some of these instruments are "rare" such as harpsichord, viola de gamba or traditional Chinese ones: pipa, guzheng) and 10 steel band disciplines.
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Herbermann, Charles, ed. (1913). "Obreption". Catholic Encyclopedia. New York: Robert Appleton.
The Nikon Coolpix P900 is a superzoom digital bridge camera announced by Nikon on March 2, 2015. With 83× zoom limit and a maximum 2000 mm 35 mm equivalent focal length, it was the greatest-zooming bridge camera at the time of its announcement, a record it still maintains as of December 2017. It complements its shorter-zooming sister model, the Nikon Coolpix P610, which was announced a few weeks earlier.
As of 2000, there were 887 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.3 persons per household. There were 273 households that consist of only one person and 54 households with five or more people. In 2000, a total of 868 apartments (45.7% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 902 apartments (47.4%) were seasonally occupied and 131 apartments (6.9%) were empty. As of 2009, the construction rate of new housing units was 21.6 new units per 1000 residents. The vacancy rate for the municipality, in 2010, was 1.7%.
2010 saw the publication of the first ever book about Sutcliffe and AtomAge - Dressing For Pleasure, a history of AtomAge is published by Fuel and edited by Jonny Trunk.
He was selected for a Remington Products razor commercial in which he was able to shave off 11 days of beard growth in less than 60 seconds, while joking that he had more teeth to show on camera than the other 12 candidates for the part.
That Patricia Campbell Hearst and her parents disagreed bitterly over Patricia's political and personal relations. That a love affair between a black man and Patricia Hearst did take place prior to her relationship with her fiancé Steven Weed. That Mrs. Randolph A. Hearst subjected her daughter to extreme pressure to change her personal and political relationships.
Working with John Burgee, Johnson did not confine himself to a single style, and was comfortable mixing elements of modernism and postmodernism. For the Cleveland Play House, he built a romanesque brick structure; for the Architecture School at the University of Houston, he said that his model was the French neoclassical architecture of the 18th-century architect French Claude-Nicolas Ledoux. His skyscrapers on the 1980s were skillfully constructed and clad in granite and marble, and usually had some feature borrowed from historic architecture. In New York he designed the Museum of Television and Radio, (now the Paley Center for Media) (1991).
Shealy was diagnosed with melanoma in 1983 and given a 30% chance of survival. Twenty-five years later, in August 2008, he announced that the cancer had recurred. The brain tumor affected the portion of Shealy's brain that influences the ability to communicate, read and write. Oscar Lovelace, Shealy's physician said that Shealy was "having language difficulties and periods where he couldn’t remember what he needed to say. He was mixing up numbers and letters." Shealy died due to possible complications from the cancer on August 18, 2010.
Edward Burnaby Greene (c. 1735-1788) was an English landowner, poet and translator. He inherited the Norland estate in modern-day Holland Park in 1740 from his paternal grandfather, Thomas Greene. Four years after Greene's death, Benjamin Vulliamy purchased the Norland Estate for £4,270.
Castle's Tematic division was dramatically closed in September 2005. As of December 2005, RISCOS Ltd are still trading under the name RISCOS Ltd.
The Cabinet of Rwanda consists of the Prime Minister, Ministers, Ministers of State and other members nominated by the President. Members of Cabinet are selected from political organisations based on the number of seats they hold in the Chamber of Deputies, but members of Cabinet cannot themselves belong to the Chamber.
Born in Tokyo, she studied at Waseda University but left before graduating. On stage, she participated in Shoji Kokami's troupe, Daisan Butai, and also appeared in plays directed by Yukio Ninagawa and Hideki Noda. She has appeared in over fifty Japanese TV dramas, including Brother Beat and the Onsen e ikō series.
Agnieszka was exceptionally gifted. She completed her coursework much more quickly than other students and graduated from Marie Curie-Skłodowska High School in 1952. She trained as a swimmer at Legia Sports Club and studied journalism at the University of Warsaw (1957–61) and film-directing at the prestigious National Film School in Łódź (1957–61) but dropped film-directing and started writing. Osiecka published essays and articles in the student press during her university years. She joined the famous Student Satirical Theatre (STS) in 1954 and wrote 166 political and lyrical songs for this company. She used to say "I am a journalist, that is why some of my songs are reports which rhyme." She served on the artistic board of the STS Theatre until it closed in 1972.
The Réunion stonechat (Saxicola tectes) is a species of stonechat, endemic to the island of Réunion. This small passerine bird is common in clearings and open mountain bushlands there.
In the summer of 2009, Woodruff moved to the San Diego area and shortly after released his subsequent album, Smoke Stack. This album followed the same recording style of the previous two albums where he individually recorded and layered each track to create a song. Notable songs include “Livin’ It”, “Hawaii Song” and “Vibes Alive”.
While thousands of schools were constructed in the same era with little more than local notice, the opening of the present-day Columbia High School warranted articles in The Architect, Architecture, Architectural Record, American School and University, The Brick Builder, Pencil Points, and The American School Board Journal. Rendered in the Collegiate Gothic style by James O. Betelle of the Newark, New Jersey architectural firm of Guilbert & Betelle, the school served as a standard in design as evidenced by the inclusion of a floor plan in a 1930 Encyclopædia Britannica article, and later design homages such as John Marshall High School (Los Angeles, California). Collegiate Gothic, or Academic Gothic, construction was prevalent among schools and colleges in the 1920s, and was Betelle's preferred building style for both its scholastically historic roots and practical considerations. The 1927 main building still garners recognition, including recognition by Architectural Digest on its 2017 list of the "Most Beautiful Public High School in Every State in America".
BOOM! will release a crossover comics miniseries between Snake and Jack Burton titled Big Trouble in Little China / Escape from New York in October 2016.
On 18 August 2011, Sohail announced that he had joined Nawaz Sharif's political party, the Pakistan Muslim League (N). According to Sohail, the country needs seasoned and experienced leadership which he believes the PML-N offers.
Hamilton formed Brothers Past in 1996, straight out of high school with classmates Joe D'Amico (bass), Nick Desiderio (drums), and his older brother Jim Hamilton (guitar). In 1998 Hamilton met Tom McKee and asked him to join the band as a keyboardist and vocalist. This initial line-up toured the Mid-Atlantic area heavily until 1999 when D'Amico, Desiderio, and the elder Hamilton brother left the band to pursue more normal life styles. Hamilton and McKee settled on hiring Clay Parnell and Rick Lowenberg as the new rhythm section in 2000 and began touring again in 2001.
Carvajal was selected as one of the three best right backs at the end of his first and only season, behind FC Bayern Munich's Phillip Lahm and FC Schalke 04's Atsuto Uchida. He received 16% of the total vote from the fans.
The Caledonian Curling Club (also known as the Callie Curling Club) has been one of the most prominent curling rinks in Canada for many years. The club was established on October 14, 1915. Since its beginning so many years ago, the club has harboured many provincial, national, and even Olympic champions. It has also been a second home to thousands of people over the years who have come to the rink to relax, socialize, and of course, play an enjoyable game of curling.
In November 2010, reports cited Jeremy Renner as being in talks to play Snake Plissken. In July 2011, Deadline Hollywood reported that New Line and Warner Bros. had dropped the option to remake the film, allowing other studios to potentially option it. On March 18, 2013, Joel Silver and his studio company Silver Pictures teamed with StudioCanal to reboot the film as a trilogy, starting with an origin story in a fashion similar to the way Rise of the Planet of the Apes restarted that franchise. On February 10, 2014, Collider interviewed Silver about the film saying that the film's script is inspired by the video game Batman: Arkham City. On January 13, 2015, 20th Century Fox won the bid for the film rights of the remake with Andrew Rona and Alex Heineman's The Picture Company will produce. On October 12, 2015, Neil Cross was announced to write the film's script. According to The Wrap's Umberto Gonzalez, Fox wants to relaunch the film as what they did with Planet of the Apes and the details of the film are that New York City won’t be a maximum security prison, Snake's real name and a new villain. In March 2017 it was announced that Robert Rodriguez will direct the remake with John Carpenter producing.
The starting point of the ID project is that the world, at the beginning of the new millennium, faces a multi-dimensional crisis (economic, ecological, social, cultural and political), which is shown to be caused by the concentration of power in the hands of various elites. This is interpreted to be the outcome of the establishment, in the last few centuries, of the system of market economy (in the Polanyian sense), Representative democracy, and the related forms of hierarchical structure. Therefore, an inclusive democracy is seen not simply as a utopia, but perhaps as the only way out of the crisis, based on the equal distribution of power at all levels.
A commercial, and in some respects a social doubt has been started within the last year or two, whether or not it is right to discuss so openly the security or insecurity of locks. Many well-meaning persons suppose that the discussion respecting the means for baffling the supposed safety of locks offers a premium for dishonesty, by showing others how to be dishonest. This is a fallacy. Rogues are very keen in their profession, and know already much more than we can teach them respecting their several kinds of roguery.
Page wrote that the motivation behind the reorganization is to make Google "cleaner and more accountable." He also wrote that there was a desire to improve "the transparency and oversight of what we’re doing," and to allow greater control of unrelated companies previously within the Google ecosystem.
Because Judge Carter had died, William Horsley Orrick Jr. decided on Hearst's sentence. He gave her seven years imprisonment, commenting that "rebellious young people who, for whatever reason become revolutionaries, and voluntarily commit criminal acts will be punished".
Lawrence Edward Page (born March 26, 1973) is an American computer scientist and Internet entrepreneur who co-founded Google with Sergey Brin.
Mack "Truck" Turner (Hayes) is a former professional football player who becomes a Los Angeles-based bounty hunter after an injury. Truck visits his girlfriend, Annie (Annazette Chase), who is in jail and wants to leave LA when released. Truck and his partner Jerry Barnes go to collect their bounty from Nate Dinwiddie, a bail bondsman, who refers them to Fogarty (Dick Miller), a bail bondsman after a pimp who skipped bail named Gator.
The theoretical project of Inclusive Democracy—as distinguished from the political project on which the ID movement is based—emerged from the work of political philosopher, former academic and activist Takis Fotopoulos, in the book Towards An Inclusive Democracy, and was further developed by him and other writers in the journal Democracy & Nature and its successor The International Journal of Inclusive Democracy, an electronic journal published by the International Network for Inclusive Democracy. In other words, the theoretical project of ID is a project emerging in Political Philosophy and the History of ideas about social change (see e.g. Marxism, Social Ecology project, the autonomy project, the Inclusive Democracy project, etc.). On the other hand, the political project of ID (as any political project for social emancipation) is a project emerging in the History of social struggle (e.g. along socialist movement, autonomist movement, classical (direct) democracy movement, etc.).
Hart became the booker for World Class Championship Wrestling (WCCW; then known as Big Time Wrestling) in 1976, a position he held until January 1983, then again from 1986-1988. The years between 1982 and 1985 are considered to be the "Golden Years" of the promotion. Hart created the classic feud between the Von Erichs and the Fabulous Freebirds, as well as forming The Stable of H. & H. Ltd in 1982 with Arman Hussian that introduced characters (Bugsy McGraw, King Kong Bundy, Bill Irwin, Checkmate ,Killer Brooks & Ten Gu) thought he also managed the Great Muta, the One Man Gang and the Samoan Swat Team. Hart additionally managed talent such as "Gorgeous" Gino Hernandez and Gentleman Chris Adams. Along with booking, he also managed Nord the Barbarian, Abdullah The Butcher, Al Perez and Jeep Swenson under the stable "New Age Management".
He represented the Fiji sevens starting in 1996, until helping them to win the 1998 Hong Kong sevens. He was also part of the Fiji team to the 1998 Commonwealth Games where he was part of the silver winning team. He later played represented Suva in the Digicel Cup but missed three seasons while on peacekeeping duties in the Middle East. He also played his rugby in Japan. He missed most of the 2000-01 international seasons to play for his club in Brisbane, where he was based from 1996. He re-joined to the Test side for the RWC qualifiers in June 2002 and went to the 2003 Rugby World Cup but didn't play any game.
Hearst suffered a collapsed lung in prison (the beginning of a series of medical problems) and underwent emergency surgery, which prevented her from appearing to testify against the Harrises on eleven state charges including robbery, kidnapping and assault; she was also arraigned for those charges. Hearst, who was being held in solitary confinement for security reasons, was granted bail for an appeal in November 1976, on condition she was protected on bond. Dozens of bodyguards were hired by her father.
The former requires that basic macro–economic decisions have to be taken democratically, whereas the latter requires the individual to take important decisions affecting his/her own life (what work to do, what to consume, etc.). Both the macro–economic decisions and the individual citizens’ decisions are envisaged as being implemented through a combination of democratic planning and an artificial market. But, while in the ‘macro’ decisions the emphasis will be on planning, the opposite will be true as regards the individual decisions, where the emphasis will be on the artificial market.
On April 15, 1974, she was recorded on surveillance video wielding an M1 carbine while robbing the Sunset District branch of the Hibernia Bank at 1450 Noriega Street in San Francisco. Hearst announced herself under her pseudonym of Tania. Two men who entered the bank while the robbery was occurring were shot and wounded. According to later testimony at her trial, a witness thought Hearst had been several paces behind the others when running to the getaway car.
After enrolling in a computer science PhD program at Stanford University, Page was in search of a dissertation theme and considered exploring the mathematical properties of the World Wide Web, understanding its link structure as a huge graph—his supervisor, Terry Winograd, encouraged him to pursue the idea, and Page recalled in 2008 that it was the best advice he had ever received. He also considered doing research on telepresence and autonomous cars during this time.
Ike Clanton brought murder charges against the Earps and Doc Holliday. The Cowboys claimed the Earps had killed the outlaws as they attempted to surrender. During the Spicer hearing, the coroner and witnesses presented conflicting evidence about whether the Cowboys had their hands in the air or guns in their hands or were trying to draw their weapon when the fighting started.
MGM's special edition of the 1981 film was not released until 2003 because the original negative had disappeared. The workprint containing deleted scenes finally turned up in the Hutchinson, Kansas salt mine film depository. The excised scenes feature Snake Plissken robbing a bank, introducing the character of Plissken and establishing a backstory. Director John Carpenter decided to add the original scenes into the special edition release as an extra only: "After we screened the rough cut, we realized that the movie didn't really start until Snake got to New York. It wasn't necessary to show what sent him there." The film has been released on the UMD format for Sony's PlayStation Portable.
The lever tumbler lock uses a set of levers to prevent the bolt from moving in the lock. In its simplest form, lifting the tumbler above a certain height will allow the bolt to slide past. Lever locks are commonly recessed inside wooden doors or on some older forms of padlocks, including fire brigade padlocks.
As of 2000, there were 166 students in Leytron who came from another municipality, while 72 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
His approach to guitar playing has been noted as adding to the band's diverse sound. His style was also described as sounding as if he "played with metal files." Unlike the other members of the Cows, Thor was mostly influenced by the Blues, favoring such artists as Muddy Waters and The Rolling Stones. He was also known to bring hand-written notation into band practice.
Page led the acquisition of Android for $50 million in 2005 to fulfill his ambition to place handheld computers in the possession of consumers so that they could access Google from anywhere. The purchase was made without Schmidt's knowledge, but the CEO was not perturbed by the relatively small acquisition. Page became passionate about Android, and spent large amounts of time with Android CEO and cofounder Andy Rubin. By September 2008, T-Mobile launched the G1, the first phone using Android software and, by 2010, 17.2 percent of the handset market consisted of Android sales, overtaking Apple for the first time. Android became the world’s most popular mobile operating system shortly afterward.
Roy Scheider (1932-2008, class of 1950), actor most widely known for his leading roles in Jaws and The French Connection (for which he was nominated for an Academy Award).
Back in Dodge City, Holliday learns Kate has left him for Ringo, who taunts Holliday to a shootout and throws liquor on him. Holliday steadfastly refuses to fight him. Shanghai Pierce (Ted de Corsia) and his henchmen ride into town, wound deputy Charlie Bassett (Earl Holliman) and attack a dancehall, but Wyatt and Holliday hold the men and defuse the situation. As Ringo attempts to intervene, Holliday shoots him in the arm. Holliday returns to his room and Kate is waiting for him, but he refuses to take her back. She swears she will see him dead. By now, Wyatt and Laura have fallen in love, but when he receives a letter from his brother, Virgil, asking him to come clean up Tombstone, Arizona, she refuses to go with him unless he changes. Holliday catches up to Wyatt on the trail and both head to Tombstone.
Not completely happy with their temporary name, in the Summer of 1997, a sign caught Cito's eye, just outside the Freestate town of Kroonstad, pointing to a little town called "Wonderboom". In 2009, Danny de Wet left the band and was replaced by Garth McLeod, formerly of respected South African rock band Sugardrive. In 2013 Garth McLeod was killed in a motorcycle accident and was replaced by Jonathan Bell.
They say the 23rd, but I’ve been in this high-school-diploma program so I can get my high school diploma and you get milestone credits. And with these milestone credits you can earn six weeks, which means 42 days off. So if that goes through I should be getting out the beginning of July.
Al-Ziyarat al-Iraqiyya ila al-Hadarat al-Barzakhiyya bil-Imdadat al-Haqqaniyya wal-Suhbat al-Jiliyya (“Haqqani Visitation to the Sanctuaries of Iraq with Shaykh ‘Abd al-Qadir al-Jili al-Madani”). Bilingual.
According to Takis Fotopoulos, an artificial market "secures real freedom of choice, without incurring the adverse effects associated with real markets".
"To publish great newspapers that are successful and enduring. To create a quality work environment that encourages employees to grow professionally while respecting personal welfare. To have a positive impact on our communities and make them better places to live."
The disc tumbler lock or Abloy lock is composed of slotted rotating detainer discs. They are considered very secure and almost impossible to pick.
The school participates in a joint ice hockey program with Nutley High School as the host school / lead agency, under an agreement that expires at the end of the 2018-19 school year.
Les Ordons (995 m) is a mountain of the Jura, located north-east of the Col des Rangiers in the canton of Jura. It houses the Les Ordons Transmission Tower.
Some musical critics have regarded a number of Lee's projects as "challenging and experimental"; projects "pushing musical and performance boundaries". In April 2012, her musical saw playing came to the attention of Eric Clapton, resulting in a request to record her at British Grove Studios. Lee has performed in countries and venues in both the Northern and Southern hemisphere including some unorthodox and unconventional locations including Japanese temples, circus tents, waterfalls – and even special concerts for babies.
Stick Figure is collaborating with Mighty Tree in Denver, Colorado to promote Stick Figure Sour, a branded strain of the sativa-dominant Sour Diesel. Stick Figure Sour has also been released in Washington State and Colorado.
As of 2010, Leytron had an unemployment rate of 4.5%. As of 2008, there were 334 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 106 businesses involved in this sector. 207 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 24 businesses in this sector. 779 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 85 businesses in this sector. There were 1,086 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 44.0% of the workforce.
American Pickers premiered on History, formerly known as the History Channel, on January 18, 2010. As of September 8, 2010, it was the top rated non-fiction series of 2010 among total viewers and adults 25-54.
It was his third major work on the sociology of religion, after The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism and The Religion of China: Confucianism and Taoism. In this work he deals with the structure of Indian society, with the orthodox doctrines of Hinduism and the heterodox doctrines of Buddhism, with the changes wrought by popular religiosity and their influence on the secular ethic of Indian society.
Asmat Regency is one of the regencies (kabupaten) in the southern portion of Papua Province of Indonesia. It was split off from Merauke Regency (of which it had been a part) on 12 November 2002. Asmat Regency consists of an area of 31,983.69 km2, and had a population of 76,577 at the 2010 Census; the latest official estimate (as at January 2014) is 94,227, mostly from the Asmat ethnic group. The administrative centre of the regency is the town of Agats.
Birds are the main dispersal agents of the seeds, consuming the fruit during their fall migration. In Alaska, bunchberry is an important forage plant for mule deer, black-tailed deer and moose, which consume it throughout the growing season.
Osiecka was born in Warsaw, the only child of Wiktor Osiecki, a Serbian-born pianist and composer, and a scholar Maria Sztechman of Serbian-Vlach descent. She spent her early years in Zakopane where her father played the piano at the Watra Restaurant. After World War II the Osiecki family moved to Warsaw and settled in the Saska Kępa borough. The small flat soon became Osiecka’s favourite place to work. She lived there almost her entire life and a commemorative plaque has been placed on the building by the Okularnicy Foundation.
The Sacramento News & Review (SN&R), founded in 1989, is the largest of the three News & Review papers, with a cumulative readership of roughly 330,000 people, according to the Winter 2015 Media Audit Report, run by International Demographics. The founding editor was Melinda Welsh; the paper's current editor is Eric Johnson.
A keycard lock operates with a flat card using the same dimensions as a credit card or US and EU driver's license. In order to open the door, one needs to successfully match the signature within the keycard.
Confederal allocation of resources is required because, although self-reliance allows many decisions to be made at the community level, much remains to be decided at the regional/national/supra-national level. However, it is delegates (rather than representatives) with specific mandates from the demotic assemblies who are involved in a confederal demotic planning process which, in combination with the proposed system of vouchers, effects the allocation of resources in a confederal inclusive democracy.
Al-Arba’un fi Fadli al-Shami wa-Ahlih wal-Hijrati ila Allahi wa-Rasulih (“The Excellence of Syro-Palestine and Its People in Emigrating to Allah and His Prophet: 40 Hadith”) Bilingual.
Tim Heath (c), Murali Mohan Rao (vc), Nand Lal Riar, Siva Arunachalam, Rana Rahman, Vineeth Govind, Peter van Buuren, Mike Tiffin, Marko Vaik (+), Kalle Vislapuu, Mart Tammoja, Remo Raud, Mario Tammoja Sasha Ruut
Riley Hawk, son of professional skateboarder and company owner Tony Hawk, joined the Baker team in 2012 after riding for his father's company, Birdhouse.
Each flower has highly elastic petals that flip backward, releasing springy filaments that are cocked underneath the petals. The filaments snap upward flinging pollen out of containers hinged to the filaments. This motion takes place in less than half a millisecond and the pollen experiences two to three thousand times the force of gravity. The Bunchberry has one of the fastest plant actions found so far requiring a camera capable of shooting 10,000 frames per second to catch the action.
Coburn's third film was a major breakthrough for him - as the knife-wielding Britt in The Magnificent Seven (1960), directed by John Sturges for the Mirisch Company. Coburn was hired through the intervention of his friend, Robert Vaughn.
The first awards were held in both London and Paris, with the first ceremony taking place in the historic One Whitehall Place in London in 2014. The second ceremony took place at the iconic Hilton Paris Opera.
Between 1961 and 1963, Wright spent time in India coaching the Indian youth team in preparation for the 1963 AFC Youth Championship in Malaya. Wright then inherited Syed Abdul Rahim's side to become the first foreign coach of the India national football team after Rahim died in 1963. Wright was tasked with taking his side to the 1964 AFC Asian Cup. They finished as runners-up to hosts Israel in the round-robin tournament, which to-date remains the best achievement in Indian professional football.
Coburn became a genuine star following the release of the James Bond parody film Our Man Flint (1966), playing super agent Derek Flint for Fox. The movie was a solid success at the box office.
Jeremiah Chubb patented his detector lock in 1818. It won him the reward offered by the Government for a lock that could not be opened by any but its own key.
Joystick is also thought to be a bisexual. During Civil War, The Thunderbolts took on a group of college kids that had stolen M.A.C.H. IV's old suits of armor. After hearing Radioactive Man reference that one of them was a woman, Joystick tries to open up the armor stating "Buddha said it's a chick in here... Just wanted to see if she was cute..."
Minnesota tried again in 1891, authorizing a state park around Lake Itasca both for its recreational opportunities and to protect the source of the Mississippi River. Interstate Park on the St. Croix River was created in 1895. Other sites were added over the next two decades, but with an inconsistent vision. Modest tracts of scenic land were acquired in Minneopa and Jay Cooke State Parks, but much effort was also expended on creating historical monuments relating to the Dakota War of 1862 and the Great Hinckley Fire. Moreover, most of the sites were being administered by the state auditor, who had many other duties. Itasca State Park, meanwhile, was being administered as a state forest. In 1923, state auditor Ray P. Chase excoriated this situation, calling for wiser selection of park lands and a dedicated commissioner. Chase's comments had an impact, and two years later the Department of Conservation was created to manage the state's natural resources, including the state parks. Originally part of the forestry division, the state parks received their own division in 1935 to take advantage of federal programs such as the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC). In 1971, the department became the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources.
Kris Hanna (born 1962) is an Australian politician, and former member for Mitchell in the South Australian House of Assembly from 1997 until 2010. Originally elected as a member of the Australian Labor Party, Hanna joined the SA Greens in 2003 before becoming an independent member in 2006.
General Leonardo Gallitelli (born 9 June 1948, Taranto) is an Italian general and politician. He served as Commander of the Carabinieri from June 2009 to January 15, 2015.
Page is the chief executive officer (CEO) of Google's parent company, Alphabet Inc. After stepping aside as Google CEO in August 2001, in favor of Eric Schmidt, he re-assumed the role in April 2011. He announced his intention to step aside a second time in July 2015 to become CEO of Alphabet, under which Google's assets would be reorganized. Under Page, Alphabet is seeking to deliver major advancements in a variety of industries.
In Europe the genus is represented by a single species, the classically named holly Ilex aquifolium, and in continental Africa by this species and (Ilex mitis). Ilex canariensis, from Macaronesia, and Ilex aquifolium arose from a common ancestor in the laurel forests of the Mediterranean. Australia, isolated at an early period, has (Ilex arnhemensis). Of 204 species growing in China, 149 species are endemic. A species which stands out for its economic importance in Spanish-speaking countries is Ilex paraguariensis or Yerba mate. Having evolved numerous species that are endemic to islands and small mountain ranges, and being highly useful plants, many hollies are now becoming rare.
Douglas played for the Iraqi national team until 1978 and retired from playing a year later. He went on to coach at Al-Shurta and in his first season in charge, led the club to their first ever league title in 1979-1980. He continued to coach the club's youth teams after stepping down as head coach in 1983, but was renamed coach of the first team in 1985.
Estonia in May 2011 competed in the European T20 Division 3 Championships in Slovenia, where after all matches were completed, finished as runners-up to a highly experienced Swedish National Team.
Alfred Charles Hobbs demonstrated the inadequacy of several respected locks of the time in 1851 at The Great Exhibition, and popularized the practice of full disclosure.
In 2011, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation commissioned Watt to produce a site-specific artwork for their Seattle campus. The work, entitled Blanket Stories: Matriarch, Guardian and Seven Generations, is a 14-foot column of wool blankets from all over the world and is located in the building's lobby. Describing how the materials fit this specific location, Watt wrote, "It's the first column I've made with the explicit goal of collecting and integrating blankets from around the world, echoing the Foundation's global mission; the column will be constructed of reclaimed blankets and reclaimed cedar, in resonance with the campus' goal of attaining LEED Gold certification."
The Agnieszka Osiecka Okularnicy Foundation was founded by her daughter shortly after the poet's death. The Okularnicy Foundation promotes Osiecka’s work, runs the Poet's Archive, organizes the annual singing competition „Let us Remember Agnieszka Osiecka“, manages the Internet archive, and publishes books.
In 1999 Reynolds left Birdhouse Skateboards and started Baker Skateboards along with other professional skateboarders from Stereo, Zero, and other companies. In 2007, the skateboard deck brand signed a distribution deal with Blitz Distribution, the company that, at the time, was distributing Birdhouse and other brands, such as Fury and Hook-Ups (Blitz had originally been formed by Per Welinder and Hawk to distribute their own products). As of 2008, the brand was the top-selling brand under the Blitz Distribution umbrella. In regard to the original Baker logo, Reynolds has credited the design to Strickland and stated that it represented a motley company that consisted of talented skateboarders.
Kaplan says the film was written for Lee Marvin, Robert Mitchum, or Ernest Borgnine. "Larry Gordon at AIP said, "Well, we can't get any of them so now it's a black picture." Isaac Hayes was cast and that's how that came about."
In 1989, he stepped down as coach of Al-Shurta to work full-time as assistant to Under-19s coach Bill Asprey. Douglas was also assistant coach to Ammo Baba in the national team set-up from 1983–1984.
After leaving WCW, Hart returned to Texas and began a new wrestling promotion in North Dallas, the Texas Wrestling Federation, which showcased many former stars of World Class and those who are competing in the USWA/World Class promotion.
Lee was given a full scholarship to attend Chetham's School of Music (along with her two sisters Song-a and Hae-a) in Manchester at the age of nine. In 1988, she was then awarded a full-scholarship place to study with the late Harvey Shapiro at the Juilliard School in New York where she graduated with a bachelor's degree in 1992. Lee returned to New York in 2007, to play a recital at Carnegie Hall as part of a piano trio with her sister Songa and pianist Louise Thomas.
Upon reaching adolescence, Reynolds was able to learn guitar and electric bass guitar, so he could perform in the family's local Church choir three times a week, with the secret added bonus that he was able to begin experimenting with learning what eventually became second nature; adding riffs infused with rock and roll, funk and soul music by the age of twelve. Upon graduation from high school, he moved away from home, and after moving from the Midwestern States, landed in Charlottesville, Virginia, finding jazz, jazz fusion, and experimental music enthusiasts there. Reynolds found the college town a more welcoming environment for him to branch out musically there than in any of his previous homes, and added to his experimentation other musical influences to his repertoire, including sixties psychedelic rock, citing some of his early influences as Jimi Hendrix, Carlos Santana and Led Zeppelin.
Chico Beer Week is another annual event celebrating craft beer in Chico and is coordinated with local breweries, bars, restaurants and retailers responsible for the area's local craft-beer scene.
Kent continued to publish his Australian Music Report on a weekly basis until 1996. In 1993, Kent collated his charts into a book, Australian Chart Book, 1970–1992. He followed with Australian Chart Book (1940–1969) in 2005, Australian Chart Book (1993–2005) in 2006, and The Australian top 20 book (1940–2006) in 2007.
The ID project introduced a very different conception from the usual one of economic democracy. According to the ID project, economic democracy is the authority of demos (community) in the economic sphere—which requires equal distribution of economic power. Therefore, all 'macro' economic decisions, namely, decisions concerning the running of the economy as a whole (overall level of production, consumption and investment, amounts of work and leisure implied, technologies to be used, etc.) are made by the citizen body collectively and without representation. However, "micro" economic decisions at the workplace or the household levels are made by the individual production or consumption unit through a proposed system of vouchers.
The Roman road between northern and southern Roman Wales, Sarn Helen, probably ran through the village; the terrace of houses known as Pensarn (head of the causeway) may be a reference to it.
More was needed. The old Columbia School could no longer safely accommodate the student population. A magnificent new structure was planned. The design process was unique in that the faculty and all members of the staff participated by submitting sketches, drawn to scale, of the facilities necessary to satisfy their needs. In 1926 construction began on the present Columbia High School building. Work was completed in September 1927, in time for the fall term. So well designed was this building that two years later its floor plan was described and pictured in the Encyclopædia Britannica in an article describing ideal American schools.
Although often associated with Komsomol, shock construction projects in more general term also included the Great Construction Projects of Communism.
The Estonian cricket team represents the nation of Estonia in international cricket competitions. Granted affiliate status in June 2008, Estonian cricket relies upon the support of touring sides from Britain and other European nations to get matches to play. In the 2007 season they won over 80% of all their games and in 2008 they won 94% of their games (34 out of 36).
Haddad is a staunch defender of the traditional Islamic schools of law and an opponent of Salafism-Wahhabism. He has published a complete translation of Qadi Ibn Jahbal al-Dimashqi's refutation of Ibn Taymiyya's Al-`Aqidat al-Hamawiyat al-Kubra ("The creed of the great people of Hama") as well as a primer on contemporary Salafism titled Albani and his Friends. He has criticized the Islamic Circle of North America (ICNA), the Islamic Society of North America (ISNA), and the World Assembly of Muslim Youth for promoting Salafism. He has also written a critique of Deobandi scholar Mufti Taqi Usmani's fatwa against the celebration of Muhammad's birthday (Mawlid).
Proposed within Inclusive Democracy as a solution to the problem of maintaining freedom of choice for the consumer within a marketless and moneyless economy, an artificial market operates in much the same way as traditional markets, but uses labour vouchers or personal credit in place of traditional money. Because of the use of a labour voucher system in consumption of goods and services, an economy using an artificial market would have no actual flow of money and thus the only kind of market that could exist would be a market for commercial goods and services, eliminating capital markets and labour markets.
In 2014, BOOM! Studios began publishing an Escape From New York comic book by writer, Christopher Sebela. The first issue of the series was released on December 3, 2014 and the story picks up moments after the end of the film.
At the same time, pupil behavior was becoming less inhibited, much to the distress of the adult population. Henry W. Foster, Superintendent of the District from 1900–1927, described the conditions in 1913: "Long before prohibition was adopted, venturesome boys were surreptitiously now and then bringing liquor to dances to add to the excitement. There was a decided reversion to animalistic excitement. Musical rhythm from the wilds of barbarism stirred the pulse. The dance abandoned the restraint and refinement of waltz and polka; Bunny Hug, Turkey Trot, Fox Trot, and Shimmey began to reign."
In 2008, Reynolds once again joined Dave Matthews Band for the recording Big Whiskey and the Groogrux King with producer Rob Cavallo. It was Reynolds's first recording collaboration with Matthews since 2003's Some Devil and his first with the Dave Matthews Band since 1998's Before These Crowded Streets.
With Facebook's influence rapidly expanding during the start of Page's second tenure, he finally responded to the intensive competition with Google's own social network, Google+, in mid-2011. After several delays, the social network was released through a very limited field test and was led by Vic Gundotra, Google's then senior vice president of social.
The film was a big hit and earned $4.7 million on its first run and $6 million on re-release. Its Dimitri Tiomkin score, featuring the song "Gunfight at the O.K. Corral", with lyrics by Ned Washington, sung by Frankie Laine, pushes the movie's momentum relentlessly throughout.
Under Schmidt's leadership, Google underwent a period of major growth and expansion, which included its initial public offering (IPO) on August 20, 2004. However, he always acted in consultation with Page and Brin when he embarked on initiatives such as the hiring of an executive team and the creation of a sales force management system. Furthermore, Page remained the boss at Google in the eyes of the employees, as he gave final approval on all new hires and it was Page who provided the signature for the IPO, the latter making him a billionaire at the age of thirty.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 42.45% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (29.2%), the SVP (17.07%) and the SP (5.72%). In the federal election, a total of 1,149 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 65.2%.
The modern church of Notre-Dame du Val, built in 1997 by the architectural office Gonot-Marcenat. Fully made with modern components, the dome is in natural copper. The location is at 33, boulevard Thibaud-de-Champagne.
Alexandre Desplat will compose the movie score. The crew includes Catherine Marchand as the costume designer, Anthony Dod Mantle as the director of photography, Thierry Flamand as the production designer and Valdis Oskardottir as the film’s editor.
Alba was born on February 5, 1991 in the capital city of Paraguay. Her parents are César Riquelme and Mabel Valenzuela. She has four siblings. In 2009 she finished high school at Trinity School in Luque, Greater Asunción, then she continues her studies at Universidad Americana with a major in public relations.
Hearst has appeared in feature films for director John Waters, who cast her in Cry-Baby, Serial Mom, Pecker, A Dirty Shame, and Cecil B. DeMented. With Cordelia Frances Biddle, Hearst collaborated on the writing of a novel titled Murder at San Simeon (Scribner, 1996), based upon the death of Thomas H. Ince on her grandfather's yacht.
Kennedy led A&M to its first conference title in 30 years when he shared the SEC crown with Kentucky in 2015-16. The Aggies also made the SEC Tournament final before losing to Kentucky in overtime. For his efforts, Kennedy was given a new 5-year contract. Coach Kennedy's squad that year also orchestrated arguably the greatest come-from-behind victory ever in both college and professional basketball history by overcoming a 12 point deficit in the final 44 seconds of the Second Round of the 2016 NCAA tournament. A&M would tie up the game before finally defeating Northern Iowa in double overtime in order to advance to the Sweet 16 against the University of Oklahoma.
On 2 March 2016, Matthias Schoenaerts was announced in the cast, reteaming with Vinterberg after Far from the Madding Crowd (2015). Colin Firth joined the cast on 26 May 2016. Léa Seydoux joined the cast on 7 February 2017, in the role of Tanya, the wife of Mikhail Kalekov, a Russian Navy captain-lieutenant played by Matthias Schoenaerts. Rachel McAdams was once in talks for the role of Tanya. Deadline.com also reported that Firth will play David Russell, a British naval commander who goes against Russia’s warnings so he can try to save the men on the Kursk.
The current village church was constructed on the location of a medieval church. François de la Rosque, parish priest, member of the lord of Bussy’s family, celebrated the consecration of the church in 1580. The construction was finished in 1595 and the baptism of the three bells followed on August 22, 1600: Louise, in reference to the foundation of the St-Louis chapel, Isabelle, first name of the wife of Louis Guibert, and Georges, patron saint of the parish. The church was restored in 19th century and, at the request of the inhabitants who were disappointed for not hearing the Angélus, the bell tower was raised in 1866 to the current height of 32 meters. The church became public property in 1905. Under the porch of the monument there is an 18th-century gravestone. It covered the body of abbot Duchesne buried in the chancel of the church. Inside, the body and the transept have a refined ogival style. The beams hold a painted vault in arch. On the right side, there is a Saint-Georges sculpture. On the left is a chapel, probably for the translation of relics in 1431, given to the parish of Bussy-Saint-Georges by the abott Duchesne, restored in 1904 thanks to a group of the Visitation of the Virgin. The baptistery has a renaissance underbody and the washbowl of ceremony is decorated with four angel’s heads. We can also notice an embedded stone font on the left of the entrance.
The Palace skateboard brand, which won the "Brand of the Year" award at Europe's Brighton Trade Show in January 2012, announced a distribution deal with Bakerboys in July 2014. The video appeared on the "PWBC News" series that Palace produces.
Sutcliffe's legacy is the booming fetish clothing industry in Britain, Germany, the USA and many other parts of the world, the wide range of fetish events, such as the yearly Rubber Ball in the UK, and the large numbers of people who enjoy dressing up in exciting ways without fear of prosecution.
In the 1870s, many women across Minnesota organized local women's suffrage groups. In 1875, the Minnesota legislature recognized women's right to vote in school board elections. However, many women wanted to vote in all elections. Seeing the need for a statewide agency, fourteen women formed the MWSA in Hastings in 1881. The Minnesota chapter was affiliated with the National American Woman Suffrage Association (NAWSA). Among the founders of the MWSA were Harriet Bishop and Sarah Burger Stearns. Stearns became the organization's first president. By 1882, the MWSA had grown to two hundred members. In 1885, MWSA-president Martha Ripley convinced NAWSA to hold their annual meeting in Minnesota. This national event demonstrated the importance of the Minnesota chapter to the larger organization. It also drew the attention of Minnesota's male lawmakers.
Brave 1 was originally supposed to be headlined by the welterweight bout between Lebanon's Mohammad Fakhreddine and Brazil's Thiago "Monstro" Vieira. Six days before the fight, though, Fakhreddine suffered a knee injury and pulled from the fight, being replaced by Russia's Gadzhimusa Gaziev. Gaziev vs Vieira was then moved to the co-main event position on the fight card, with Abdul Kareem Al-Selwady vs Rami Aziz becoming the new main event of the evening.
The SLA was formed through contacts made by a study group, coordinated by a University of California, Berkeley, professor. Its purpose was the tutelage of black inmates, and over time the ethos became increasingly radicalized. Eventually, black convicts were viewed as heroic political prisoners, victimised by a racist American society.
According to Hearst's testimony, her captors had demanded she appear enthusiastic during the robbery and warned she would pay with her life for any mistake. Her defense lawyer F. Lee Bailey provided photographs showing that SLA members including Camilla Hall had pointed guns at Hearst during the robbery.
Danielle Colby (born December 3, 1975) is an American reality television personality who co-stars on the History reality television show American Pickers.
Trey Walker, the field director for John McCain's 2000 presidential campaign, spoofed Shealy's email in 2002, when Larry Richter, Shealy's candidate for Attorney General was running against Walker's candidate, Henry McMaster. Walker sent an email that looked as if it came from one of Shealy's publications and contained allegations of a land deal between a drug dealer and Richter.
Te Retimana Te Korou (?–1882) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader. Of Māori descent, he identified with the Ngati Kahungunu and Rangitane iwi.
The earliest patent for a double-acting pin tumbler lock was granted to American physician Abraham O. Stansbury in England in 1805, but the modern version, still in use today, was invented by American Linus Yale, Sr. in 1848. This lock design used pins of varying lengths to prevent the lock from opening without the correct key. In 1861, Linus Yale, Jr. was inspired by the original 1840s pin-tumbler lock designed by his father, thus inventing and patenting a smaller flat key with serrated edges as well as pins of varying lengths within the lock itself, the same design of the pin-tumbler lock which still remains in use today. The modern Yale lock is essentially a more developed version of the Egyptian lock.
Johnson joined Mies van der Rohe as the New York associate architect for the 39-story Seagram Building (1956). Johnson was pivotal in steering the commission towards Mies by working with Phyllis Lambert, the daughter of the CEO of Seagram. The commission resulted in the iconic bronze-and-glass tower on Park Avenue. The building was designed by Mies.The interiors of the Four Seasons and Brasserie restaurants were designed by Johnson
Virtually nothing is known of the past of Janice before she first appeared as Joystick, including the origin and nature of her apparent superhuman powers. When she was much younger, her father, a gambler, taught her his philosophy to 'always have a card to play'. She then used this philosophy to great advantage when she helped a mobster rob her father to save her own life. Later, she was a student at the University of Arizona, living a life she later considered to be a bore. After her sophomore year, something happened to change her, apparently resulting in her death; in her "new life," she became determined to live life on the edge, and began taking extreme risks. She then disappeared for three years before reappearing as Joystick.
In 1941, at the age of 35, Johnson abandoned politics and journalism and enrolled in the Harvard Graduate School of Design, where he studied with Marcel Breuer and Walter Gropius. In 1941, Johnson designed and actually built his first building, a house still existing at 9 Ash Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The house, strongly influenced by Mies van der Rohe, has a wall around the lot which merges with the structure. After the United States entered World War II in December 1941, Johnson enlisted in the Army. He was investigated by the FBI for his contacts with the German government and his support for Coughlin, who opposed American intervention in the war, but he was cleared for service and entered the army. He spent his army service during the war in the United States.
Plants in this genus have simple, alternate glossy leaves, frequently with a spiny leaf margin. The inconspicuous flower is greenish white, with four petals. They are generally dioecious, with male and female flowers on different plants.
Mainstream Newspapers, R.I.P., 1996: Cover story predicting the decline of daily newspapers by 2006, a prediction which has largely come true
On March 20, 1976, Hearst was convicted of bank robbery and using a firearm during the commission of a felony. She was given the maximum sentence possible of 35 years' imprisonment pending a reduction at final sentence hearing, which Carter declined to specify.
Advocates of Participism and Parecon in particular reject markets in all forms in favour of democratic participatory planning. While Parecon also uses personal credit in place of money, prices are set according to the direct requests of consumers in democratic "consumer councils" whose demands are relayed to economic facilitation boards who determine and set final prices based on a combination of marginal utility and opportunity cost. On the other hand, as Fotopoulos argues, "no kind of economic organisation based on planning alone, however democratic and decentralized it is, can secure real self-management and freedom of choice."
They have recently had several of our members complete & pass the ICC development course for Umpiring & also for Scoring both courses completed are for level 1.
Giorgos Katsikas (Greek: Γιώργος Κατσικάς; born 14 June 1990) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a central defender for Romanian club Dinamo București.
According to Arran Gare, Towards an Inclusive Democracy "offers a powerful new interpretation of the history and destructive dynamics of the market and provides an inspiring new vision of the future in place of both neo-liberalism and existing forms of socialism". David Freeman argues that Fotopoulos' approach in that book "is not openly anarchism, yet anarchism seems the formal category within which he works, given his commitment to direct democracy, municipalism and abolition of state, money and market economy".
In May 1974, a surplus store manager observed a minor spur-of-the-moment theft by William Harris who had been shopping with Emily Harris, while Hearst waited across the road in a van. Accompanied by a female employee, the manager followed him out and confronted him. During the ensuing scuffle one of Harris's wrists was restrained, and his pistol fell out of his waistband. Hearst, who had been taught to use guns by her father, discharged the entire magazine of an automatic carbine into the overhead storefront, causing the manager to dive behind a lightpost. When he tried to shoot back with the pistol, Hearst, now firing single shots with another weapon, brought her fire closer, blasting fragments around him and holing the light post.
Truck Turner (also known as Black Bullet) is a 1974 blaxploitation film, starring Isaac Hayes and Yaphet Kotto, and directed by Jonathan Kaplan. The screenplay was written by Michael Allin, Jerry Wilkes, and Oscar Williams. Hayes also scored the music for the soundtrack. The film was released by American International Pictures as a double feature with Foxy Brown.
Escaping from the area, Hearst and the Harrises hijacked two cars, abducting the owners. One, a young man, found Hearst so personable that he was reluctant to report the incident. At the trial he testified to her having discussed the effectiveness of cyanide-tipped bullets, and repeatedly asking if he was okay. Police had surrounded their main base by the time they made their way back and on May 17, 1974, the six SLA members inside died in a gunfight. It was at first thought that Hearst had also perished. Subsequently her father publicly worried that she might be killed in revenge; to allay his fears, the abduction victim gave police a more complete account and a warrant was issued for Hearst's arrest for several felonies, including two counts of kidnapping.
From the 2000 census, 1,958 or 92.0% were Roman Catholic, while 83 or 3.9% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. Of the rest of the population, there were 4 members of an Orthodox church (or about 0.19% of the population), and there were 12 individuals (or about 0.56% of the population) who belonged to another Christian church. There were 20 (or about 0.94% of the population) who were Islamic. There were 1 individual who belonged to another church. 48 (or about 2.26% of the population) belonged to no church, are agnostic or atheist, and 6 individuals (or about 0.28% of the population) did not answer the question.
Cornus canadensis is a mesophytic species that needs cool, moist soils. It inhabits montane and boreal coniferous forests, where it is found growing along the margins of moist woods, on old tree stumps, in mossy areas, and amongst other open and moist habitats.
A wafer tumbler lock is similar to the pin tumbler lock and works on a similar principle. However, unlike the pin lock (where each pin consists of two or more pieces) each wafer is a single piece. The wafer tumbler lock is often incorrectly referred to as a disc tumbler lock, which uses an entirely different mechanism. The wafer lock is relatively inexpensive to produce and is often used in automobiles and cabinetry.
On December 11,2007, Woodruff released his first album The Sound of My Addiction under Ruffwood Records. Founded by Scott Woodruff, Ruffwood Records released all of Woodruff’s albums to date. The Sound of My Addiction established Stick Figure’s style of self-production. Woodruff created this album by "recording instruments individually, [and] layering tracks on top of one another in unison", a style he used to create subsequent albums.
Aberllefenni was the terminus of the narrow gauge Corris Railway, which carried slate from the quarries for transshipment at Machynlleth. Aberllefenni Station (now demolished) was used as the basis for Glennock Station on the fictional Skarloey Railway and can be seen illustrated in the book Four Little Engines.
In the war years, Wright played at Layer Road, the ground of his future club Colchester United alongside his future manager Ted Fenton while playing for an Eastern Command side. Having also played for Southern League side Chelmsford City, Wright signed for Essex rivals Colchester United on 11 July 1946. Despite playing 23 times for Colchester, the club initially decided to not retain Wright for the 1947–48 season, but a month later, a change of heart saw Wright re-sign. In his second season, he helped Colchester reach the fifth round of the FA Cup, but within weeks of the beginning of the 1948–49 season, Wright had suffered an injury that saw him lose his place to Ken Whitehead. His attempted comeback on 23 April 1949 against Merthyr Tydfil ended early due to injury, meaning Colchester were forced to play forward Vic Keeble in goal. It would be his final appearance for the club. He made 69 appearances for Colchester in all competitions.
During the 1910s, the movement picked up momentum again. In 1914, Clara Ueland - who would later become the MWSA's president in 1915 - organized a parade through Minneapolis of over 2000 suffrage supporters. This event gave the movement renewed attention. During this period, the MWSA had to contend with a rival organization, a Minnesota branch of the National Woman's Party (NWP). The NWP was more radical than the MWSA. It was much more likely to take direct action, such as hunger strikes, than the MWSA. Despite these differences in opinion, the two organizations often worked together.
One production OJ-2 modified with NACA cowling and enclosed cockpit; later reverted back to the standard OJ-2 configuration and returned to service.
Tofig Ismayilov Kazym oglu (Azerbaijani: Tofiq İsmayılov Kazım oğlu; June 21, 1933 – November 20, 1991) was born in Baku, Azerbaijan and served as the first Secretary of State of Azerbaijan.
A smart lock is an electromechanics lock that gets instructions to lock and unlock the door from an authorized device using a cryptographic key and wireless protocol. Smart locks have begun to be used more commonly in residential areas, often controlled with smartphones. Smart locks are used in coworking spaces and offices to enable keyless office entry.
After the release of Burial Ground in 2012, Woodruff organized a live band which then went on tour with reggae band The Green starting in September 2012. This tour included eighteen stops along the East Coast of the United States.
Mount Hope is a historic home located near New Baltimore, Fauquier County, Virginia. The house was built in four periods from the early-19th to early-20th centuries. The main dwelling is a 2 ½-story, three-bay, frame dwelling on a stone foundation and in the Greek Revival style. It features a double-story porch with a hipped roof and square wooden columns. Also on the property are the contributing bank barn, a machine shed, a smokehouse, and a spring house dating from the 19th century; an early-20th-century shed; a well; and the Hunton Family cemetery.
Patricia Campbell Hearst (born February 20, 1954), granddaughter of American publishing magnate William Randolph Hearst, became internationally known for events following her 1974 kidnapping by a group known as the Symbionese Liberation Army. Hearst was found nineteen months after being abducted, by which time she was a fugitive wanted for serious crimes. She was held in custody, despite speculation that her family's resources would prevent her from spending time in jail. At her trial, the prosecution suggested that she had joined the Symbionese Liberation Army of her own volition. Hearst said she had been raped and threatened with death. She was found guilty of bank robbery. Hearst's sentence was commuted by President Jimmy Carter, and she was pardoned by President Bill Clinton.
Johnson's publicly held archive, including architectural drawings, project records, and other papers up until 1964 are held by the Drawings and Archives Department of Avery Architectural and Fine Arts Library at Columbia University, the Getty, and the Museum of Modern Art.
He was a member of the Greek U-21 team that participated in the 2009 Mediterranean Games and he played in the matches against Syria, Italy and Turkey.
Epstein was shut out of the Cabinet by Premier Darrell Dexter when the NDP first formed government in June 2009. He was shut out of Cabinet a second time when Dexter shuffled his cabinet on May 30, 2012.
Clark's music in the 1970s was described as "electro-psychedelic glam-rock" and "unique fusion of wild 60s-style experimentalism and proto-new wave synth-freakery." His early influences included the 1960s psychedelic rock of The Mothers Of Invention, The Doors, The Electric Prunes, Jimi Hendrix, and especially the early adopters of analog synthesizers such as The United States of America, Lothar and the Hand People, and Silver Apples, while he was also attuned to the sounds of the proto punk rock scene, such as The Seeds, The Music Machine, The Velvet Underground, The MC5, and The Stooges.
The necessary condition for the establishment of a political democracy involves the creation of appropriate institutions, which secure an equal distribution of political power among all citizens. All political decisions (including those relating to the formation and execution of laws) are taken by the citizen body collectively and without representation.The citizen body of a particular geographical area consists of all residents beyond a certain age of maturity and irrespective of their gender, race, ethnic or cultural identity. The age of maturity is to be defined by the citizen body itself.
In 2015, the World Branding Forum sponsored the education programme at the Museum of Brands, Packaging & Advertising, enabling the museum to provide quality learning experiences to students attending education sessions in the museum each year. In 2014, the museum had over 10,000 students attending sessions.
During an interview, Page recalled his childhood, noting that his house "was usually a mess, with computers, science and technology magazines and Popular Science magazines all over the place", an environment in which he immersed himself. Page was an avid reader during his youth, writing in his 2013 Google founders letter: "I remember spending a huge amount of time pouring over books and magazines". According to writer Nicholas Carlson, the combined influence of Page's home atmosphere and his attentive parents "fostered creativity and invention". Page also played saxophone and studied music composition while growing up. Page has mentioned that his musical education inspired his impatience and obsession with speed in computing. "In some sense I feel like music training led to the high-speed legacy of Google for me". In an interview Page said that "In music you're very cognizant of time. Time is like the primary thing" and that "If you think about it from a music point of view, if you're a percussionist, you hit something, it's got to happen in milliseconds, fractions of a second".
Marie Watt (born 1967) is a contemporary artist living and working in Portland, Oregon. Part Seneca, Watt has created work in many different media centered on contemporary Native American themes.
In 2006 Hamilton started playing sporadic acoustic concerts around the Philadelphia area billed as "Tom Hamilton's American Babies", mainly as a way to stay occupied between Brothers Past tours. As the internal relationships in Brothers Past disintegrated and his musical tastes changed Hamilton focused more on acoustic oriented music and decided to make a new band geared towards his new muse. American Babies was formed in 2007 and soon after they released a self-titled album. This was followed by their sophomore release Flawed Logic in 2011 and third album Knives and Teeth on October 15, 2013. In 2016, American Babies released their forth album, An Epic Battle Between Light & Dark. Tom described the record as a discussion of both what it is like to experience depression and what it takes to maintain hope while in the midst of it.
In 1936, in the depths of the Great Depression, he left the Museum of Modern Art for a brief venture into journalism and politics. For a time he supported the extreme populist Governor of Louisiana Huey Long and Father Charles Coughlin, and traveled to Berlin as a correspondent for Coughlin's radically populist and often anti-Semitic newspaper Social Justice. In the newspaper, Johnson expressed, as the New York Times later reported, "more than passing admiration for Hitler" Johnson observed the Nuremberg Rallies in Germany and, sponsored by the German government, covered the invasion of Poland in 1939. Many years later he told his biographer, Franz Shultze, “You simply could not fail to be caught up in the excitement of it, by the marching songs, by the crescendo and climax of the whole thing, as Hitler came on at last to harangue the crowd,” and told of being thrilled at the sight of “all those blond boys in black leather” marching past the Führer. In his 1994 biography of Johnson, Schultze wrote: " In politics he proved to be a model of futility. He was never much of a political threat to anyone, still less an effective doer of either political good or political evil."
Her various enemies include Batroc's Brigade (Batroc, Machete, Maximillian Zaran), Green Goblin (Phil Urich), Justin Hammer, HYDRA, Kaine, Shannon, Polestar, the Rhino, Spider-Man/Scarlet Spider (Ben Reilly), El Toro Negro, and Tremolo.
After the Civil War, improvements on the railroad contributed to a decided growth of population in the old Township of South Orange. The general character of the citizenry underwent a significant change and residents known as "commuters" began to emerge in numbers. In 1867, a state law required that Columbia become a graded school. By 1877, the old two-story wooden building erected in 1815 was found to be woefully inadequate for the growing community. One resident complained that "in very cold weather, with stoves at red heat, it is impossible to raise the temperature in the room above 55 degrees, and in such a place are sown the seeds of suffering, disease and death."
Soliciting funds from faculty members, family and friends, Brin and Page scraped together enough to buy some servers and rent that famous garage in Menlo Park. ... [soon after], Sun Microsystems co-founder Andy Bechtolsheim wrote a $100,000 check to "Google, Inc." The only problem was, "Google, Inc." did not yet exist—the company hadn't yet been incorporated. For two weeks, as they handled the paperwork, the young men had nowhere to deposit the money."
2007 saw the formation of the Estonian cricket league, which consists of four Tallinn-based teams who compete in a round-robin format. Players who are members of the Estonian Cricket League are eligible to be selected for the national side. 2007 and 2008 saw a victory for Kalev CC captained by Andres Burget.
The state park system includes nine waysides, most of them along Minnesota State Highway 61 on the North Shore. These are parcels of land too small to be full-fledged parks, but with cultural or natural resources greater than would be overseen by the Minnesota Department of Transportation as highway waysides. Generally development is limited to a parking area and a short trail; sometimes there are sanitation facilities and picnic tables as well.
Based on the 2000 K-141 Kursk submarine disaster, in which 118 Russian sailors died. Kursk sank during a Russian naval exercise in the Barents Sea after explosions within the submarine. Twenty-three sailors survived the crash and desperately waited for help to arrive while their oxygen ran out minute-by-minute. The Russian government refused help from foreign governments for five days before agreeing to aid from the British and Norwegian governments.
Having risen through the Real Madrid youth ranks, he spent a season with Bayer Leverkusen before breaking into the first team in 2013, going on to win various domestic and international honours including three Champions League trophies.
Shealy's satirical newsletter, Gamecock Fever, drew criticism in 1991 and 1992 for its depiction of "CockWheat," a cartoon character that combined the features of Cocky, the mascot of the University of South Carolina and Buckwheat, the character from Our Gang. The CockWheat character was referred to as "U.S.C.'s Token Black Mascot" in an issue of Gamecock Fever that was distributed before a USC football game. Student leaders at the University deemed the character derogatory and called for Shealy to stop publishing the newsletter, which contains slurs against Asian, black and Hispanic students.
In 1985, Columbia released the third and last Marvin Gaye album featured on their contract with Gaye. Columbia's parent label, CBS worked together with Motown to issue 'lost' recordings. Releasing Romantically Yours, the album featured the 1968 version of "Why Did I Choose You" and two alternate 1977 recorded versions of "I Won't Cry Anymore" and "The Shadow of Your Smile" among others.
To re-gain his match fitness, he signed a three-month loan deal back at Hinckley United in November 2007. In January 2008 he signed an 18-month contract with Hinckley United after being released by Notts County, but left the club in June 2008.
Jagdgeschwader 20 (JG 20) was a Luftwaffe fighter wing during the early phase of World War II in Europe. JG 20 was founded on 15 July 1939 in Döberitz comprissed of one Gruppe and two Staffeln. A third Staffel was added on 5 November 1939 in Brandenburg-Briest. The sole Gruppe was redesignated as 3rd Gruppe of Jagdgeschwader 51 (III./JG 51) on 4 July 1940. During the Battle of France it was subordinated to Luftflotte 2. The unit's commanders included Hauptmann Hannes Trautloft, from 19 September 1939 to 4 July 1940.
Cuban son originated in eastern Cuba in the late 19th century. The music's defining characteristic was a pulsing or anticipated bass that falls between the downbeat, leading to the creation of many bass instruments including the botija. Other instruments included a marímbula, serrucho, contrabajo and bajo. Other bass instruments were used according to the size of the musical arrangement or timbre of the bass instrument needed. The marímbula, for example, was used mainly for smaller ensembles because it was not easily heard, whereas the bajo, an electrical bass, could be easily projected and heard over many other instruments.
The school's cross-country team won the Group IV boys' title in 1960 and has had a number of individual state champions. In 2008, a senior girl won the Essex County Championships.
In 1980, Johnson completed a new building in a startling new style; The Crystal Cathedral in Garden Grove, California, a soaring glass neo-Gothic megachurch for the Reverend Robert H. Schuller. It became a Southern California landmark. In 2012 it was purchased by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Orange became the cathedral for Orange County.
Wright began his playing career with Harwich & Parkeston, but by 1932 he was on the books at Charlton, where he remained for three years. He spent time with Aldershot and then Derby County before the outbreak of World War II. He also appeared for Southern League sides Chelmsford City and Colchester United. He represented an England XI once in 1935 against an Anglo-Scot team in a friendly game for the King George V Jubilee Trust Fund.
Rod Shealy, Sr. (December 22, 1953 – August 18, 2010) was a Republican political consultant and publisher from Lexington County, South Carolina. He worked on numerous campaigns as a political strategist, including those of André Bauer, Jim DeMint, Jake Knotts, Lindsey Graham, and George W. Bush. Shealy worked with Lee Atwater in the early 1970s and gained notoriety for negative campaigning.
Escape from New York is a 1981 American dystopian science-fiction action film co-written, co-scored and directed by John Carpenter. The film is set in what was near-future of 1997, in a crime-ridden United States that has converted Manhattan Island in New York City into the country's maximum security prison. When Air Force One is hijacked by terrorists and crashes into New York City, ex-soldier and federal prisoner Snake Plissken (Kurt Russell) is given 24 hours to rescue the President of the United States.
In a book he co-wrote with freelance writer, William Hoffman, Vegas P.I.: The Life and Times of America's Greatest Detective, he presented well-documented evidence that Donald DeFreeze was a police informant and an agent provocateur.
The forum operates a newsroom, employing a team of writers who publishes industry news on its website. It is also an official media partner for various industry events including the Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity, Real-Time Advertising Summit, the CMO Asia Summit, and CHARGE, an energy branding conference in Iceland.
Hearst's grandfather, William Randolph Hearst, created the largest newspaper, magazine, newsreel and movie business in the world. Her great-grandmother was philanthropist Phoebe Hearst. The family was associated with immense political influence and anti-Communism going back to before World War II.
The signatories were, for the Allies, the French General Louis Franchet d'Espérey, commander of the Allied Army of the Orient, and a commission appointed by the Bulgarian government, composed of General Ivan Lukov (member of the Bulgarian Army HQ), Andrey Lyapchev (cabinet member) and Simeon Radev (diplomat).
in bold contrast to the limitations of the animal advocacy movement (AAM) and all other reformist causes, Takis Fotopoulos advances a broad view of human dynamics and social institutions, their impact on the earth, and the resulting consequences for society itself. Combining anti-capitalist, radical democracy, and ecological concerns in the concept of "ecological democracy," Fotopoulos defines this notion as "the institutional framework which aims at the elimination of any human attempt to dominate the natural world, in other words, as the system which aims to reintegrate humans and Nature. This implies transcending the present 'instrumentalist' view of Nature, in which Nature is seen as an instrument for growth, within a process of endless concentration of power.
Stick Figure is an American reggae and dub band founded in 2006 and based in Northern California. The group has released six full-length albums and one instrumental album, all of which were written and produced by frontman and self-taught multi-instrumentalist Scott Woodruff. The live band consists of vocalist, producer and guitarist Scott Woodruff, keyboardist Kevin Bong, drummer Kevin Offitzer, bassist Tommy Suliman and keyboardist, backup vocalist and guitarist Johnny Cosmic. Cocoa, an Australian Shepherd, often joins the band onstage, and has accordingly been nicknamed Cocoa the Tour Dog.
"Everybody should design their own home. I'm against architects designing homes. How do I know that you want to live in a picture-window Colonial? It's silly, but you might want to. Who am I to say?"
Baker Skateboards is an American skateboarding company founded in 1999 by professional skateboarder Andrew Reynolds. The company's main products are skateboard decks, soft goods, accessories, and wheels.
ARP 2600, ARP Avatar, ARP Quadra, ARP Odyssey, Dave Smith Instruments Pro 2, Dave Smith Instruments Prophet '08, E-mu Emulator II+HD, E-mu Emax, E-mu E-Synth, E-mu Morpheus, E-mu Orbit, E-mu Planet Earth, E-mu Vintage Keys, E-mu Xtreme Lead-1, Ensoniq MR-61, Ensoniq MR-Rack, Ensoniq TS-10, Hammond 102200, Korg Kronos 2–88, Maestro Theremin, Moog Etherwave Plus Theremin, Moog Memorymoog Plus, Moog Micromoog, Moog Minimoog Model D, Moog Minimoog Voyager, Moog Polymoog 203A, Moog Taurus 1, Moog Taurus 3, Oberheim Matrix-1000, Oberheim Xpander, Sequential Circuits Prophet-5
In Brazil, there is an expression called "pego(a) com a boca na botija" (caught with his/her mouth on the milk jug), with similar meaning as "caught with his hand in the cookie jar".
Marques Brownlee (born 1993, class of 2011), also known by his YouTube username, MKBHD, is an American video blogger, best known for his technology-based YouTube channel.
The final disc in the set covers the period between 1972 and 1975, when reggae was beginning to reach a much wider audience. Other songs by Bob Marley and Peter Tosh recorded with the Wailers appear on this side, such as "Trenchtown Rock" and "Brand New Second Hand". "I Can See Clearly Now" provided a worldwide hit for Johnny Nash in 1972. He also does a rendition of Bob Marley's "Stir It Up", included here. Also featured is "Better Must Come" by Delroy Wilson and "The Time Has Come", by Slim Smith. The set ends with "Marcus Garvey", a tribute to the black nationalist, by Burning Spear.
Although the fitting and replacement of keys remains an important part of locksmithing, modern locksmiths are primarily involved in the installation of high quality lock-sets and the design, implementation, and management of keying and key control systems. Locksmiths are frequently required to determine the level of risk to an individual or institution and then recommend and implement appropriate combinations of equipment and policies to create a "security layer" that exceeds the reasonable gain of an intruder.
Limnomedusa macroglossa are found in open and forested areas on rocky soil along rivers. Tadpoles are found in temporary river-side pools and slow-flowing water.
The first disc features ska and other precursors to reggae. Colin Escott's liner notes point out the influence of American R&B on Jamaican acts. The set begins with "Iron Bar", a traditional by Lord Tanamo, reflecting reggae's early mento roots. Derrick Morgan follows with the Latin-influenced "Fat Man". Millie Small's 1964 offbeat version of "My Boy Lollipop", previously recorded by Barbie Gaye, was the first ska song to achieve international success. Several of the songs, such as the Clarendonians's "Rude Boy Gone to Jail" and Desmond Decker & the Aces' "Rudie Got Soul" display a preoccupation with the "rude boy" culture of post-colonial Jamaica that was fashionable in the lyrics of much ska and early reggae. Several other numbers by Desmond Decker & the Aces are featured in the set, and the disc also includes "007 (Shanty Town)" (1967) and their worldwide 1968 hit "Israelites", which heralded the transition from ska to reggae.
Columbia High School has also had many student-led walk-outs. In late March 2006 hundreds of students walked out after tensions with the principal regarding censorship issues and racial comments. The students were calling for her resignation. The next year a new acting principal was instated and the following school year she became the official principal. On April 27, 2010, hundreds of students participated in a statewide walkout of high school students protesting the budget cuts put in place by Chris Christie. On January 20, in protest of the presidential inauguration of Donald Trump, hundreds of CHS students participated in a school walk-out and marched to the Maplewood Town Hall building.
Todd Tamanend Clark was born on August 10, 1952 in Greensboro, Pennsylvania, to Frederick Leland Clark (1923–2003) and Hope Ramona Harvey (1925–2001). He is Native American and is of Onodowaga (Seneca) and Lenape ancestry. He graduated from Waynesburg Central High School in 1970 and from Slippery Rock University of Pennsylvania with a B.A. in Communication in 1983. He then went on to graduate school at Indiana University of Pennsylvania studying art and anthropology.
In the weeks before he was murdered in Jonestown, Guyana, Representative Leo Ryan was collecting signatures for Hearst's release, mentioning his own Synanon mass death threats, comparisons to Manson, and questions of the Hearst case. Actor John Wayne, speaking after the Jonestown cult deaths, said it was odd that people had accepted the fact that Jim Jones had brainwashed 900 human beings into mass suicide, but would not accept that a group like the Symbionese Liberation Army could have brainwashed a kidnapped teenage girl.
On September 12, 2015 Hamilton played with the Grateful Dead's Bob Weir, Bill Kreutzmann, and Mickey Hart at the third annual Lockn' Festival in Arrington, Va during Billy & the Kids' headlining set.
The OJ entered service with VS-5B and VS-6B in 1933 mainly for use on Omaha class light cruisers. Some OJs were used by reserve units with the first being VN-6R which were based near Washington to train reserve pilots and to enable staff officers to maintain their flying categories. By 1936 all the remaining aircraft were operated by reserve units and at the outbreak of the Second World War 29 aircraft were still in service. The Navy stopped the overhaul program for the aircraft and by the middle of 1941 all of them had been struck off charge.
Hans Zoller (born February 16, 1922) was a Swiss bobsledder who competed in the 1950s and 1960s. He won a gold medal in the four-man event at the 1957 FIBT World Championships in St. Moritz. He also competed in Bobsleigh at the 1964 Winter Olympics, where he finished 10th in both the two man and four man bobsled events.
Shortly after the folding of WCCW, Hart continued to manage Al Perez in the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA)'s Jim Crockett Promotions in 1988, along with Larry Zbyszko. In 1989, he managed the stable J-Tex Corporation, which included Terry Funk, Dick Slater, Buzz Sawyer, The Dragonmaster, and The Great Muta. They feuded primarily with Ric Flair and Sting, but Ole and Arn Anderson later teamed up with Flair and Sting to even the sides up (and thus bringing back The Four Horseman briefly). J-Tex disbanded in early 1990.
1st place in Feature Writing, Arts & Entertainment Coverage, Business/Financial Story, Sports Story, Special Issue in 2011, California Newspaper Publishers Association
Originally they formed a funk-rock supergroup "The Electric Petal Groove Machine". Two weeks after the combination of the two groups, the band then still known as "The Electric Petal Groove Machine", opened for Simple Minds on their South African tour.
Later he worked in the General Staff of the General Command, as the Superior Officer in the Provincial Command of Turin, the Operations Office of the General Command of the Army. He was promoted to Colonel and became deputy commander of the Carabinieri Region of Piedmont and Valle d'Aosta at the orders of General Francesco Delfino. He was in that position until 1993 and subsequently held the Provincial Command of Rome for five years. He was later the Head of the Second Division of the General Command. From 2000 to 2002 he was Senior Officer of the General Command and then Commander of the Carabinieri Officers' School . From 7 October 2003 to 4 September 2006, he headed the Campania Carabinieri Region.
His memorable experience was when he played five Tests in a row during the 1999 World Cup where he played all his games for the full 80 minutes. He later coached the Akita Northern Bullets
He then joined Droylsden where he stayed for three years, before a brief period at Northwich Victoria where he made less than twenty starts. This was followed by a move to Welsh club Bala Town in June 2011.
Invention is not enough. Tesla invented the electric power we use, but he struggled to get it out to people... You have to combine both things: invention and innovation focus, plus the company that can commercialize things and get them to people.
The warded lock was also present from antiquity and remains the most recognizable lock and key design in the Western world. The first all-metal locks appeared between the years 870 and 900, and are attributed to the English craftsmen. It is also said that the key was invented by Theodorus of Samos in the 6th century BC.
Appointed assistant principal cellist in 2003, Su-a has been a member of the Scottish Chamber Orchestra since 1993. She is also active in the experimental SCO Lab group and regularly participates in both the orchestra's education and community outreach programmes. In 2009, the SCO made an extensive tour of India, where the Lab group played as soloists alongside the Sarod Maestro, Ustad Amjad Ali Khan. A CD of their collaboration Samaagam was released in May 2011.
On 28 June 2017, the European adventure continues for the Greek centre back, after Dinamo București announced his acquisition for the next two years for an undisclosed fee. The 27-year-old centre back is a personal choice of the Romanian team's coach, Cosmin Contra, who sees a remarkable addition for his club. Dinamo București ended in third place in the 2016-17 Romanian Championship, behind FC Viitorul Constanța and FC Steaua București, taking the Europa League ticket. On 16 October 2017, he scored a brace in a 3-0 home win game against SC Juventus București. On 11 December 2017, he scored the second goal sealing a 2-0 home win game against FC Voluntari.
Bruce Feirstein (born 1956), screenwriter and journalist best known for his screenplays for the James Bond films GoldenEye, Tomorrow Never Dies and The World Is Not Enough, and his best selling humor books, including Real Men Don't Eat Quiche.
Combining their ideas, the pair began utilizing Page's dormitory room as a machine laboratory, and extracted spare parts from inexpensive computers to create a device that they used to connect the nascent search engine with Stanford's broadband campus network. After filling Page's room with equipment, they then converted Brin's dorm room into an office and programming center, where they tested their new search engine designs on the Web. The rapid growth of their project caused Stanford's computing infrastructure to experience problems.
Reynolds was performing in Charlottesville in the late 1980s when his friend, Nic Cappon, encouraged him to perform at a local bar, Miller's, where he met bartender Dave Matthews. Reynolds explains:
The hire of volunteers for the projects was conducted in a framework of the state system of organizational mobilization, but more often through Komsomol mobilization by Komsomol travel tickets. One of active participants of the 1950s-80s construction projects were student construction brigades under a patronage of Komsomol. In 1980s the status of regional shock construction projects was granted to Youth Residential Complexes (MZhK).
Carvajal made his La Liga debut on 18 August 2013, in a 2–1 home win against Real Betis. One month later he played his first match in the UEFA Champions League, again featuring the full 90 minutes in a 6–1 away routing of Galatasaray SK for the group stage.
Alongside other players in the SCO, Robert McFall (violin), Brian Schiele (viola) and Scottish Ballet's principal bass player Rick Standley, Lee was a founding member of the group Mr McFall's Chamber which was formed to present classical music in new and inventive ways. Mr McFall's Chamber began as a string quartet playing avant-garde classical music in late-night club venues. The group has expanded to include a wide range of performers playing diverse repertoires from cartoon classics, through to progressive rock, jazz and tango nuevo. In 2010, they performed the works of the late Celtic fusion pioneer Martyn Bennett (Lee is also an Associate Member of the Marty Bennett Trust.) with the album Birds and Beasts, collaborated with Norwegian electronic jazz percussionist Thomas Strønen and worked with the idiosyncratic Dundee poet Michael Marra on the album Michael Marra.
He followed it with What Did You Do in the War, Daddy? (1966), a wartime comedy from Blake Edwards which was made for the Mirisches; Coburn was top billed. The film was a commercial disappointment. Dead Heat on a Merry-Go-Round (1966) was a crime movie made at Columbia.
Catalinbread Antichthon, Catalinbread Belle Epoch Deluxe, Catalinbread Bicycle Delay, Catalinbread Fuzzrite, Chase Bliss Warped Vinyl, Death By Audio Ghost Delay, DigiTech DigiDelay, DigiTech DigiVerb, DigiTech Hyper Phase, DigiTech Metal Master, DigiTech Synth Wah, DigiTech Turbo Flange, DigiTech Whammy, Dunlop Crybaby From Hell, Earthquaker Levitation, Electro-Harmonix Talking Wah, Ensoniq DP/2, Ensoniq DP/4+, Ensoniq DP Pro, Hardwire Delay/Looper, Hardwire Stereo Chorus, Hardwire Stereo Phaser, Hardwire Supernatural, Hardwire Tremolo/Rotary, Keeley Compressor Plus, Keeley Mesmer, Keeley Monterey, Maestro Echoplex, Maestro Phase Shifter, Maestro Ring Modulator, Malekko Charlie Foxtrot, Malekko Scrutator, Malekko Sneak Attack, Mister Black Downward Spiral, Moog Minifooger Chorus, Moog Minifooger Delay, Moog Minifooger Drive, Moog Minifooger Flange, Moog Minifooger Trem, Moog Moogerfooger Analog Delay, Moog Moogerfooger Cluster Flux, Moog Moogerfooger Lowpass Filter, Moog Moogerfooger Ring Modulator, Moog Moogerfooger Twelve-Step Phaser, Moog Vocoder, Morley Bad Horsie, Morley Echo-Chorus-Vibrato, Morley Little Alligator, Mu-Tron Bi-Phase, MXR Digital Delay, MXR Pitch Transposer, Rivera Metal Shaman, Seymour Duncan Andromeda, Seymour Duncan Shape Shifter, SubDecay Harmonic Antagonizer, SubDecay Vitruvian Mod, SubDecay Vocawah
The real gunfight was a 30-second long, face-to-face affair with only a few firearms, not a medium-range, heavily armed shootout as in the film.
Reynolds toured as lead guitarist with the Dave Matthews Band in support of Big Whiskey and the GrooGrux King in early 2008. As of the summer tour of 2016, he is still a full-time member of the Dave Matthews Band.
Kennedy previously held the same position at Centenary and Southeastern Louisiana. He has served 13 seasons as a collegiate head coach and 13 as an assistant.
Oyama Station was opened on 10 April 1911. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987. A new station building was completed in March 2000.
On March 20, 2015, Empty Mirrors Press published Epstein's political memoir "Rise Again: Nova Scotia's NDP on the Rocks" an account of his 15 years in provincial politics, the history of the New Democratic Party in Nova Scotia, and his analysis of the successes and failures of the Dexter NDP government during its term in office.
He [Musk] wants to go to Mars to back up humanity. That’s a worthy goal. We have a lot of employees at Google who’ve become pretty wealthy. You’re working because you want to change the world and make it better ... I’d like for us to help out more than we are.
Overall, the male is black above and white below, but also with a white supercilium (sometimes absent), half-collar, and greater covert patch, and a variable-sized orange patch on the breast. Females differ from males in being browner above, more buff-toned below, and often lacking the white greater covert patch. The white throat and (usually white) supercilium are the most prominent external differences from the African stonechat S. torquatus, which has a wholly black head including the throat and supercilium.
Tim Reynolds (born 15 December 1957 in Wiesbaden, Germany) is a Grammy nominated multi-instrumentalist known as both a solo artist and as a lead guitarist for the Dave Matthews Band. One reviewer has declared Reynolds 'an under-rated master'.
The total high school population was now approaching 2,400. The same committee which concluded that physical additions were needed also recommended a new organizational plan to prevent students from feeling depersonalized in such a large system. What grew out of this was the House Plan, which, in 1970, divided Columbia into four sub-schools of approximately 600 students each. The goal was to provide the intimacy of a small school within a large plant, and each of the houses had, for example, its own student council, intramural athletic teams, and newspapers. All of these were in addition to the traditional school-wide activities.
Les supporters de l'ASM Clermont Auvergne ont reçu en 2007, 2008 et 2009 le prix de l’Éthique et de la convivialité (challenge des meilleurs supporters) du Top 14.
Ralph Staub est un réalisateur, producteur, scénariste, acteur, monteur et directeur de la photographie américain né le 21 juillet 1899 à Chicago, Illinois (États-Unis), décédé le 22 octobre 1969.
La Carrera est créée en 1964. Carrera signifie « course » en espagnol et évoque également la Carrera Panamericana courue pendant les années 1950 en Amérique centrale. En 2007, année de lancement d'une nouvelle collection de Grand Carrera,. En 2010, la Carrera se décline en version pour homme comme pour femme, en montre ou en chronographe et bénéficie de diverses « motorisations » : Calibre S Laptimer, Calibre 360, Calibre 17, etc. Pour les 150 ans de TAG Heuer, la Carrera est la première montre de la marque à recevoir le mouvement chronographe Calibre 1887 assemblé par TAG Heuer dans son usine de Chevenez.
La réduction des clubs de l'élite entamée en 1994 aboutit à une poule unique de seize clubs en 2004 (Top 16), réduite à quatorze clubs en 2005 (Top 14). Pour encourager le spectacle, le système de points de bonus en usage dans l'hémisphère Sud et en Coupe du monde est mis en place : un point de bonus défensif inscrit pour une défaite de sept points d'écart ou moins; un point de bonus offensif pour quatre essais marqués. En 2007, ce barème de bonus est adapté à l'usage domestique : le bonus offensif est accordé à l'équipe qui inscrit trois essais de plus que son adversaire, tandis que le bonus défensif est accordé pour une défaite de cinq points ou moins.
Roissy fut érigé en commune indépendante en 1790. La même année le village perdra sa particule « en-France ». Le 31 janvier 1790, le premier maire fut élu à l'école du village, ce n'était autre que Maurice Gabriel Joseph de Riquet, vicomte de Caraman, né en 1765 à Roissy-en-France, fils Victor-Maurice Riquet, comte de Caraman, dernier seigneur des lieux. Cependant, il ne conserva pas longtemps son mandat, démissionnaire, il fut remplacé par le cultivateur Pierre Ducrocq dès le 20 juin suivant.
Les recettes de fonctionnement se montaient à : 5 976 901 € d'impôts et taxes, 5 769 901 € d'une dotation de la communauté de communes, 2 103 566 € de la vente de terrains, 1 043 907 € de dotations et subventions, 579 141 € de produits divers (loyers…) et 370 850 € provenant des produits des services.
À l’élection présidentielle de 2007, le premier tour a vu se démarquer en tête Nicolas Sarkozy avec 34,07 %, suivi de Ségolène Royal avec 22,02 %, François Bayrou avec 17,53 %, Jean-Marie Le Pen avec 14,68 %, enfin Olivier Besancenot avec 4,78 %, aucun autre candidat ne dépassant le seuil des 1,5 %. Le second tour a vu arriver largement en tête Nicolas Sarkozy avec 59,78 % (résultat national : 53,06 %) contre 40,22 % pour Ségolène Royal (national : 46,94 %).
En 2009/2010, le budget moyen d'un club de l'élite est de 14,6 millions d'euros, il a été multiplié par cinq en huit ans mais il est trois fois inférieur à celui d'un club de football de Ligue 1. Dans ce domaine, le rugby est le deuxième sport en France, devant le basket-ball.
le Stade toulousain est en tête du bilan avec 19 titres dont cinq remportés de 1922 à 1927 inclus et quatre consécutifs remportés de 1994 à 1997 inclus;
Les matchs du Top 14 sont actuellement diffusés par Canal+, Canal+ Sport et Rugby+ et la finale du Top 14 est codiffusée en crypté par Canal+ et en clair sur France 2 depuis 2007.
Dans une vanne à clapet, le fluide est dévié à l'entrée de la vanne vers le clapet (plug en anglais) qui module le débit en fonction de son éloignement par rapport au siège de la vanne (ouverture).
Le Sillon de Bretagne est actuellement classée en zone CUCS (Contrat Urbain de Cohésion Social) au titre de la politique de la Ville menée par l'État. Il est intégré à la nouvelle génération de projets ANRU et a fait l'objet d'un projet de rénovation urbaine durant la période 2009-2013. Ce dernier a remodelé l'immeuble, tant au niveau du nombre et de type de logement, que de sa physionomie : création de nouvelles ouvertures au sol afin de faciliter les circulations, intégration dans un contexte urbain (urbanisation du parc avoisinant) et retraitement des espaces publics.
En juillet 2010, 444 km de l'itinéraire sont réalisés soit 37 % dont 167 km en site propre. Une partie de cet itinéraire fait partie du projet CYCLE (Cycling Channel Landscapes Easily), qui réunit des organisations françaises et anglaises cherchant à développer un réseau d’itinéraires vélo valorisant les régions de la Manche,.
L’année 1973 voit le lancement du Microsplit 820, le premier instrument de chronométrage électronique de poche précis au 1/100e de seconde. En 1975, Heuer lance le Chronosplit, le premier chronographe numérique de poignet avec double affichage LCD/LED[réf. nécessaire]. Le LCD, en haut, indique l’heure, et la LED indique le temps chronométré avec une précision au 1/10e de seconde. Enzo Ferrari commande personnellement quinze de ces modèles spéciaux pour Ferrari. D’autres clients célèbres suivent, comme Paul Newman. Deux années se sont à peine écoulées, et voilà que l’entreprise présente le premier chronographe muni d’un double affichage numérique analogique : le Chronosplit Manhattan GMT, prédécesseur du chronographe Kirium Formula 1[réf. nécessaire].
Les intérêts d'emprunt se limitent à une somme particulièrement faible attestant d'un endettement quasi-inexistant et de la bonne santé financière de la commune. La même année, le produit total de la taxe d'habitation se montait à 89 000 euros.
Certains clubs de Pro D2 construisent également des budgets de plus en plus impressionnants (comme Lyon) avec pour ambition de revenir rapidement dans l’élite et d’y jouer un rôle actif.
Le ruisseau de la Gouaougue est un cours d'eau qui traverse le département des Landes et un affluent droit du Louts dans le bassin versant de l'Adour.
De la saison 1959-1960 à la saison 1966-1967 la première division se compose de 56 clubs répartis en sept poules de huit clubs. Les clubs classés aux quatre premières places et les quatre meilleurs cinquièmes se rencontrent pour les seizièmes de finale du championnat de France.
En 1945, elle est membre fondateur du PEN club Libanais. En 1946, elle préside la délégation libanaise au Congrès international des Ligues féminines, à Haïderabad en Inde, et publie l’année suivante dans les Cahiers de l’Est Mission aux Indes, son journal du congrès.
Il se situe à environ 9 kilomètres au sud-est de Wołomin (siège de la powiat) et à 25 kilomètres à l'est de Varsovie (capitale de la Pologne).
Le 20 mai 1976, Noël Godin et six complices se trouvent au festival de Cannes ; ils décident de parcourir la promenade de la Croisette avec une tarte et entarter le premier metteur en scène qu'ils jugent le mériter. En passant devant le Grand Hôtel, ils voient le cinéaste Marco Ferreri attablé à un restaurant avec des producteurs ; ils décident de l'entarter. Georges Le Gloupier, dont le rôle est tenu cette fois par Stéphane Holmès (fils du chanteur Joël Holmès), se met à danser autour de la table en s'exclamant « Gloup ! Gloup ! » puis envoie sa tarte à la figure de Ferreri. Dans la crème était enfoui le message : « Avec mes respectueux hommages. Georges Le Gloupier ». Le lendemain, Ferreri, donnant une entrevue à la RTBF, accuse la CIA d'avoir commandité l'attentat.
Le site de Florimont a été occupé dès l'époque romaine, vraisemblablement par une tour de guet chargée de surveiller la circulation sur la voie militaire reliant Mandeure dans le Doubs à Augst et Kembs dans le Haut-Rhin. Après la création du comté de Ferrette au XIe siècle, fut construit le château féodal et les fortifications du village qui prit très rapidement de l'importance. Au XIIIe siècle, le fief, qui couvrait aussi Courcelles, Suarce, Chavanatte, Lepuix-Neuf et en partie Faverois, Grosne, Boron, Réchésy, était détenu par la famille de Blumenberg, nom allemand que l'on peut traduire par Montagne des fleurs. La terre de Florimont fut à plusieurs reprises l'objet de litiges entre l'évêque de Bâle et le comte de Ferrette. Au XVe siècle, l'importance économique de la ville n'est pas négligeable puisqu'il s'y tient un marché hebdomadaire et deux foires annuelles, l'une à la Toussaint et l'autre le mardi de Pâques.
La municipalité s’est vue remettre en 2005 sa première fleur au Concours des villes et villages fleuris, récompensant les efforts de fleurissement de la commune.
Anne Duménil, La Formation des idées politiques et constitutionnelles de Michel Debré (1934–1946), mémoire de diplôme d'études approfondies en histoire du XXe siècle à l'Institut d'études politiques de Paris sous la direction de Serge Berstein, 1994
On trouve également des espèces plus petites, comme la taupe de Sibérie, le tamias de Sibérie, le campagnol nageur, le rat musqué, le hamster.
En 1999, le groupe de luxe LVMH lance une OPA amicale sur tout le capital de la manufacture horlogère, qui est rachetée le 13 septembre 1999 pour la somme de 739 millions de dollars. Depuis cette date, TAG Heuer, propriété à 100 % du groupe LVMH, n’est donc plus coté en bourse et n’a plus aucun lien avec le Groupe TAG d’Akram Ojjeh.
Komatsu fait ses débuts dans le baseball majeur le 6 avril 2012 pour les Cardinals. Il frappe son premier coup sûr le jour même, face au lanceur Tim Dillard des Brewers de Milwaukee. Après 15 matchs joués pour les Cardinals, il est cédé au ballottage et réclamé le 4 mai par les Twins du Minnesota. Il réussit 7 coups sûrs en 15 matchs avec un point produit pour les Twins.
Hlyboka est située dans une profonde vallée (Глибока signifie profonde en ukrainien) à une trentaine de km au sud de Tchernivtsi. La ville est située en Bucovine, sur la Dereloui (uk), un affluent de rive droite du Prout.
Frédéric Monnier, Lettres à son avocat. 118 lettres inédites à Me Albert Naud, notice biographique de Me Naud sur le site louisferdinandceline.free.fr
La plupart des acteurs étaient des gymnastes de premier ordre capables de donner un soufflet avec le pied, ou d’exécuter dans l’intérieur de la salle de spectacle des ascensions périlleuses. Beaucoup d’initiative leur était laissée et la verve de parole de l’acteur, ses lazzi, son talent mimique faisaient la plus grande partie du succès de la Commedia dell'arte. Parfois les acteurs improvisateurs se servaient, comme d’un canevas, de telle pièce écrite, par exemple les Ménechmes de Plaute. Ils le firent souvent pour l’Emilia de Luigi Groto, en brodant sur le plan du poète comique, un dialogue qui leur appartenait. D’autre part, telle commedia dell'arte, après être restée longtemps au répertoire en simple canevas, a été écrite soit par celui qui en avait disposé le scénario, soit par tout autre auteur dramatique.
Son expérience en Nouvelle-Angleterre l'a convaincu que le propriétaire d’un journal doit prendre pour modèle la presse commerciale américaine et trouver le moyen de ne plus être à la merci de mécènes. « Je m’efforçai, dès le commencement, d’échapper aux désagréments de cette mendicité chronique, qui était devenue proverbiale chez les éditeurs de journaux. J’administrai La Patrie en homme d’affaires, bien décidé à abandonner l’entreprise si je ne pouvais pas la faire réussir sans être continuellement à tendre la main comme un chercheur de places ou un politiqueur décavé. »
En mai 1994, Bernard-Henri Lévy se trouve au festival de Cannes où il doit présenter en avant-première son film Bosna!. Noël Godin et deux complices décident de se rendre à Cannes pour l'entarter. Les journalistes et la population reconnaissent Godin dès son arrivée et la rumeur commence à se répandre que Noël Godin est à Cannes. Godin croit que Lévy veut entrer dans le palais des Festivals par l'entrée principale et qu'il n'aura qu'à l'attendre à cet endroit ; mais quelques heures avant la présentation, ils apprennent par un sympathisant que Lévy, ayant eu vent de la présence de Godin, est déjà entré dans le palais et s'y est enfermé. Lévy est en train de faire son entrée sur scène lorsqu'un autre complice de Godin qui n'a pas été pris et qui se trouve à trois mètres de Lévy, lui envoie sa tarte à la figure comme un discobole. Selon des témoins, les gardes rouent ensuite de coups de poing et de pieds celui qui a envoyé la tarte. Ils ne cesseront que lorsqu'un ami de Godin, le cinéaste Jan Bucquoy, leur ordonne d'arrêter en se faisant passer pour l'ambassadeur de Belgique.
En 1982 est lancée la série 2000. Elle comporte six caractéristiques essentielles : résistance à l'eau (étanchéité jusqu'à 200 mètres), lunette tournante unidirectionnelle, index et aiguilles luminescents, couronne vissée avec joint double pour assurer la résistance à l’eau, fermoir double sécurité et verre saphir anti-rayures. Ces caractéristiques font partie de l'ADN de la marque et sont illustrées en 1991 dans la campagne de publicité « Don't crack under pressure ».
(de) Cet article est partiellement ou en totalité issu de l’article de Wikipédia en allemand intitulé « Barbara Honigmann » (voir la liste des auteurs).
De nombreux joueurs ont remporté le titre avec deux clubs différents (liste ouverte) : Jean-Guy Gautier, Alexandre Pharamond, Adolphe Jauréguy (et finaliste avec deux autres clubs), François Borde, Jean Larrieu, Albert Cazenave, Eugène Ribère, Jean Matheu-Cambas, André Abadie, Michel Crauste, François Moncla, Didier Codorniou, Geoffrey Abadie, Vincent Moscato, Serge Simon, Philippe Gimbert, Olivier Roumat, Jérôme Fillol, Benoît August, Jacques Sagols, Marc Lièvremont, Thierry Dusautoir, Olivier Olibeau, David Skrela, Yohan Montès, Census Johnston, Nicolas Jeanjean, Shaun Sowerby, Lionel Beauxis, Frédéric Michalak, Benjamin Noirot, Seremaia Baï, Julien Dupuy, Sylvain Nicolas, Dimitri Szarzewski, Chris Masoe, Antonie Claassen, Brice Dulin, Benjamin Kayser, Damien Chouly, Rémi Lamerat, Adrien Planté.
Bernard Debré, né en 1944, médecin agrégé des hôpitaux urologue et homme politique, député de Paris depuis 2004, ancien ministre de la Coopération ;
Le 20 février 1962, l'astronaute américain John Glenn porte un compteur Heuer quand il pilote le vaisseau spatial Mercury-Atlas 6 Friendship 7, lors de la première mission spatiale américaine habitée autour de la Terre.
Hlyboka (en ukrainien : Глибока ; en allemand et en polonais : Hliboka ; en roumain : Adâncata) est une commune urbaine de l'oblast de Tchernivtsi, en Ukraine. Sa population s'élevait à 9 465 habitants en février 2013. Hlyboka est le chef-lieu du raïon éponyme.
Pareidolie, salon International du Dessin Contemporain, Château de Servières à Marseille (2016), FranceGalerie Art-Cade à Marseille (2011), Musée d'Oléron (2010), Biennale Internationale d'Urbanisme de Bat Yam (en) (2010), Musée d'Art de Tel Aviv (2009), Galerie Artneuland à Berlin (2009), Musée d'Art Contemporain de Petach-Tikvah (2007), Musée d'Art d'Ashdod (2006), Biennale d'Art Contemporain de Lyon (2003), Biennale d'Art Contemporain de Tirana (2003), A Space à Toronto (2003), CAC Vilnius (2003).
Jean-Joseph Mabiez de Rouville , né le 5 octobre 1760 à Trévoux (Ain), mort le 20 octobre 1826 à Trévoux (Ain), est un militaire français de la Révolution et de l’Empire.
L'ensemble tire son nom d'une ligne de fracture liée à un plissement hercynien qui court en Loire-Atlantique au nord de la Loire, passant à proximité de l'immeuble, et prend la forme d'un effondrement en marches d'escalier d'une cinquantaine de mètres de déclivité. Il se situe à proximité de la route de Vannes, artère commerciale majeure de l'unité urbaine de Nantes, et il est connecté au reste de l'agglomération via la ligne 3 de tramway et sa station Sillon de Bretagne.
En février 1943, quatre mois après l'invasion de la zone libre, il s'engage dans la Résistance sous le nom de Fontevrault puis de François Jacquier, adhérant au réseau Ceux de la Résistance (CDLR). Pendant l'été 1943, il est chargé par le général de Gaulle d'établir la liste des préfets qui remplaceront ceux du régime de Vichy pour le jour de la Libération. Il devient lui-même commissaire de la République à Angers en août 1944.
En regard du box-office, Femmes du Caire a été plutôt bien accueilli par la critique. Il obtient 89 % d'avis positifs sur Rotten Tomatoes, sur la base de 9 commentaires collectées. Il est évalué à une moyenne de 3,8/5 pour 16 critiques de presse sur Allociné.
la ville d'Angers a proposé à ses habitants de contribuer, en tricotant, à une action de yarn bombing dans la ville dans le cadre du festival d'art urbain Artaq en mai 2012. À cette occasion, Magda Sayeg a recouvert de tricot le pont Confluences.
Fils d'agriculteurs, Albert Naud a suivi les cours de l'École normale d'instituteurs de Ruffec, avant de gagner Paris. Secrétaire administratif à la Chambre syndicale des raffineurs de sucre, il entre à la fin des années 1920 à L'Écho de Paris dont il est un rédacteur pendant quatre ans. Il fréquente le cours d'orateurs du Centre de propagande des républicains nationaux d'Henri de Kérillis, chef des informations politiques de l'Écho de Paris, et devient dans les années 1930 l'un des principaux orateurs et l'une des plumes de ce Centre.
En parallèle, une importante polémique se développa dans le nouveau département du Val-d'Oise voyant s'affronter les « anti » et « pro-aéroport ». Les uns déplorant les nuisances apportées, les autres répondant « développement économique et progrès ». De 1969 - année des dernières expropriations - à 1972, la rumeur du projet et le flou des informations firent grandir la contestation locale puis départementale. L'ampleur du phénomène conduisit le gouvernement à tenter d'enrayer la polémique en arrêtant clairement en mars 1972 trois zones de nuisances : « A (cinq communes et dix-mille habitants), toute construction interdite ; B (soixante-mille habitants), construction autorisée pour les bâtiments utilitaires ; C (cent-quatre-vingt-mille habitants), extension des agglomérations limitées au maximum ».
Le rugby à XV a été introduit en France vers 1870 par des Britanniques travaillant dans l’Hexagone. Dès 1872, certains d’entre eux fondent le Havre Athletic Club avec lequel ils pratiquent une forme hybride de rugby et de football qu'ils appellent combination.
plus largement, le recrutement interne permet, lorsqu'il est régulièrement pratiqué, de motiver les personnes travaillant pour l'entreprise du fait que ceux-ci peuvent envisager des promotions et mutations internes. (faire jouer l'ascenseur social)
Elle a reçu de nombreux prix littéraires, dont, en 2000, le prix Kleist, la deuxième plus haute distinction littéraire d'Allemagne après le prix Georg-Büchner.
Pendant les ans XIII et XIV, il est embarqué sur l’escadre commandée par l’amiral Villeneuve, et en 1806, il rejoint la Grande Armée. Il prend part aux guerres de Prusse et de Pologne, et il est admis à la retraite le 31 mai 1807.
Le Stade toulousain connaît sa première période de domination du rugby français en remportant cinq titres de champion de France en six ans, de 1922 à 1927. C’est alors le règne de la « Vierge Rouge », comme on surnomme le club rouge et noir à la suite de son titre de 1912 au cours de laquelle l’équipe reste invaincue pendant toute la saison.
Les matchs se déroulent sur le terrain du premier club cité, sauf note contraire. En cas de match nul, les deux équipes sont départagées au nombre de coups de pied de coin obtenus, puis par tirage au sort à la pièce jetée.
Les pratiques de discrimination - qui portent atteinte à l'égalité des chances - doivent être également repoussées. En France, toute personne s'estimant victime d'une discrimination peut porter plainte au civil (conseil des prud'hommes) et / ou au pénal (procureur de la république, commissariat de police, gendarmerie).
Le village, qui comptait 394 habitants en 1999, en comptait 398 en 1803. Le territoire communal est relativement grand : 18,19 km2 et s'étend sur une dizaine de kilomètres du nord au sud. Florimont, qui fut une importante seigneurie au Moyen Âge, a incorporé dans son territoire les villages disparus de Normanvillars et de Saint-André-d'Essert.
Il écrivit pendant vingt ans pour les Italiens (de 1720 à 1740) maintenant sous la guidance de Luigi Riccoboni et écrira pour eux les deux tiers de ses pièces. Il aura pour muse Silvia Baletti, dont les parents appartenaient à l'ancienne troupe.
La cooptation, encouragée par certaines formes de réseautage et de sourcing (via par exemple les réseaux d'anciens élèves de grandes écoles ou professionnels), génère de la reproduction sociale qui peut freiner l'innovation adaptative ;
Le XIXe siècle oublie, à l’exception de Maurice Sand, fils de George, quelque peu cet art ancestral. En France, cependant, la famille Deburau reprend les personnages de Pierrot et Colombine et Arlequin les intègre à ses mimodrames.
L'un des objectifs est d'habiller les lieux publics en les rendant moins impersonnels, en les humanisant et en suscitant la réaction des passants.
Les dépenses de fonctionnement se répartissaient en : 5 313 890 € de charges de personnel, 5 214 032 € de charges générales, 3 163 796 € de charges exceptionnelles, 1 370 254 € consacrés à l'autofinancement et enfin, seulement 52 700 € pour le remboursement de la dette.
Michel Crauste et Arnaud Marquesuzaa remportent le titre avec le Racing Club de France en 1959. L’année suivante, ils le remportent avec le FC Lourdes.
Analyse du capitalisme japonais (日本資本主義発達史講座, Nihon shihonshugi hattatsu shi kōza), ou littéralement « cours sur l'histoire du développement du capitalisme au Japon », et un livre publié par des historiens de l'école historique Kōza dont Moritarō Yamada, Eitaro Noro (en), Hattori Shisō (ja), Hani Gorō (ja), et Hirano Yoshitarō (ja).
Notices d'autorité : Fichier d’autorité international virtuel • International Standard Name Identifier • Bibliothèque nationale de France (données) • Système universitaire de documentation • Bibliothèque du Congrès • Gemeinsame Normdatei • Bibliothèque universitaire de Pologne • Autorités Canadiana • WorldCat
À la fin du XIXe siècle, la population restait très majoritairement agricole, seuls quelques dizaines d'habitants travaillaient dans le commerce. En 1896, la surface agricole de la commune se répartissait comme suit : 8,1 km2 de cultures alimentaires, 2,75 km2 de prairies artificielles, 2,10 km2 de cultures industrielles, 0,33 km2 de jachère, 0,22 km2 de jardins, 50 000 m2 de bois, 10 000 m2 de prairies naturelles et de pâturages et 10 000 m2 de landes. 52 hectares de la surface communale étaient occupés par les routes, chemins et constructions. Quarante-cinq exploitants agricoles se répartissaient très inégalement ces terres, vingt-deux exploitants cultivant moins de 10 000 m2, neuf de 10 000 à 50 000 m2 et quatorze de 50 000 à 3 km2. Le froment occupait 4,50 km2 suivi par l'avoine sur 2,90 km2 puis de la betterave à sucre sur 1,70 km2 et de la luzerne sur 1,26 km2, le reste se répartissant entre trèfle, pomme de terre, seigle et sainfoin. Les animaux de ferme étaient nombreux : on dénombrait pas moins de 180 chevaux, 120 bœufs, et 1 200 moutons, valeur qui doublait durant l'été. Dans les basses-cours, on comptait pas moins de 3 000 lapins, 1 800 pigeons, 2 000 poules, 275 canards et 50 oies.
Roissy-en-France appartenait historiquement au canton de Gonesse. Dans le cadre du redécoupage cantonal de 2014 en France, la commune fait désormais partie du canton de Villiers-le-Bel.
Stafford Repp est un acteur américain né le 26 avril 1918 à San Francisco, Californie (États-Unis), décédé le 5 novembre 1974 à Inglewood (Californie).
Même si Honoré Beaugrand a perdu des partisans dans l'affaire de la vaccination, elle lui a valu le soutien des milieux d'affaires anglophones. Ces derniers, alliés aux libéraux, l'appuient pour sa réélection. Il l'emporte par 5 055 voix contre 3 100 en février 1886. L'année sera plutôt tranquille. L'heure est à la reprise économique. Une nouvelle génération d'hommes d'affaires canadiens-français s'affirme et songe à créer une Chambre de commerce francophone, distincte du Board of Trade, ce qui se réalisera l'année suivante.
Le Caire. Hebba (Mona Zakki), animatrice télévisée en vogue, diffuse un talk-show nocturne sur Sun TV. D'humeur banale et anodine au départ, les émissions finissent par devenir un terrible tableau de la condition féminine en Égypte, sur fond de désagrégation morale et d'obscurantisme religieux conjugués. Ce qui n'a pas l'air de plaire à tout le monde, et, en premier lieu, au compagnon de Hebba, Karim (Hassan El Raddad), qui envisage de gravir l'échelon suprême, en tant que journaliste officiel…
Il entre en service le 14 mai 1784, comme cavalier au 5e régiment de chevau-légers, il devient brigadier le 14 mars 1785, et il obtient son congé le 17 août 1786.
La commune dispose d'une via ferrata nommée Les Saix de Miolène, permettant une activité intermédiaire entre randonnée pédestre et escalade.
Notices d'autorité : Fichier d’autorité international virtuel • International Standard Name Identifier • Bibliothèque nationale de France (données) • Système universitaire de documentation • Bibliothèque du Congrès • Gemeinsame Normdatei • Bibliothèque royale des Pays-Bas • Bibliothèque universitaire de Pologne • Bibliothèque nationale de Suède • Bibliothèque nationale d’Australie • WorldCat
(it) Cet article est partiellement ou en totalité issu de l’article de Wikipédia en italien intitulé « Museo Faina » (voir la liste des auteurs).
Le nationalisme völkischer promeut une forme particulière de nation comme un intermédiaire entre les individus et une entité supérieure (Nature, Univers). Ce nationalisme construit par opposition à ce qui est étranger ou dégénéré admet une hétérogénéité interne aussi bien sociale, culturelle que religieuse. Il a constitué la base idéologique raciste, antisémite et eugéniste du mouvement völkisch et du national-socialisme.
En mars 1970, l'historien Henri Guillemin donne une conférence au complexe Barbou de Liège. Au moment où Guillemin descend de son estrade, Noël Godin fonce sur lui et lui envoie une tarte à la figure. Guillemin reste sans voix, ce qui donne le temps à l'entarteur de s'enfuir. Un message est enfoui dans la crème : « Puisse cette tarte te rappeler, Henri, que l'Histoire, c'est aussi l'immédiat. »
Adam Young est né dans l'Iowa mais a grandi à Owatonna dans le Minnesota. Selon lui, c'est le fait de n'avoir jamais été dans une grande ville qui lui a permis de préserver une forme d'innocence qui s'exprime dans sa musique. Il déclare aimer la nature et notamment l'océan qu'il n'aura cependant eu l'occasion de voir de ses propres yeux qu'étant jeune adulte. Durant son enfance Adam Young a révélé qu'il n'avait pas beaucoup d'amis et qu'il était relativement solitaire. Il a commencé à composer de la musique adolescent à la suite d'une chute de skateboard qui l'a provisoirement empêché de pratiquer cette activité.
Le XV de France n’est de nouveau autorisé par les Britanniques à disputer le Tournoi qu’en 1940, mais cette édition n’a jamais lieu en raison de la Seconde Guerre mondiale.
Michaël fera retentir sa trompe et le messie fils de David se manifestera aux justes d'Israël restés dans le désert de Juda. Ils monteront à Jérusalem. Armilus sera stupéfait de leur audace et montera de nouveau les combattre, mais cette fois c'est Dieu qui mènera directement la bataille. Armilus et toutes ses armées mourront "et nul ne survivra de la maison d'Ésaü" (Ab. 1, 18).
Un mois après la disparition de La République, Beaugrand, qui a peut-être été tenté par un poste de correspondant à Paris pour le Boston Globe, revient au Canada pour de bon.
Un programme d'isolation phonique est proposé par Aéroports de Paris (ADP), prenant en charge de 80 à 100 % des frais d'insonorisation des logements, en fonction du revenu des occupants et de la zone de bruit concernée, déterminée par un plan de gêne sonore. Néanmoins ce programme nécessite plusieurs démarches et souvent un an, voire deux ou plus, pour aboutir. Le village de Roissy-en-France n'est de fait situé qu'en zone III de bruit, jugé d'impact modéré,. ADP diffuse régulièrement un magazine baptisé « Entre voisins », tente d'établir une communication régulière avec les riverains et a ouvert une maison de l'environnement sur la plate-forme, dans le but d'informer les habitants sur le trafic aérien et la diffusion du bruit.
1938 : le "marquis" de Parseval de Foudras vend l'ensemble à Marthe Billion du Rousset (1874 - 1960), veuve d'Henri-Pie de Parseval (1874 - 1930)
Au mois d’avril 1878, le gouvernement libéral de Mackenzie lui propose un poste temporaire de clerc surnuméraire au Parlement fédéral, une offre qu'il accepte. Il s'occupe en même temps de la publication à Ottawa du Fédéral, un journal de tendance libérale qui commence à paraître début mai. Expérience de courte durée, qui prendra fin pour lui le 24 juillet 1878, alors qu'il cède ses parts dans la publication. On l'invite à entrer à la rédaction du National, journal des libéraux de Montréal qui a succédé, en 1872, au Pays. Tout en travaillant au National, Beaugrand lance, le 26 octobre 1878, Le Farceur, un journal humoristique qui publie des feuilletons, des anecdotes, des historiettes, des charades et des aventures burlesques.
Taco Bell sert des articles basés sur la cuisine Tex-Mex, adaptés aux besoins de l'industrie de la restauration rapide, avec un grand choix de tacos et d'assaisonnements plus ou moins épicés.
À Mulhouse, Patricia Vest, présidente de l'association de commerçants du « Cœur de Mulhouse » et Anne-Marie Ambiehl, artiste plasticienne, ont lancé une opération de 3 mois mars, avril et mai 2015 invitant toute personne pratiquant (ou non) le tricot, le crochet, la couture etc. à venir contribuer individuellement ou collectivement à une œuvre artistique de grande ampleur consistant à habiller le Centre-ville de fil et de couleurs.
Ce cancer est relativement bien soigné, atteignant 90 % de guérison. Cependant, il y a de nettes différences entre les différents cas histologiques. Le suivi comprend à la fois la recherche éventuelle de métastases ainsi que des séquelles éventuelles liées à la chimiothérapie et à la radiothérapie.
Cette liste regroupe les guerres et conflits ayant vu la participation de la Pologne. Voici une légende facilitant la lecture de l'issue des guerres ci-dessous :
Le coût moyen d'un recrutement externe en France serait en moyenne de 8 000 euros en 2011, c'est-à-dire environ 30 % de la rémunération annuelle brute.
Les arbitres du championnat de France sont amateurs, à quatre exceptions près : Romain Poite, Jérôme Garcès, Pascal Gaüzère et Mathieu Raynal, lesquels sont professionnels et autorisés à arbitrer des test matchs entre équipes majeures du circuit international. Joël Jutge, ancien professionnel, a pris sa retraite pour raisons de santé en 2009. Éric Darrière fut également professionnel mais a préféré redevenir amateur et retrouver son métier de Conseiller Principal d'Éducation.
Un analogue structurel de la phénazone, l'amidopyrine, présente des propriétés antipyrétiques supérieures à la phénazone : Hoechst commercialisa le médicament Pyramidon de 1896 à 1934, date à laquelle il fut retiré du marché à la suite des cas de granulocytopénie dont il était la cause.
Des rivalités historiques ou régionales existent, et elles sont le plus souvent entretenues par les supporters. Par exemple, les clubs de Brive et de Clermont-Ferrand rivalisent depuis un siècle pour la suprématie du centre de la France. Béziers, Narbonne et Perpignan ont une longue histoire en Languedoc-Roussillon. Néanmoins, la limitation du nombre de clubs entraîne aussi la disparition de tels affrontements et donc du folklore qui les accompagne, dont le derby basque entre Bayonne et Biarritz. Certaines rivalités apparaissent comme celle entre le Stade toulousain et le Stade français, intensifiée depuis la demi-finale de la saison 1998 remportée 39-3 par le Stade français, repose à la fois sur une opposition Nord/Sud, Paris/Province et marketing/tradition. Depuis la saison 2009-2010 et le retour du Racing Métro 92 au sein de l'élite, le derby parisien qui a fait l'histoire de la compétition dans ses premières années revient au premier plan à l'ère du professionnalisme.
La Supercoupe de Moldavie de football est une compétition de football opposant le champion de Moldavie au vainqueur de la coupe de Moldavie.
Le chien d'Artois, parfois nommé grand chien d'Artois ou picard, est une race de chien de chasse d'origine française. Le chien d'Artois est un chien d'ordre de couleur tricolore. La nomenclature FCI le classe dans le groupe 6, section 1, sous-section 1.2 chiens courants de taille moyenne. Comme son nom l'indique, il est originaire de l'ancien comté d'Artois, qui constitue à présent une bonne partie du département du Pas-de-Calais. La race est utilisée comme chien courant et chien d'arrêt.
En 1999, Robert signe au Paris Saint-Germain. Il connait le meilleur avec ses premières sélections en équipe de France, récompense d'un début de saison tonitruant sous les couleurs du club parisien, mais également le pire en écopant de trois cartons rouges en une seule saison, ce qui le prive probablement d'une place chez les Bleus lors de l'Euro 2000.
L'Art de Performance Civique comprend les projets réalisés in situ sur des périodes allant de plusieurs mois à plusieurs années. Il inclut recherche, installation, peinture, performance, vidéo expérimentale, film documentaire, et modèles architecturaux. Il analyse les effets sur les individus, communautés, villes et paysages de situations arbitraires et de domination. L'Art de Performance Civique expose l'État d'Urgence qui imprègne tous les aspects de l'expérience de populations déplacées, que ce déplacement soit physique (immigrés), social (quartiers-ghettos) ou politique (guerre, occupation). Il est inter-disciplinaire, référant tant à la philosophie, l'histoire, l'anthropologie et les sciences politiques qu'aux médias, théorie culturelle, trauma et mémoire. Il a trois principaux objectifs: rendre visibles des histoires qui ont été effacées et les activer comme site de performance, produire une documentation visuelle critique, et créer des espaces de dialogue inter-communautaire.
Roissy connaît une forte hausse de sa population qui peut s'expliquer par son dynamisme économique : par rapport au précédent recensement de 1990, la commune avait gagné 313 habitants en neuf ans. En vingt-quatre ans, depuis 1975, la commune avait gagné 1 005 habitants. Cette hausse semble se confirmer au vu des résultats provisoires de 2006 : la commune aurait encore gagné 197 habitants en sept ans.
Le Club Baloncesto León, aussi connu comme Climalia León, est un club de espagnol basket-ball basé dans la ville de León. Le club joue la saison 2008-2009 en Liga española de baloncesto, la deuxième division du championnat d'Espagne.
Honoré Beaugrand est l'auteur d'un grand nombre d'articles parus dans les journaux au Canada et aux États-Unis. Il a également publié un roman, un recueil de contes, des conférences et des récits de voyage.
Créée en 1986 et portée à l’époque par des pilotes automobiles comme Alain Prost ou Ayrton Senna (pilotes McLaren), la TAG Heuer F1 comporte une lunette tournante noire, une couronne vissée et crantée, un verre saphir, un bracelet à double sécurité et une lunette unidirectionnelle. Elle est étanche à 200 mètres. En 2010, une collection « Acier & Céramique » est proposée pour les femmes, avec ou sans diamants. Aujourd'hui son look décontracté est largement adopté en dehors des paddocks.
Les Latobices, avec les Rauraques, les Tulinges et les Boïens accompagnent les Helvètes, commandés par Divico, dans leur migration vers l’ouest de la Gaule. Après le mort d’Orgétorix, les Helvètes persistent dans leur décision d’abandonner leur territoire et de s’installer en Saintonge, brûlant leurs 12 villes et leurs 400 villages.
Bien qu'attribué à Noël Godin par la presse, l'entartage de Patrick Bruel fut en réalité réalisé par un de ses complices. Le 11 décembre 1993, Patrick Bruel est dans sa suite de l'hôtel Amigo à Bruxelles. Il y a beaucoup de mesures de sécurité puisque l'hôtel héberge aussi Helmut Kohl et Jacques Delors. Huit complices de Noël Godin, tous habillés en Georges le Gloupier, réussissent à entrer dans l'hôtel. À un moment donné, Patrick Bruel sort de sa suite et descend dans le hall où l'attendent des fans et plusieurs journalistes. Alors qu'il est en train de signer un autographe, un des entarteurs lui envoie sa tarte à la figure en s'écriant : « Et pan, pan, pan, pan ! Sur l'affreux pou chantant ! ». En recevant la tarte, Bruel explose de colère puis retourne dans sa suite se doucher.
En décembre 1969, c'est le complice de Noël Godin, Jean-Pierre Bouyxou qui joue cette fois le rôle de Georges Le Gloupier. Ce dernier attend le maître de ballet Maurice Béjart à la sortie du Théâtre de la Monnaie à Bruxelles. Lorsque Béjart sort de l'immeuble, Bouyxou lui envoie sa tarte à la figure avec une telle véhémence que Béjart en perd l'équilibre ; il fait alors un entrechat acrobatique et retombe sur ses pieds. Dans la crème est enfoui un message : « Cette tarte, Maurice, ne peut pas en tout cas te rendre plus disgracieux que lorsque tu danses. » Malgré le fait que Béjart se plaint du traitement reçu, cet entartage n'ayant pas été filmé, il aura peu d'échos dans les médias.
Le principe d'obstacle au débit de fluide : le papillon, l'opercule, le boisseau conique, le boisseau sphérique, le trois-voies, la guillotine, etc.
C'est un midrash qui mérite de prendre place entre l'eschatologie juive de l'époque romaine d'une part, et celle de l'époque moderne d'autre part.
Après plusieurs années d'entartages individuels, Noël Godin désire essayer de nouvelles façons d'entarter. En mai 1999, le gratin bruxellois était réuni au Palais des beaux-arts de Bruxelles pour assister à la remise des prix du Concours musical international Reine Élisabeth de Belgique. La reine Fabiola fait partie des invités. Au moment où le troisième lauréat s'avance vers la scène, une pluie de crème Chantilly provenant des balcons s'abat sur l'assistance. Au dos des assiettes était écrit : « De la crème pour la crème ». Les médias rapporteront qu'environ une vingtaine de tartes avaient été lancées dans l'assistance. Joint plus tard au téléphone par un journaliste, Noël Godin affirmera : « Pour une fois, c'est le public que nous visions, le gratin des trognons royalistes et m'as-tu-vu ».
On trouve sur une place du chef-lieu de La Réunion surplombant la Rivière Saint-Denis une arche encadrant un portail ouvert sur laquelle est inscrite en son honneur une définition que Michel Debré avait faite de lui-même : « Créole un jour, créole toujours. »
Après plus de dix ans d'attente, un vaste chantier de rénovation du bâtiment a débuté au printemps 2011 et a été achevé en 2014. Ces différents travaux ont permis la modernisation de l'immeuble (rénovation des appartements, installation d'ascenseurs supplémentaires, installation de bardages avec matériaux isolants sur les façades, installation de panneaux solaires, etc.), le désenclavement du quartier et la diversification de la population résidente (composée en grande partie de locataires sociaux).
En 2015, la commune comptait 656 habitants, en augmentation de 1,23 % par rapport à 2010 (Pas-de-Calais : +0,78 %, France hors Mayotte : +2,44 %).
Élu au Parlement européen en 1979, il annonce sa candidature à l'élection présidentielle le 29 juin 1980 et développe une ardente campagne solitaire en faveur de la natalité. N'étant pas rompu aux techniques de communication, il voit les intentions de vote en sa faveur s'effondrer. Face au président du RPR Jacques Chirac et à Marie-France Garaud, qui se réclament tous les deux du gaullisme, il ne recueille que 1,66 % des voix et appelle à voter en faveur de Valéry Giscard d'Estaing le 5 mai 1981. Il est la personnalité ayant réalisé le plus petit score lors d'une élection présidentielle parmi les Premiers ministres qui se sont portés candidats à ce scrutin.
par le recours aux agences et organisations d'embauche officielles ou non, telles qu'en France, le Pôle emploi (anciennement l’ANPE) et les maisons de l'emploi ou Cap Emploi pour le recrutement de Personnes reconnus « Travailleur Handicapé » ;
Le poil est court, épais et assez plat. La robe est de couleur tricolore. Le fauve est foncé, tirant sur le poil de lièvre ou de blaireau. Le noir forme un manteau ou de grandes taches. La tête est habituellement fauve, quelquefois charbonnée.
TAG Heuer est un fabricant suisse de montres de sport et de chronographes de précision. L'entreprise est basée à La Chaux-de-Fonds (Suisse), elle fait partie du groupe LVMH depuis 1999.
Après le début de la Révolution, il prend le commandement d'une compagnie de la Garde nationale en 1789, puis administrateur du dixième arrondissement de Paris en 1790.
Dans le département des Landes, le ruisseau de la Gouaougue traverse quatre communes et un canton : dans le sens amont vers aval : Doazit (source), Maylis, Larbey et Saint-Aubin (confluence).
Le recueil de contes La Chasse-galerie a fait l'objet de plusieurs éditions depuis sa toute première parution en 1900 parue chez Beauchemin avec des illustrations d'Henri Julien et Raoul Barré. Voici quelques-unes des éditions les plus récentes :
Parmi les 182 espèces d'oiseaux présentes, on remarque le canard colvert, le canard pilet, le canard gris, la sarcelle d'été et la sarcelle d'hiver, le fuligule milouin, le grand tétras et le tétras lyre, la gélinotte des bois, la caille, le râle des genêts, la bécasse, la bécassine, la bécassine sourde et la bécassine double. Les espèces rares sont représentées par la cigogne noire, l'aigle royal, le faucon pèlerin et le balbuzard pêcheur.
Henri Houmaire, Les Origines des Armoiries de Roissy-en-France : Gentien de Billy, Gentien de Mesmes, Roissy-en-France, Mairie de Roissy-en-France, 2011
L'Abécédaire de la République et du citoyen, Paris, Flammarion, 2002 (codir. avec Christian Amalvi, Marie-Christine Chaudonneret et Alice Gérard)
En 1964, Roissy était un village du Pays de France de mille-trois-cents âmes dont 95 % des terres étaient encore agricoles. Néanmoins depuis la Seconde Guerre mondiale, le village demeurait pauvre, le conseil municipal rencontrait de sérieux soucis budgétaires. Cette année-là par exemple, les dépenses s'élevaient à 197 974 francs mais les recettes fiscales, elles, ne se montaient qu'à 95 954 francs. L'année 1964 vit également se généraliser l'éclairage public électrique grâce à un contrat avec la société Philips.
Seuls trois clubs ont réussi le triplé : le Stade français en 1893-1894-1895, le Stade toulousain en 1922-1923-1924 et le FC Lourdes en 1956-1957-1958.
Pour la rédaction de la constitution de 1958, il s'inspire directement du discours de Bayeux, dans lequel de Gaulle a « magnifiquement décrit la Constitution telle qu'il l'estimait nécessaire au bien de la France » : parlement bicaméral avec une chambre basse représentant les électeurs et une chambre haute la tempérant et représentant la « vie locale » et les « grandes activités du pays » ; prééminence du Gouvernement dans l'élaboration de la loi ; renforcement des pouvoirs du président de la République, « arbitre » « placé au-dessus des partis », qui choisit les membres du gouvernement et dirige leur travail, peut prendre les pleins pouvoirs ou faire appel au peuple.
En avril 2003, un ami de Noël Godin, le cinéaste Benoît Lamy, invite Godin et sa femme à se rendre avec lui au Québec dans le cadre d'un documentaire sur les entarteurs qu'il réalise. Rendu là-bas, Godin et les sympathisants québécois décident d'entarter les trois candidats de l'élection provinciale dont la campagne électorale se déroule à ce moment-là. Une première équipe composée de Noël Godin, sa femme et deux entartistes québécois se rendent au quartier général d'un des députés que doit visiter Jean Charest, le chef du Parti libéral du Québec. Au moment où Jean Charest s'avance vers sa caravane, la femme de Noël Godin, Sylvie Van Hiel, envoie une tarte à la figure de Charest, qui tombe par terre. Pendant que les policiers arrêtent Sylvie Van Hiel, Godin réussit à envoyer une tarte sur la tête de Charest. Plus tard, une deuxième équipe réussit quant à elle à entarter le chef de l'Action démocratique du Québec Mario Dumont ; le chef du Parti québécois, Bernard Landry, ne sera pas entarté puisque ayant appris la nouvelle de l'entartage de Jean Charest il veillera à ce que la sécurité autour de lui soit renforcée. Jean Charest porta plainte contre Godin et sa femme pour l'entartage ; ils sont arrêtés juste avant leur retour en Europe ; ils sont relâchés en échange d'une caution de 500 dollars (environ 360 euros) chacun. Avant de les relâcher, la police leur déconseille de remettre les pieds au Canada ou aux États-Unis.
Vers la fin de l'année consulaire 284 ou au début de 283 av. J.-C., une armée gauloise composée d'éléments sénons et peut-être boïens traverse les Apennins, probablement pour rejoindre ses alliés étrusques de Vulci et Volsinii. Les gaulois Sénons assiègent la ville d'Arretium, dans le nord-est de l'Étrurie, peut-être dans le but de provoquer une réaction des Romains et de les contraindre à envoyer une armée dans une région éloignée des cités de Vulci et Volsinii, sur le territoire d'une cité restée fidèle à Rome. Lucius Caecilius Metellus Denter prend le commandement de l'armée romaine pour stopper la progression de l'armée gauloise qui est peut-être menée par le Sénon Britomaris, ou le père de celui-ci, et lever le siège d'Arretium. Au courant des manœuvres des cités étrusques, il pourrait avoir tenté d'abord de négocier avec les Gaulois.
En décembre 2013, Tomlinson a voyagé aux États-Unis pour être formé comme catcheur, un contrat de développement par la WWE. Il a été affecté à la WWE Performance Center et a pris le nom de ring Hugo Knox. Knox a fait ses débuts sur le ring pour la NXT, lors d'un Live Event le 8 novembre 2014.
Il s'est rendu célèbre pour ses jets de tarte à la crème, ou « entartages », sur de nombreuses personnalités de différentes nationalités. Lorsqu'il a reçu le Grand Prix de l'humour noir en 1995 et le Prix de la dent dure en 1996, il s'est entarté lui-même.
Dès 1928, Heuer chronomètre les premières courses de ski alpin, tant en slalom qu’en descente. Puis, dans les années 1930, l’entreprise se distingue en tant que chronométreur des compétitions de ski de vitesse à Saint-Moritz et aux championnats du monde de bobsleigh à Caux.
Le tunnel de Meyssiez, long de 1 911 mètres, est situé au point kilométrique (PK) 440,545 de la LGV Rhône-Alpes, entre le viaduc de Meyssiez et la limite entre les départements de l'Isère et de la Drôme et plus globalement entre les gares de Lyon-Saint-Exupéry TGV et de Valence-Rhône-Alpes-Sud TGV.
Mairie, 40 avenue du Général-de-Gaulle : Bien que reflétant un style architectural souvent utilisé pour les édifices publics de la région pendant les années 1930, il s'agit d'une ancienne maison particulière construite en 1933 selon les plans de l'architecte Georges Regin. Le toit est constitué d'une superposition de deux toits à deux croupes. Devant des murs en béton, les façades présentent un parement de pierres irrégulières du milieu du rez-de-chaussée au milieu de l'étage, encadré par des briques rouges en dessus et en dessous. Une partie des façades est simplement couverte d'enduit et peinte en blanc, ce qui donne trois matières différentes. La travée centrale de la façade occidentale est surmonté d'un pignon, et de vastes baies plein cintre éclairent les pièces du rez-de-chaussée. Le balcon au-dessus de l'entrée ne date que de 1981, année de l'aménagement du bâtiment comme mairie,.
La commune possède un cabinet médical qui accueille un médecin, un dentiste, une infirmière, un kinésithérapeute et un podologue (rue Jean-Moulin). Roissy relève de l'hôpital de Gonesse (25, rue Pierre-de-Theilley).
Le budget moyen des clubs du Top 14 devrait se rapprocher de celui des clubs de Ligue 1, mais un écart important devrait subsister car le football reste de loin le sport le plus populaire en France et à l'étranger, les droits télévisuels ont été revus à la hausse lors de l'appel d'offres en 2007 (+ 50 %) et des clubs comme le Rugby Club Toulonnais (25 M€ de budget), le Stade toulousain (35 M€), Stade français (21 M€) et ASM Clermont (27 M€) commencent à concurrencer des clubs de football en termes de budget, de popularité et de capacité d'attraction de sponsors. L'organisation de l'édition 2007 de la coupe du monde de rugby en France a popularisé davantage le rugby à XV en dehors de ses régions traditionnelles d’implantation.
Henri Houmaire, Roissy-en-France 1000-1800 : Répertoire chronologique de l'histoire du village : Documents et archives. Premier tome 1700-1800, Roissy-en-France, Mairie de Roissy-en-France, 2012, 116 p.
En 1697, les comédiens italiens du roi, menés par Evariste Gherardi annoncèrent au public français La Fausse Prude, satire de Madame de Maintenon, épouse secrète du Roi : Louis XIV les chassa de sa cour et ils durent s'exiler. Ils ne furent rappelés par le Régent qu'après la mort du roi.
Le 8 avril 1793, il est désigné, avec deux autres commissaires, pour accompagner à Marseille les membres de la famille de Bourbon, dont Philippe Égalité, non détenus à la prison du Temple.
En tant que maire, Beaugrand entend favoriser la prospérité et le rayonnement de la ville. Le francophile qu'il est met au premier plan les relations avec la France. « Le Cercle national français, dont il est président d’honneur, est ainsi créé à l’été 1885 afin d’intéresser la France aux progrès de la colonie française à Montréal et de s’occuper notamment de la question de l’immigration française au Canada. L’année suivante, la Chambre de commerce française de Montréal sera fondée afin d’œuvrer aux mêmes buts.»
Chimiothérapie initiale (ou pré-opératoire, dite néo-adjuvante) qui associe l'actinomycine D et la vincristine et qui vise une réduction du volume de la tumeur, ainsi qu'un durcissement (rendu fibreux) en vue de la chirurgie.
Adversaire du fascisme, il rejoint le Parti communiste d'Allemagne en 1926 et est l'un des membres fondateurs de l'ASSO (Association allemande des Artistes prolétariens et révolutionnaires) à Dresde en 1929.
C’est en 1920 que les premiers transports automobiles apparaissent à Roissy. L’exploitation de ces transports a longtemps été assurée par des familles du village. Privée de moyens efficaces pour la livraison des marchandises, l’économie du village entre dans une lente récession et connaît un appauvrissement inquiétant. En 1950 une seule ligne de bus relie le village à Paris. Dans les années 1960, le paysage de la plaine de France autour de Roissy va changer de visage rapidement. L'autoroute du Nord, Paris - Lille est tracée et réalisée, mais aucune bretelle directe de raccordement.
Noël Godin a contribué, dès le début de sa parution, à l'hebdomadaire pamphlétaire Siné Hebdo, créé par le dessinateur Siné, et dans lequel il tenait la rubrique « L'Entarteur littéraire ». Après l'arrêt du journal, il poursuit ses chroniques anarcho-littéraires dans le mensuel satirique de Paul Carali Psikopat, dans les canards rebelles La Mèche, aujourd'hui disparu, Le Bateau ivre (en Belgique), Zélium, et CQFD, dans la revue en ligne ventscontraires.net et dans Siné Mensuel.
Elle varie selon les époques, les pays et les types de postes. Le droit international interdit par exemple le travail des enfants. En France, certains principes généraux doivent être respectés au recrutement, dont la non-discrimination pour un certain nombre de critères (18 sont imposés par la loi, éventuellement enrichis par exemple par des chartes de développement durable ou la Charte de la diversité).
Rédigé en hébreu, il dévoile en dix étapes les événements censés devoir se produire à la fin des temps, au moment de la rédemption. Il emprunte des éléments à un opuscule mieux daté, le livre de Zorobabel, du début du VIIe siècle.
Chevènement porte plainte pour l'entartage dont il a été victime ; le Tribunal correctionnel de Paris condamne Noël Godin à une amende de 800 euros. Ce dernier interjette appel de la décision mais la cour d'appel confirme le verdict. Comme le verdict fera jurisprudence en France Godin décide de former un pourvoi en cassation. La chambre criminelle de la Cour de cassation confirme le verdict et condamne Godin à payer 1 euro symbolique à Chevènement et 2 500 euros au Trésor public. Au total, Godin doit débourser 8 373 euros en frais divers. Comme il n'a pas un sou, lui et sa femme organisent une soirée bénéfice à la discothèque bruxelloise Le Dirty Dancing ; cela leur permettra d'acquitter la somme due.
À peine un an après avoir été dévoilée à la Foire horlogère de Bâle, une autre « concept watch », la Monaco Sixty Nine, est produite à son tour. Première montre réversible munie d’un mouvement double[réf. nécessaire] (d’un côté, le cadran de la Monaco avec son mouvement mécanique à remontage manuel ; de l’autre, le cadran numérique du Microtimer, avec son mouvement à quartz précis au 1/1 000e de seconde), elle remporte également le prix de « la Montre design » au Grand Prix d’Horlogerie de Genève[réf. nécessaire]. À la Foire horlogère de Bâle de 2005, TAG Heuer présente un garde-temps mécanique, le Calibre 360 Concept Chronograph. Il s’agit du premier chronographe-bracelet mécanique capable de mesurer et d’afficher le temps au 1/100e de seconde, grâce à la fréquence de son balancier oscillant à 360 000 alternances par heure, soit dix fois plus vite que tout autre chronographe. L’année suivante, TAG Heuer reçoit un « Red Dot Design Award » pour ce « concept chronograph » dont le mouvement est certifié chronomètre par le Contrôle officiel suisse des chronomètres (COSC). En 2006, TAG Heuer lance le nouveau « concept chronograph » Monaco Calibre 360 LS (Linear Second). Lancée la même année, l’édition limitée de la TAG Heuer Carrera Calibre 360 en or rose, une autre version du Calibre 360 Concept Chronograph, remporte le prix de la Montre sport au Grand Prix d’Horlogerie de Genève[réf. nécessaire].
La commune possède un espace vert principal : le « jardin de la mairie ». Il est prolongé au sud par le parc de l'orangerie, composé de six petits jardins à thème, d'un parcours de santé, ainsi qu'un petit parc en extension, le « parc du Cèdre ». L'arbre qui lui a donné son nom est un des trois cèdres vestiges du parc du château, qui comptait de nombreuses essences. Les deux autres sont situés sur l'emprise aéroportuaire, de l'autre côté de l'autoroute du Nord. Une zone récréative a également été aménagée dans une vallée sèche. Cet espace, baptisé la « vallée verte », comprend trois circuits pédestres balisés et une piste cyclable. Roissy possède toujours par ailleurs trois-cents hectares de terres agricoles.
La douzième édition de la Coupe Charles Drago est organisée durant la deuxième partie de la saison 1963-1964 par la Ligue nationale de football pour les clubs professionnels français, et se déroule sur une période de février à juin. La compétition oppose les clubs éliminés de la Coupe de France de football avant les demi-finales.
Le règne de Sigeberht est marqué une campagne systématique de reconversion des Saxons de l'Est dirigée par Cedd : l'Essex avait commencé à être évangélisé dans les années 600 par Mellitus, le premier évêque de Londres, mais le royaume était retombé dans le paganisme après la mort du roi Sæberth.
Ce village a été rendu mondialement célèbre en 1974 lors de l'implantation de l'aéroport international qui porte son nom et occupe une partie de son territoire. Mais à l'écart des installations aéroportuaires, Roissy demeure un village caractéristique du Pays de France.
Michel Debré est le fils du professeur Robert Debré (1882-1978), considéré comme le fondateur de la pédiatrie moderne en France et de Jeanne Debat-Ponsan, agrégée de médecine. Petit-fils du rabbin Simon Debré (1854-1939) et du peintre Édouard Debat-Ponsan, il est sans doute le membre le plus éminent de la famille Debré, une famille qui a donné à son pays plusieurs grands hommes, notamment des médecins, ainsi que le peintre Olivier Debré, frère de Michel.
Roissy possède quelques commerces de proximité et petites entreprises. On trouve dans le village deux supérettes (Carrefour Market et Petit Casino), une boulangerie, une librairie, un bar-tabac, un salon de coiffure, une pharmacie, un fleuriste, un tatoueur et un atelier de reprographie.
En 1817, il est chanoine de la cathédrale de Saint-Brieuc, jusqu'en 1823. Le 23 juillet de cette année, il est sacré évêque de Beauvais dans la chapelle du séminaire d'Issy.
Depuis lors, BHL est l'une des rares personnalités à avoir subi plusieurs entartages. Le 18 mars 2006, il a été entarté pour les 7e et 8e fois par les « tueurs à gags » des « brigades pâtissières » de Noël Godin au 26e Salon du livre de Paris. Godin a déjà déclaré plusieurs fois que ce qui pourrait ressembler à de l'acharnement prendra fin lorsque Lévy montrera que le « message » est passé en entonnant en public la chanson de Maurice Chevalier Le Chapeau de Zozo.
« Et un autre roi se lèvera à Rome et règnera sur toutes les nations pendant neuf mois ». À la fin des neuf mois se révèlera le messie fils de Joseph qui rassemblera Israël de tous les pays. Il s'appellera Néhémie fils de Hushiel. Il fera la guerre au roi de Rome/d'Edom et le tuera. Il apportera de Rome les ustensiles du temple qui s'y trouvaient cachés ("dans la maison de Jules César"). Le roi d'Égypte fera la paix avec lui et tuera tous ceux qui habitaient autour de Jérusalem, jusque Damas et Ashqélon.
À partir de la saison suivante, les 40 clubs du Groupe B disputent un championnat à part et n’ont plus la possibilité de se qualifier pour les phases finales du Groupe A. Dès lors, le Groupe A est organisé en quatre poules de dix clubs, dont les huit premiers se qualifient pour les seizièmes de finale (cinq poules de huit en 1983-1984).
Tout groupe de Lie G est naturellement inclus (par translation à gauche) dans son groupe des difféomorphismes, et Diff(G) est le produit semi-direct de ce sous-groupe par le sous-groupe Diff(G,e) des difféomorphismes qui fixent l'élément neutre e de G.
Roissy-en-France totalisait exactement 1 000 logements en 1999, dont 882 résidences principales. L’âge moyen du parc immobilier était beaucoup plus faible que la tendance régionale. Les constructions neuves sont nettement plus présentes que la moyenne de la région : en 1999, 26,3 % des résidences principales dataient de 1990 ou après contre seulement 9,1 % en Île-de-France. A contrario, les constructions antérieures à 1949 ne représentaient que 16,7 % du parc contre 33,7 % pour la moyenne régionale francilienne.
En amont, la première des Trois Gorges est celle de Qutang. Avec une longueur de huit kilomètres, elle est la plus courte des trois mais c'est la plus spectaculaire. Les falaises de calcaire escarpées s'élèvent jusqu'à 1 200 mètres au-dessus du fleuve et le resserrent étroitement dans un lit de cent mètres de largeur, obligeant son flot à traverser la gorge à vive allure. C'est un site composé d'un réseau complexe de collines, de falaises, de rochers et de grottes.
Le tableau suivant donne les meilleurs marqueurs d'essais [Quand ?] du championnat de France de rugby à XV depuis le passage à l'ère professionnelle. Ce classement est dominé par l'ancien Montpelliérain Laurent Arbo.
En 2009, PGO annonce la commercialisation de son Hemera. Ce petit coupé séduit immédiatement la presse spécialisée par son look et sa finition intérieure. Les puristes et les aficionados du sport automobile apprécient la ligne remarquable et la proposition étonnante du constructeur alèsien. Mue par un 2.0 essence développant 140 chevaux d’origine Peugeot, le coupé développe des performances que beaucoup jugèrent moyennes compte tenu du châssis.
Toute la carrière politique de Michel Debré est placée sous le signe de la fidélité au général de Gaulle, qu'il rejoint à Londres en 1943 ; il est véritablement un « compagnon », pour reprendre le terme utilisé jusqu'aux années 1990 pour désigner les membres du parti gaulliste. Il participe à la création du Rassemblement du peuple français (RPF), fait entendre la voix des gaullistes au Conseil de la République entre 1948 et 1958 en tant que président du groupe des Républicains sociaux, et passe l'essentiel de la Quatrième République à demander le rappel du Général aux affaires.
Mobilisé en 1939, il est deux fois blessé pendant la bataille de France. Il reprend ses activités d'avocat en 1940 et entre tôt dans la Résistance. Il est arrêté et inculpé avec d'autres avocats pour propagande gaulliste en janvier 1941. Il est emprisonné à la Santé pendant deux mois. Après le démantèlement de son premier réseau, il entre dans un autre groupe et participe au combat pour la libération de Paris.
La commune se trouve dans l'arrondissement d'Arras du département du Pas-de-Calais. Pour l'élection des députés, elle fait partie de la première circonscription du Pas-de-Calais.
Éric de Beukelaer est titulaire de licences en droit, droit canon, philosophie et théologie. Il fut ordonné prêtre en 1991 puis fut professeur de l'histoire de l'Église et de droit canon au séminaire de Liège. Il devint de 2002 à 2010 porte-parole francophone des évêques belges. Entre 2011 et 2016, il fut curé-doyen du centre ville de Liège et curé de l’unité pastorale Saint-Lambert-au-Cœur-de-Liège, il présidait auparavant le séminaire Saint-Paul à Louvain-la-Neuve. Depuis septembre 2016, il est Vicaire épiscopal du diocèse de Liège pour les questions temporelles (juridiques, économiques, patrimoniales). Il est également Chanoine titulaire de la Cathédrale Saint-Paul de Liège.
Le prix des places pour un match du Top 14 est tout à fait abordable, il est habituellement de 10 euros pour une place en pelouse, et de 15 à 40 euros pour des places en gradins.
Enfin, sept clubs ont réussi le doublé lorsque le rugby était encore amateur : le Stade toulousain en 1926-1927 et en 1985-1986; le Stade français en 1897-1898; le FC Lourdes en 1952-1953; l'AS Béziers à cinq reprises : 1971-1972, 1974-1975, 1977-1978, 1980-1981 et 1983-1984; le SU Agen en 1965-1966; le Castres olympique en 1949-1950; le Lyon OU en 1932-1933.
Généralement considéré, non sans quelque raison, comme « jacobin », il montre une grande méfiance vis-à-vis des collectivités locales et de la décentralisation, dans laquelle il voit la renaissance des anciennes provinces et la mise en péril de l'unité de l'État. À la Libération, voulant supprimer les régions créées par le régime de Vichy tout en modernisant la vieille organisation départementale, il propose une refonte de l'administration territoriale de la France en quarante-sept départements issus de fusions ou de réarrangements. En 1969, il sera très critique vis-à-vis du projet de régionalisation, bien qu'il appelât à voter « Oui » par fidélité à de Gaulle. Il refuse en 1982 les lois de décentralisation.
Le village est situé au centre de la plaine de France, vaste plateau légèrement incliné au sud vers Paris constitué de calcaire de Saint-Ouen, particulièrement résistant à l'érosion, qui a donné une structure tabulaire à la région. Le soulèvement alpin et pyrénéen au pliocène a contribué à affirmer ce caractère. Une légère dépression consécutive à un affaissement occupe le sud de la plaine : le synclinal abrite la fosse de Saint-Denis qui voit s'écouler les rares rivières de la plaine, le Croult, et le Petit Rosne en particulier. Le village se trouve quant à lui sur le flanc nord de cette dépression, à l'extrémité d'une vallée sèche. Les altitudes varient de 116 mètres au nord à 76 mètres au sud et jusqu'à 67 mètres à l'ouest dans le creux de la vallée sèche à la limite de Vaudherland. L'absence de cours d'eau et de carrières souterraines rend la commune peu soumise à des risques naturels, seuls trois secteurs de surface limitée présentent des risques de mouvements de terrain, sur la plate-forme aéroportuaire et en limite de Vaudherland.
Le texte se base sur un fond oriental, en utilisant par exemple un mot arabe comme walad (enfant) et en développant les signes apocalyptiques selon une division en dix, que l'on retrouve dans la tradition islamique.[réf. nécessaire] L'auteur regarde l'Égypte sous un jour très favorable, puisqu'il apparaît comme un havre de paix pour Israël avant la tempête (sixième signe). Mais il élabore sur cette base une strate latinisante, où l'on trouve par exemple le mot vaï pour dire "malheur", ainsi que l'insistance sur Rome (qui ne semble pas être Byzance, comme dans le livre de Zorobabel). Il se situe donc probablement en Occident plusieurs siècles après les débuts de cette forme d'apocalyptique au VIIe siècle. Peut-être faut-il le situer en Espagne, dans le contexte de la reconquista.
Le championnat de France est de plus en plus populaire : lors de la saison 2008-09, il y a eu 12 737 spectateurs par match, soit une progression de 9 % par rapport la saison précédente. Au total, 2 356 349 spectateurs ont assisté aux 185 matchs du championnat. L'augmentation de la popularité du championnat bénéficie du fait que le rugby est d'une manière générale plus populaire en France, elle est due aussi à l'instauration du Top 14 avec une formule enfin stabilisée et une élite resserrée comparable à celle des autres grandes compétitions de rugby (Super 15, Premiership et Celtic League). Le record de fréquentation est de nouveau battu lors de la saison 2009-2010 avec une moyenne par match s'établissant à 13 529 spectateurs. De plus, l'UEFA estime que certains stades de football ne sont désormais plus adaptés aux éxigences européennes, les clubs de rugby comme l'Union Bordeaux Bègles ou le Lyon OU devraient emménager définitivement au Stade Chaban-Delmas et au Stade de Gerland ainsi l'Union Bordeaux Bègles est la meilleure affluence du top 14 et d'Europe.
Les servomoteurs sont actionnés par l'air comprimé (vanne pneumatique), l'eau ou l'huile (vanne hydraulique), l'électricité (servomoteur électrique d'une électrovanne).
Pour une variété connexe M, le groupe des difféomorphismes agit transitivement sur M. Il agit même transitivement sur la variété des configurations CnM pour tout entier naturel n et, si la dimension de M est au moins 2, sur la variété des configurations FnM : l'action sur M est « multiplement transitive ».
Au référendum sur le traité constitutionnel pour l’Europe du 29 mai 2005, les Roisséens avaient très largement rejeté la Constitution Européenne, avec 64,11 % pour le Non, 35,89 % pour le Oui et un taux d’abstention de 37,04 % (France entière : Non à 54,67 % ; Oui à 45,33 %). Ces chiffres sont supérieurs à la tendance départementale du Val-d'Oise (Non à 53,47 % ; Oui à 46,53 %) mais inverses aux résultats franciliens (Oui 53,99 % ; Non 46,01 %).
Le développement du rugby est favorisé en France par Pierre de Coubertin, passionné de rugby et qui souhaite reproduire ce modèle éducatif anglais dans les grands établissements parisiens en guise de rééducation physique et morale des futures élites du pays qui a connu la défaite de 1870.
Markus Kupferblum, un metteur en scène autrichien, introduit les règles de jeu et la hiérarchie des caractères de la commedia aux histoires contemporaines, soit au théâtre, soit à l’opéra.
Notices d'autorité : Fichier d’autorité international virtuel • International Standard Name Identifier • Bibliothèque nationale de France (données) • Système universitaire de documentation • Bibliothèque du Congrès • Gemeinsame Normdatei • Bibliothèque royale des Pays-Bas • WorldCat
L'Office de Tourisme "Roissy clé de France" propose au public un parcours piéton en visite libre, avec un audio guide disponible en trois versions (français, anglais et espagnol), également téléchargeables sur le site internet de l'organisme. Les dix-huit stations attirent l'attention du visiteur sur l'histoire du village et ses particularités. Le parcours s'effectue en une heure environ.
(en) Cet article est partiellement ou en totalité issu de l’article de Wikipédia en anglais intitulé « Sigeberht the Good » (voir la liste des auteurs).
Pour toute variété M, on a une extension de groupes 0 → Diff0(M) → Diff(M) → Σ(π0M), où π0M désigne l'ensemble des composantes connexes de M, Diff0(M) est le sous-groupe des difféomorphismes qui fixent globalement chacune, et Σ désigne le groupe symétrique. De plus, l'image de Diff(M) dans Σ(π0M) est le sous-groupe de toutes les permutations qui préservent les classes de difféomorphisme des composantes connexes.
Aux six clubs qualifiés à la suite du premier tour se joignent les clubs professionnels éliminés en seizièmes de finale de la Coupe de France : Aix-en-Provence, Angers, Béziers, Forbach, Lille, Metz, Monaco, Saint-Étienne et Sedan.
En 1719, le domaine était la propriété du financier John Law, puis en 1725 d'Antoine Portail, premier président de la Cour du Parlement, dont la fille épousa Victor-Pierre-François Riquet de Caraman, petit-fils de Pierre-Paul Riquet réalisateur du canal du Midi. Il devint ainsi seigneur de Roissy en 1730. La famille Riquet de Caraman conserva la seigneurie jusqu'à la Révolution, époque à laquelle le domaine fut vendu comme bien national. Lors du dénombrement de l'élection de Paris en 1709, on comptait 167 feux, au milieu du XVIIIe siècle, le dictionnaire universel de la France (paru en 1726) évaluait le nombre d'habitants à 675.
C’est l’époque durant laquelle apparaissent dans le monde entier les chronographes Heuer au poignet de célèbres clients – parmi lesquels Harry S. Truman, le général Dwight D. Eisenhower, Henry Ford, le prince Guillaume de Suède et le roi Bhumibol de Thaïlande.
Les clubs de Bourgoin-Jallieu, du Biarritz olympique, de l'Union Bordeaux Bègles, du Stade toulousain, du Lyon OU et du RC Toulon ont emboîté le pas au Stade français en organisant respectivement des rencontres du Top 14 au Stade Geoffroy-Guichard de Saint-Étienne, au stade d'Anoeta de Saint-Sébastien, au Stade Chaban-Delmas de Bordeaux, au Stadium de Toulouse, au Stade de Gerland de Lyon et au Stade Vélodrome de Marseille, soit dans des stades d'au moins 30 000 places.
Notices d'autorité : Fichier d’autorité international virtuel • International Standard Name Identifier • Bibliothèque nationale de France (données) • Système universitaire de documentation • Bibliothèque du Congrès • Gemeinsame Normdatei • WorldCat
Une innovation des plus originales se produit à l’occasion de la saison 1973-1974. Les 64 clubs sont répartis à parts égales entre deux groupes : le Groupe A, regroupant les 32 meilleurs de la saison précédente, et le Groupe B, regroupant les 32 suivants. Le Groupe A qualifie 24 clubs pour la phase finale, et le Groupe B 8, de sorte que des clubs classés a priori dans une division inférieure peuvent se qualifier pour les phases finales de la division supérieure et donc, en théorie, remporter le championnat de France. Cette invention avait pour bénéfice (essentiellement politique pour le président de la Fédération, qui était élu par les présidents de clubs) de maintenir l’illusion d’une première division élargie et donc de satisfaire un plus grand nombre de clubs.
Depuis, seul ou à la tête de véritables commandos pâtissiers, il a entarté d'innombrables personnalités qu'il considérait comme particulièrement détestables et infatuées. Parmi ses victimes : Bernard-Henri Lévy, Bill Gates, Doc Gynéco, le ministre belge Édouard Poullet, Jean-Luc Godard, Marco Ferreri, Maurice Béjart, Nicolas Sarkozy, Pascal Sevran, Patrick Bruel, Bernard Landry, Hélène Rollès, Patrick Poivre d'Arvor, Jean Charest.
Adrien Thério, « Un journaliste qui devient conteur et romancier : honoré Beaugrand père de Jeanne la Fileuse », Lettres québécoises : la revue de l'actualité littéraire, no 20, 1980-1981, p. 94-96.
La communauté de communes Les Vallons de La Tour est une ancienne communauté de communes française, située dans le département de l'Isère et la région Rhône-Alpes.
Depuis plusieurs années, il sert de cantine au groupement scolaire des Perrières situé dans le parc avoisinant, et accueille également les activités d'associations pour le troisième âge.
Adam Young avoue lui-même être très timide et introverti comme il l'a déjà écrit sur son blog et révélé dans diverses interviews (il est suspecté d'être atteint du syndrome d'Asperger). Malgré le succès, il habite toujours à Owatonna dans le Minnesota où il compose sa musique chez lui dans une cave aménagée en studio.
Selon la nature du poste et les critères d'embauche déterminés, le GRH doit, en accord avec le responsable opérationnel, déterminer si on utilisera le recrutement interne ou externe.
Corps Etranger est une étude multidisciplinaire des représentations de femmes migrantes âgées dans leur société d’accueil au travers du langage corporel et parlé. Le projet tente de rendre compte de différentes perspectives (entre autres culturelles, sociales, politiques, biologiques et cultuelles) sur le vieillissement des femmes migrantes. Il porte sur la notion de socialisation corporelle. Salama Ortar définit deux grands champs de questionnement. Le premier champ touche à la codification du corps. L'artiste se concentre sur les institutions où le corps se voit inscrit et traduit en de nouveaux termes, notamment administratifs, médicaux, juridiques. Le deuxième champ touche à la narration du corps par les femmes elles-mêmes, c'est-à-dire la manière dont elles le mettent en mot au croisement de leur culture d’origine et de la culture du pays d’accueil. Corps étranger est un projet in-progress et multimédia (photos, interviews, installations sonores, objets, dessins, documents d’archive). La première phase a été réalisée dans le cadre d’une résidence à IMéRA (Institut d'études avancées d'Aix-Marseille, Exploratoire Méditerranéen de l’Interdisciplinarité) à Marseille in 2015, sur la base d’une série d'ateliers organisés en partenariat avec l’association bénévole AMPIL (une association qui propose des services sociaux, de santé et d’intégration sociale à travers le logement pour la population âgée venant de pays du bassin méditerranéen).
En 1991, la marque ajoute le circuit automobile d’Indianapolis à son palmarès et, en 1992, le championnat du monde, de Formule 1. Le chronométrage des courses de Formule 1 est contrôlé par un système de détection par satellite GPS assurant une précision au millionième de seconde[réf. nécessaire]. En 1995, TAG Heuer s’associe au skipper Chris Dickson pour participer à la coupe Louis Vuitton et atteindre les demi-finales.
Toujours selon l'auteur antique, la même année, l'armée romaine marche contre les Gaulois qui sont vaincus lors d'une bataille rangée, qui se déroule probablement dans l'Ager gallicus sur la côte adriatique. Polybe ne précise pas le nom du général commandant l'armée romaine. Il peut s'agir de Dentatus mais c'est peu probable, ce dernier ayant été envoyé contenir les Lucaniens qui s'agitent dans le sud de l'Italie. Il pourrait plus probablement s'agir du consul Dolabella qui, à la nouvelle de la mort des legati, a suspendu ses opérations contre les Étrusques pour affronter les Sénons. Selon cette version, les Sénons sont refoulés d'Étrurie et même chassés de leurs terres qui passent sous le contrôle des Romains. Ces derniers fondent la colonie Sena Gallia à cette occasion ou peu après,, alors que selon la tradition livienne, cette première colonie en terres gauloises a déjà été fondée quelques années plus tôt. Dentatus aurait reçu l'honneur d'une ovatio à son retour à Rome pour ses victoires. Toutefois, il paraît étrange que le commandement militaire puisse échoir, même temporairement, à un autre qu'un des deux consuls en exercice l'année de la défaite de Metellus en 283 av. J.-C. L'intervention providentielle de Dentatus permettant aux Romains de se remettre aussi rapidement d'un désastre militaire ne serait qu'une invention d'annalistes romains repris par Polybe. En outre, il s'agirait du premier préteur autorisé à célébrer une ovatio alors que cet honneur est jusqu'alors réservé aux consuls. Il est généralement admis que les préteurs ne gagnent ce droit qu'à partir de la première guerre punique.
le FC Lourdes a également dominé le championnat de France durant les années 1948-1968, avec huit titres remportés, dont six (avec un doublé et un triplé) de 1952 à 1960;
Il demeurera propriétaire de La Patrie jusqu’en 1897, alors qu'il est acheté par Israël Tarte, ministre dans le gouvernement libéral de Wilfrid Laurier.
En 1996, Noël Godin accepte de se rendre à Nantes en France avec deux complices à la demande d'un groupe de jeunes anarchistes qui préparent l'entartage des prêtres de la cathédrale Saint-Pierre. Comme se doutait Godin, une fois rendu à Nantes, le groupe souhaite qu'il participe à l'entartage. Le dimanche 8 septembre 1996, tout le groupe d'environ soixante-cinq personnes réussit à entrer dans la cathédrale avec des tartes pendant une messe. Au moment où l'un des officiants achève sa lecture de l'Évangile, une dizaine d'entarteurs se dirigent vers les religieux et réussissent à entarter deux d'entre eux. Dans le même temps, un second commando lance des préservatifs remplis d'eau dans les allées de la cathédrale et déploient des banderoles. Noël Godin réussit à s'enfuir en courant dans les rues avoisinantes, mais ses deux complices belges sont pris par la police ; ils seront relâchés quelques heures plus tard.
Simon Braillon, Michel Debré et l'Algérie (1945–1962). Un républicain dans la crise, mémoire de maîtrise d'histoire à l'Université Charles-de-Gaulle – Lille III sous la direction de Robert Vandenbussche, 2004
2014 : L'Annexion de l'Occitanie par Groland (Journal du FIFIGROT 2014), Carnets filmés de Gérard Courant - un membre du jury d'un festival de cinéma.
Ce n'est que sous Charles VII que vint l'appellation d'Île-de-France qui marquait bien encore l'exiguïté de cette « Petite France » dont le géographe Damien de Templeux disait en 1616, qu'elle comprenait les villes de Saint-Denis, Bonneuil, Roissy, Gonesse, Chenevières, Belloy, Cercelles (Sarcelles), Cevran (Sevran), Jaigny, Thieux, Le Tillay, Mitry, Fontenay et autres villages.
Aéroport Paris-Charles-de-Gaulle : D'une superficie totale de 3 500 ha dont 800 sur la commune est construit en réalité sur le territoire de six communes. Prévu pour accueillir trente-cinq millions de passagers par an à moyen terme (prévisions largement dépassées avec plus de cinquante-cinq millions de passagers en 2006), il fut mis en chantier en 1965. La première aérogare fut inaugurée en 1974 et la seconde en 1982. On doit à l'architecte Paul Andreu les deux principales aérogares ainsi que les gares RER et TGV. L'aéroport possède actuellement quatre pistes, deux d'envol et deux d'atterrissage. L'aéroport est desservi par le chemin de fer depuis 1976 et la ligne B du RER depuis 1979. C'est finalement le TGV qui est arrivé en dernier en 1994. Une desserte interne plus performante grâce à un métro automatique de type VAL, le CDGVAL, a été mise en service en avril 2007.
Honoré Beaugrand devait aussi y prononcer un discours, mais il est en fut empêché par la maladie. Une lettre est toutefois lue à la foule, dont Warren cite un extrait : « Bien que mes idées, à ce sujet [l’exécution de Riel], soient bien connues des lecteurs de La Patrie, je veux cependant joindre ma voix à celles de tous les patriotes qui se réunissent, sans distinction de partis politiques, pour protester, au nom de la justice et de l’humanité, contre l’attentat que Sir John et ses collègues ont commis pour se rendre au désir de quelques fanatiques. Il fallait à ces gens-là une large tache de sang pour essayer de couvrir les iniquités d’un gouvernement coupable.»
À l'image du Salary Cap en championnat anglais, la LNR adopte à partir de la saison 2010/2011 un mécanisme de plafonnement de la masse salariale. Pour chaque club, la masse salariale des joueurs ne peut dépasser la masse salariale maximale de la saison précédente majorée de 10 %, avec un plafond fixé à 8,1 millions d'euros. Cependant, à partir de la saison 2013-2014, le plafond du salary cap est relevé à 10 millions d'euros ; ce niveau est maintenu en 2015 pour trois saisons supplémentaires.
Après la naissance de son premier enfant, elle se sentit confortée dans son identité juive, entra dans la communauté juive de Berlin-Est et se maria en 1981 selon les rites juifs. En 1984 elle quitta la R.D.A. Dans son livre Roman von einem Kinde (le roman d'un enfant), elle parle d'un « triple saut de la mort sans filet : de l'est à l'ouest, d'Allemagne en France, et de l'assimilation au cœur du judaïsme de la Thora ». Depuis lors elle vit à Strasbourg avec son mari, Peter Honigmann, directeur des archives centrales de Heidelberg consacrées à la recherche sur l'histoire des Juifs en Allemagne. Elle a deux enfants, Johannes Honigmann (né en 1976) et Ruben Honigmann (né en 1983).
Le Stade toulousain met fin à la suprématie des Biterrois en remportant le bouclier de Brennus en 1985 pour la première fois depuis 1947, et redevient le club phare du rugby français avec quatre titres remportés de 1985 à 1994 inclus (il en gagne cinq autres ensuite de 1995 à 2001). Plusieurs joueurs cumulent six ou sept titres de champion de France, dont Hugues Miorin, Jérôme Cazalbou, Claude Portolan, Franck Belot et Christian Califano.
Ce sont de jolis insectes au corps généralement trapu, d'une livrée variant du blanc à ivoire à beige clair, aux élytres ornés de motifs vivement colorés ou de larges taches, parfois maculés de nombreux points et quelques macules. Leur pronotum est nettement plus large que long, fort bombé en sa partie centrale et au tégument finement ponctué. Leur scutellum est triangulaire et très réduit. Leurs élytres forment souvent un dôme, la pointe apicale quelque peu allongée et arrondie, la base presque cunéiforme.
Parmi ses autres films muets, mentionnons L'Aventure de Mary de Henry King (1918, avec Mary Miles Minter et Allan Forrest), Inconscience de Sam Wood (1922, avec Gloria Swanson et Stuart Holmes) et L'Épave vivante de Frank Capra et Irvin Willat (1928, avec Jack Holt et Dorothy Revier).
Les souvenirs du Concorde : À proximité immédiate de l'orangerie est exposé le train d'atterrissage d'un Concorde, offert à la commune par la compagnie aérienne Air France en 2004, à l'occasion de la cessation d'activité de l'avion supersonique. « Ce monument sera le témoin de l'amour des gens de Roissy pour l'aérien, mais aussi le témoin de l'amour des gens d'Air France pour leur port d'attache, Roissy. » a déclaré Pierre-Henri Gourgeon, directeur général exécutif d'Air France le jour de l'inauguration du monument, le 24 mai 2005. Un bloc de servocommande de l'appareil est également exposé en mairie.
Les clubs participants ont été éliminés en trente-deuxièmes de finale de la Coupe de France, à l'exception du Limoges FC et du SO Montpellier, éliminés au tour précédent.
Les personnages de la comedia del arte sont extrêmement cultes et reviennent dans toutes les pièces.Certains personnages de la commedia dell’arte sont restés extrêmement célèbres et sont passés dans d’autres cultures théâtrales. Polichinelle est à l’origine du Punch anglais, du Chinelle de Binche (Wallonie), le Capitan se retrouve dans le Tengu japonais, Pedrolino est le frère jumeau du Pierrot français, on trouve également Arlequin dans l'Amante difficile d'Houdart de la Motte, et dans l'Île des esclaves de Marivaux, et dans les deux billets de Florian, qui donne une autre interprétation du masque noir d'Arlequin : ce serait un esclave évadé pris en pitié par des enfants de marchands de tissus, qui découvre notre monde européen avec des yeux de Candide.
Michel Debré est patriote au sens où il place au-dessus de tout son attachement à la « France éternelle », la Patrie, la Nation (il emploie les majuscules), dans une perspective très proche de celle de de Gaulle. Sa réflexion constitutionnelle vise à trouver le meilleur régime pour le peuple français, jusqu'à envisager, fût-ce rhétoriquement, l'hypothèse d'une restauration monarchique.
À l'horizon 2013, PGO annonce un nouveau partenariat avec le constructeur bavarois BMW. En effet, les relations avec l'ex-partenaire Peugeot étant devenues trop houleuses, il était plus que temps pour l'artisan automobile de trouver un nouveau partenaire.[réf. nécessaire] PSA et BMW répondent présent et proposent la livraison du quatre cylindres turbocompressé "Prince" de la Mini Cooper S titrant 184 chevaux. Cette deuxième génération se distingue donc de l'ancienne par un nouveau moteur offrant des performances et une consommation plus actuelles. À l'extérieur, l'Hemera est modifiée également, on voit apparaître des prises d'air plus marquées ainsi que des spoilers avant/arrière plus dynamiques. Mais c'est à l'intérieur que se situe finalement le grand changement avec une atmosphère plus à même de revendiquer la filiation avec le moteur allemand. Nouveaux commodos, nouvelles selleries, politique d'équipements plus technologique. En conclusion, cette deuxième génération de PGO Hemera brille comme un petit coupé premium.
par l'examen de candidatures spontanées (reçues sous forme d'une lettre de motivation et d'un CV, par courrier ou par internet (on parle alors de « e-recrutement ») ;
Les professions intermédiaires sont très représentées à Roissy-en-France, totalisant 27,2 % des actifs (contre 25,6 % en moyenne régionale et 23,1 % en moyenne nationale). Mais ce sont les employés qui sont les plus présents, avec 42,7 % des habitants de la commune (contre 29,5 % en Île-de-France et 28,8 % en France). Les ouvriers sont estimés quant à eux à 20,5 % des actifs de la commune (16,5 % en région Île-de-France et 25,6 % en France). Les cadres et professions intellectuelles sont en revanche sous-représentés à Roissy-en-France avec un taux de 6,6 % (contre 13,1 % en moyenne en France et 22,8 % en moyenne régionale). Les agriculteurs sont eux tout simplement inexistants, malgré la présence de terres agricoles.
La première diffusion d'une finale du championnat de France à la télévision a eu lieu en 1957. Elle opposait le FC Lourdes au Racing club de France à Lyon. Ce n'était cependant pas la première fois qu'un match de rugby était retransmis à la télévision, car dans les années 1952-1953 la FFR avait passé un accord avec la Radiodiffusion Télévision Française pour la retransmission de matchs en direct dans la région parisienne. Il y avait cependant une condition: la retransmission ne devait pas être annoncée à l'avance afin de ne pas réduire le nombre de spectateurs se rendant au stade. La diffusion des matchs du Tournoi des Cinq Nations a débuté aussi en 1957.
Depuis plusieurs années de nombreuses chaînes étrangères manifestent leur intérêt pour diffuser les images du championnat français, pour la saison 2014-2015, le Top 14 est diffusé dans 190 pays. Ainsi à partir de l'année 2007 le Top 14 a bénéficié d'une exposition importante dans une quarantaine de pays par l'intermédiaire des chaines British Eurosport au Royaume-Uni et Eurosport 2 dans le reste de l'Europe. Ce contrat avec Eurosport a été renouvelé jusqu'à la saison 2011. La LNR semble désormais privilégier des droits négociés pays par pays, le Top 14 est par exemple diffusé sur les chaînes anglophones Sky Sports et Setanta Sports respectivement en Irlande et au Royaume-Uni, en Amérique du sud hispanophone les matchs sont diffusés sur ESPN Latin America, au Brésil c'est la chaîne BandSports qui détient les droits, la chaîne sportive brésilienne a même choisi de faire du Top 14 l'un de ses produits d'appel. En Amérique du Nord, Le Top 14 est télévisé aux Etats-Unis et au Canada via la chaîne ESPN.La chaîne Televisa Deportes Network détient les droits pour le Mexique et les pays d'Amérique centrale. En Nouvelle-Zélande, la compétition est visible sur Coliseum Sports qui en a fait un produit "premium" aux côtés de la Premier League anglaise de football et du PGA Tour. Eurosport Asia, filiale du Groupe TF1, diffuse les droits en Asie du Sud-Est et en Australie. En juin 2016, la LNR a signé un contrat de plusieurs saisons avec le plus grand diffuseur de chaînes payantes japonais WOWOW, le pack comprend les deux ou trois plus belles affiches de chaque journée, les deux matchs de barrages, les demi-finales et la finale. Les premières images du Top 14 diffusées sur WOWOW seront celles des demi-finales 2016 du Roazhon Park de Rennes et la finale du Camp Nou de Barcelone. Enfin, la chaîne francophone TV5 Monde, troisième plus important réseau de télévisions mondial, a fait du Top 14 l'un de ses produits phares en termes de retransmissions sportives aux côtés du Tour de France, de la Ligue 1, de Roland Garros et de la Coupe d'Afrique des nations.
La programmation des matchs du championnat 2006-2007 est aménagée de façon à tenir compte du fait que les joueurs internationaux sont très sollicités avec, outre le Top 14, les matchs du Tournoi des six nations 2007, ceux de la Coupe d’Europe et la préparation de la Coupe du monde 2007 organisée par la France. Le championnat est interrompu pendant près de deux mois, entre le 27 janvier et le 23 mars 2007. La finale est remportée par le Stade français aux dépens de l'ASM Clermont Auvergne. Le championnat 2007-2008 est remporté par le Stade toulousain également aux dépens de l'ASM Clermont, les Toulousains gagnent ainsi un 17e titre de champion de France et Clermont échoue une nouvelle fois en finale.
En 1945, il va à Moscou où il fréquente une école anti-fasciste. De retour à Berlin en 1946, il devient professeur de peinture à l'Académie des Beaux-Arts de Dresde. En 1957, il publie son autobiographie, Zwischen Karneval und Aschermittwoch (« Entre le carnaval de mardi gras et mercredi des cendres»). Il reçoit le Prix Heinrich Mann en 1958, l'année de sa mort.
La troisième des Trois Gorges est celle de Xiling. Longue de soixante-six kilomètres, elle est composée d'une série de sept gorges et de deux rapides. Ces obstacles font d'elle est la plus dangereuse pour la navigation en raison des nombreux tourbillons. Elle est aussi entourée de pics, de rochers et de collines formant un paysage austère agrémenté de plusieurs monastères et de quelques villages.
Lors des débats sur la loi Veil de 1975, Michel Debré attaque le projet porté par la ministre de la Santé Simone Veil, y voyant « une monstrueuse erreur historique ».
Le Commerce transatlantique de librairie, un des fondements de la mondialisation culturelle (France-Portugal-Brésil, XVIIIe-XXe siècle) dir. Diana Cooper-Richet et Jean-Yves Mollier, Edusp, 2012.
Les pages offrant des services en plus de simples informations sont généralement générées à la demande par des logiciels propres au site web. Ces logiciels utilisent fréquemment les technologies PHP, ASP, JSP, CGI ou Perl et sont édités avec les logiciels appropriés.
En 1952, la France est à nouveau menacée d'être exclue du Tournoi, coupable selon les Britanniques de professionnalisme (recrutements, primes de match, intéressements). Pour éviter la sanction, la Fédération française promet d'abolir le championnat de France et fournit une liste de joueurs jugés coupables de professionnalisme, dont Jean Dauger, Robert Soro et Maurice Siman. L'exclusion du Tournoi est ainsi évitée et en fin de compte le championnat de France 1952-53 est maintenu à la suite de la pression exercée par la grande majorité des clubs français.
Elle accueille quelques services publics sur son territoire : une gendarmerie (rue Dorval), un bureau de poste (place du Pays de France), une Anpe (Zone de Fret no 4) et une centre de secours de sapeurs-pompiers. Le centre de sécurité sociale, l'accueil Assédic et la caisse d'allocations familiales sont situés à Gonesse ainsi qu'une autre agence Anpe.
De plus 5 primes ont lieu avant la finale, et chacun d'entre eux représente une décennie, avec un juge parrain qui est invité pour chacune des décennies, il cochera chaque candidats. Dominique Barret (Année70), Phil Barney (Année 80), Bernard Joron (Année 90), Alain Ramanisum (Année 2000), Meddy Gerville (Année 2010).
Les quelques textes écrits étaient parfois en vers et d'autres mêlaient improvisation, vers et prose au moins en France. En Italie, on trouve surtout des canevas, Carlo Gozzi commença à rédiger une partie de ses œuvres, mais une autre part était faite de lazzi gestuels, dont le célèbre lazzo de la mouche. Carlo Goldoni proposa une réforme du théâtre italien, qui impliquait plus de réalisme, et une écriture en prose souvent patoisante. Son Arlequin serviteur de deux maîtres l'inscrit dans l'histoire de la Commedia dell'arte, genre théâtral qu'il rejette par ailleurs. Les comédies se basaient sur des personnages bien reconnaissables et des caractères stéréotypés, avec une gestuelle riche, parfois emphatique, des dialogues souvent improvisés, mais qui pouvaient contenir des tirades apprises par cœur, faisant la satire de différentes conditions sociales et culturelles. Tous les acteurs, à l’exception du couple d’amoureux et des servantes, portaient le masque. Avec les mêmes masques très typés, chaque compagnie construisait des centaines de situations différentes.
En 1958, la compagnie présente son célèbre compteur de bord, le Rally-Master, composé d’une Master-Time (montre huit jours) et d’un Monte-Carlo (compteur de douze heures). L’année suivante, Hubert Heuer et son neveu Jack Heuer (fils de Charles-Edouard) fondent Heuer Time Corporation, une nouvelle succursale américaine basée à New York.
À la fin du XIXe siècle, il existait déjà des activités sportives : un cercle de tir à l'arc et un club de tir (le plus ancien club créé vers 1875).
Au second tour, les électeurs ont voté à 79,0 % pour Jacques Chirac contre 21,0 % pour Jean-Marie Le Pen avec un taux d’abstention de 19,1 %, résultat assez proche des tendances nationales (respectivement 82,21 % et 17,79 % ; abstention 20,29 %) avec cependant trois points supplémentaires pour Jean-Marie Le Pen.
La Chapelle-d'Abondance est une commune française située dans le Val d'Abondance du Chablais français, dans le département de la Haute-Savoie, en région Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes.
Le 17 janvier 1987, Noël Godin et sa bande décident d'entarter le chanteur Michel Sardou. Ce dernier, souffrant, décide d'annuler le récital prévu ; Godin décidera donc d'entarter à la place le ministre belge des Affaires sociales, de la Formation et du Tourisme Édouard Poullet. Ce dernier doit inaugurer le Théâtre du Résidence Palace de Bruxelles. L'entartage est réussi. L'incident a une grande ampleur médiatique ; la plupart des journaux belges mettent l'incident en première page.
Il fait les campagnes de 1792 à l’an VII, aux armées du Nord, de Sambre-et-Meuse, du Rhin, d’Angleterre et du Danube. Le 18 mars 1793, à la bataille de Neerwinden, son bataillon résiste avec avantage à un corps de cavalerie très nombreux, et le 11 juin 1794, à l’affaire de Courtrai, à la tête d’une compagnie de grenadiers, il attaque vivement l’ennemi et lui enlève une pièce de canon.
En 1938 et 1939, elle participe à l’organisation du pavillon libanais de l’Exposition mondiale de New-York et édite des aquarelles de Georges Cyr représentant les costumes traditionnels libanais.
Le groupe Canal+ a conservé les droits de retransmission de 2007 à 2011 pour un coût d'un peu plus de 100 millions d'euros, soit entre 24 et 29 millions d'euros par saison. Toutes les rencontres du Top 14 sont retransmises, soit 185 à 187 matchs par saison, cela permet d'avoir recours à l'arbitrage vidéo lors de chaque rencontre. À partir de la saison 2011-2012, le contrat permet à la Ligue nationale de rugby de recevoir 31,7 millions d'euros annuels (dont 4,5 millions de part variable) de la part de Canal +. En décembre 2013, la Ligue dénonce le contrat qui la liait à Canal + jusqu'en 2015-2016 pour lancer un nouvel appel d'offre. Après un recours du groupe de télévision devant les tribunaux, les deux parties se mettent sur un accord permettant à Canal + d'obtenir les droits jusqu'en 2018-2019 pour un total 355 millions d'euros, soit environ 71 millions par saison.
- La norme de construction : qui définit les encombrements, la taille des brides éventuelles. Les normes usuelles sont la norme ISO, DIN ou ANSI
Quant à l’élection présidentielle de 2012, le premier tour a vu arriver en tête, comme en 2007 Nicolas Sarkozy avec 27,14 %, suivi de très près par Marine Le Pen avec 26,83 %, soit 4 voix de moins que le président sortant (338 et 342 respectivement), François Hollande recueille 24,29 % (306). Il est suivi de très loin par Jean-Luc Mélenchon avec 10,08 % et de François Bayrou avec 7,46 %. Les autres candidat ne dépassant pas le seuil des 1,5 %.
Noël Godin décida d'entarter le rappeur Doc Gynéco après que ce dernier a dit à Michel Polac lors d'une entrevue qu'il « n'avait pas de leçons à recevoir d'un malade au stade terminal », mais aussi parce que Gynéco est un soutien de Nicolas Sarkozy. En août 2007, Noël Godin est reçu à l'émission Village Départ diffusée en direct sur France 3 ; Doc Gynéco est aussi invité. Au moment où Godin prend sa place, des complices lancent quatre tartes à la figure de Doc Gynéco pendant que Godin s'exclame : « Entartons, entartons les sarkochiants couillons ! ». Des témoins rapportent que Gynéco, beau joueur en direct, fut très en colère dans les coulisses,,.
Le SU Agen présente également un bon bilan avec trois titres de champion en 1976, 1982 et 1988, ainsi que trois places de finaliste en 1984,1986 et 1990.
Le travail d'Ilana Salama Ortar se trouve dans les collections publiques de (sélection) : Musée d'Israël à Jérusalem, Musée d'Art Moderne de Haïfa (en), Musée d'Art de Tel Aviv, Musée d'Art de Yad Vashem, Metropolitan Museum of Art à New York, Musée Guggenheim, Brooklyn Museum of Art, Philadelphia Museum of Art, Musée des beaux-arts de Houston, Stedelijk Museum à Amsterdam, le FNAC (Fonds National d'Art Contemporain) à Paris, le FRAC (Fonds Régional d'Art Contemporain) Poitou-Charentes et le FRAC-PACA (Provence-Alpes-Côte-d’Azur).
Un difféomorphisme local (en) est une application f : M → N d'une variété dans une autre telle que pour tout point m de M, il existe un voisinage ouvert U de m dans M tel que f(U) soit ouvert dans N et que la restriction de f, de U sur f(U), soit un difféomorphisme.
Église Saint-Éloi, avenue Charles-de-Gaulle (classée monument historique par arrêté du 13 octobre 1942) : L'édifice du XVIe siècle est dédiée à l'évêque de Noyon et conseiller du roi Dagobert, mort en 659. Construite vers 1560, c'est Jean Jacques de Mesmes, seigneur du village qui en est le commanditaire. Véritable joyau de la renaissance, elle serait l'œuvre de Nicolas de Saint Michel. Elle remplace un édifice antérieur probablement du XIIe siècle, lui-même construit à l'emplacement d'un précédent sanctuaire mérovingien ou carolingien, découverte attestée par la mise au jour de fondations de ce qui n'était probablement alors qu'une chapelle du château seigneurial. La nef est flanquée de collatéraux, terminée par un chœur Renaissance en hémicycle, éclairé par trois grandes fenêtres, le tout édifié à la fin du XVIe siècle comme l'atteste la date de 1574, inscrite sur un pilier extérieur. La décoration intérieure « à l'Antique » est particulièrement élégante. Une tour carrée au-dessus de la porte d'entrée est appuyée de contreforts aux angles,,. En 1982, les vitraux de l'église furent restaurés, puis en mars 1989, l'église fut dotée d'un orgue, acquis par la municipalité. L'édifice renferme un intéressant mobilier, constitué de statues anciennes et de dalles funéraires des XVIe et XVIIe siècles.
Lorsque la variété est compacte, la topologie forte sur le groupe des difféomorphismes coïncide avec la faible. Lorsqu'elle ne l'est pas, la forte rend compte du comportement « à l'infini » des fonctions et n'est plus métrisable, mais elle est encore de Baire.
Les principaux investissements en 2007 se montaient à environ 6 millions d'euros et se répartissaient pour l'essentiel entre : 746 000 € destinés au réaménagement complet de l'esplanade de l'église et au déplacement du monument aux morts, 615 000 € pour l'extension du dojo, 500 000 € en vue de l'acquisition de terrains pour la création d'un golf public, 385 000 € pour l'acquisition des terrains pour de futurs jardins communaux, 300 000 € pour la remise en état du bassin de retenue des eaux pluviales, 187 000 € consacrés à l'amélioration des écoles ou encore 169 000 € consacrés à l'entretien des espaces verts.
Au début des années 1960, Jack Heuer conclut un accord avec Dubois Dépraz, Hamilton-Buren et Breitling pour créer un mouvement de chronographe automatique. Afin de garder le secret, un nom de code lui est donné : « 99 ». Le nouveau Chronomatic Calibre 11 est lancé en 1969. Premier mouvement chronographe automatique avec micro-rotor, il équipera la Heuer Carrera et l'Autavia, mais aussi la Monaco. Ce chronographe automatique original, doté d’un boîtier carré étanche, entrera dans la légende au poignet de Steve McQueen dans le film Le Mans, tourné en 1970.
Le taux de Roisséens ayant suivi des études supérieures, avec 19,2 %, est conforme à la moyenne nationale (18,1 %) mais nettement inférieur à la moyenne régionale (28,1 %).
Vestiges du château des Caramans, parc de la Mairie, allée du Verger (inscrits monument historique par arrêté du 21 octobre 1925) : Du château de style classique détruit en 1794 dans le contexte de la Révolution, ne demeurent que le mur oriental et la porte sud de l'orangerie, au milieu de la façade sud dont les murs ne subsistent qu'à mi-hauteur. Autrefois couverts d'enduit, les moellons irréguliers affleurent aujourd'hui la surface. Des vestiges de pilastres en pierre appareillée ayant scandés la façade restent toutefois visibles. La porte possède un arc plein cintre, retombant de part et autre sur de courts bandeaux plats, et décoré simplement d'une moulure plate doublée. Quant au mur-pignon oriental de l'orangerie, il est précédé par un avant-corps en légère saillie cantonné de faux chaînages en bossage, prenant presque toute la largeur de la façade. Les mêmes bossages se répètent sur les extrémités de la façade à gauche et à droite du corps central. Ce dernier est surmonté par un fronton triangulaire, dont le tympan arbore un bas-relief représente des figures féminines entourant un vase de fleurs et de fruits. En dessous, le larmier au-dessus de l'entablement de l'unique fenêtre supporte un autre bas-relief, avec deux chérubins symétriques tenant des grappes de raisin autour d'une conque au milieu. La clé de voûte de l'arc en anse de panier est orné d'une griffe, et des feuilles de vigne sont visibles à gauche et à droite. Ce décor sculptural datant de 1703/09 est attribué à René Chauveau (1663-1722), alors que les plans du château ont vraisemblablement été dessinés par un disciple de Jules Hardouin-Mansart. Reste à mentionner un bas-relief ayant jadis orné le pignon ouest, et aujourd'hui conservé dans une propriété privée, rue de Paris. Il représente des armes attribuées par erreur à Claude de Mesmes, ancien ambassadeur de France de Louis XIV,,. Elles se blasonnent ainsi :« D'or au croissant montant de sable ».
La principauté de Mempawah était vassale du sultanat de Pontianak. Le prince actuel s'est porté en 2003 candidat à la fonction de préfet mais s'est ensuite retiré par manque de soutien.
Le château a probablement été agrandi à la fin du XVIIIe siècle, à partir d'un important bâtiment central rectangulaire dont la façade sud, de 34 mètres de long, est flanquée de deux tours carrées à toits en pavillon, plus élevées d'un niveau éclairé par des oculus, et auxquelles s'appuient des pavillons à un étage formant ailes en retour d'équerre sur les façades latérales. Cette façade sud est couronnée d'un grand fronton plus haut que la toiture à deux versants dont il dissimule le pignon. Une tour carrée se détache au centre de la façade nord, qu'une aile prolonge vers l'est.
L’histoire porte sur un jeune sculpteur (Paul Newman) qui cisèle un calice d’argent destiné à recevoir la coupe où Jésus but le soir de la Cène.
(en) Cet article est partiellement ou en totalité issu de l’article de Wikipédia en anglais intitulé « Hans Grundig » (voir la liste des auteurs).
La possibilité s'offre à lui de faire carrière dans la milice canadienne. Un choix qu'il connaît bien, plusieurs des membres de sa famille en ayant fait partie. Il s'inscrit fin juin ou au début juillet 1865 à l’École militaire de Montréal. Admis comme simple soldat, il en sortira le 12 août 1865 avec un certificat lui permettant de commander un bataillon. Il sera intégré à une compagnie du 65e régiment, les Chasseurs canadiens, le seul corps militaire francophone à Montréal. Les lacunes de la troupe militaire sur le plan de l'organisation, le sentiment anti-francophonie qui y règne ainsi que l'absence de défi exaltant, le lassent assez rapidement. Car il se cherche avant tout « un champ de bataille ».
La saison 1990-91 introduit une formule éphémère avec 80 clubs répartis en vingt poules de quatre dont sortent 40 clubs répartis dans cinq poules de huit.
Certains clubs n'ont jamais remporté le championnat de France (avec date de la dernière finale perdue si il y a lieu) : le FC Auch, le Stade aurillacois, le Stade bagnérais (1981), le CS Bourgoin-Jallieu (1997), l'US bressane, le CA Brive (1996), l'US Carcassonne, l'US Cognac (1954), l'US Colomiers, l'US Dax (1973), l’International Athletic Club (1894), le FC Lézignan (1929), le SC Mazamet (1958), le Nice UR (1983), l'US Oyonnax, le Stade rochelais ou le SCUF (1913).
Au cours de la Seconde Guerre mondiale, Bonnières subit de lourds bombardements alliés en raison des rampes de lancement que les Allemands avaient construit aux abords du village pour leurs missiles V1. Aucun V1 ne fut pourtant jamais lancé depuis Bonnières.
L’année suivante, Jack Heuer introduit le Microtimer, premier instrument de chronométrage électronique miniaturisé, doté d’une précision au 1/1 000e de seconde,. Heuer devient par ailleurs le fournisseur officiel de chronographes de l’équipe de l'Intrepid, qui gagne la Coupe de l'America en 1967.
entre le XIVe siècle et le XVIIIe siècle : un château est édifié, vraisemblablement par l'une des nombreuses familles juives installées dans la région
« CAPTAIN CATHOLICA ou l'abbé Bethléem, super-croisé de la morale littéraire », émission Mauvais genre, France Culture, 29 mars 2014 (à écouter et/ou télécharger)
Il reprend du service le 3 août 1792, en tant que capitaine au 7e bataillon de volontaires de l’Ain, et il passe le 21 septembre suivant lieutenant-colonel commandant le 21e bataillon de réserve, qui deviendra le 16e régiment d’infanterie de ligne en 1803.
Le yarn bombing ou tricot-graffiti ou encore tricot urbain ou tricotag (appelé aussi knit graffiti, knitted graffiti ou yarnstorm en anglais) est une forme d'art urbain ou de graffiti qui utilise le tricot, le crochet, ou d'autres techniques (enroulements, tissages, tapisserie, accrochages....) utilisant du fil.
Pour la troisième année consécutive, un club de deuxième division remporte la Coupe Drago. Une nouvelle fois (la troisième), c'est le FC Sochaux-Montbéliard qui s'impose, comme en 1953 et en 1963. En revanche, c'est la première fois que la finale oppose deux équipes de deuxième division, chacune d'entre elles ayant éliminé un club de première division en demi-finale. Face au tenant du titre, c'est l'inattendue US Forbach qui se hisse jusqu'en finale, alors que l'équipe se traîne dans les profondeurs de la deuxième division.
La 21e cérémonie des Film Critics Circle of Australia Awards (FCCA Awards), décernés par la Film Critics Circle of Australia, a eu lieu le 19 mars 2013 et a récompensé les meilleurs films réalisés l'année précédente,.
Le recrutement externe est employé lorsque l'entreprise désire embaucher des individus qui ne travaillent pas dans l'organisation. Cette méthode apporte plusieurs avantages, tels l'accès à un réseau de candidats plus diversifié que l'on ne trouve pas toujours à l'intérieur de l'entreprise. Par ailleurs, recruter à l'extérieur apporte de nouvelles idées, de nouvelles techniques, bref un nouveau sens de créativité dans l'entreprise. Enfin, par comparaison avec le recrutement interne, on peut s'attendre à une diminution de la friction entre les employés qui ne sont plus en compétition pour le poste offert. La méthode peut aussi impliquer une réduction des frais de formation, puisque le candidat sélectionné aura déjà les qualifications requises à l'emploi.
Pendant la deuxième moitié des années 1950, elle est rédactrice, puis directrice de publication du magazine Argosy où paraissent ses premières nouvelles policières. Elle continue d'en écrire pendant la décennie suivante, et se forge une réputation de nouvelliste.
Le centre culturel de la commune, baptisé « L'Orangerie » et inauguré en octobre 1996, comprend la bibliothèque municipale (d'une surface de 110 m² de plain pied), l'école de musique (une dizaine de salles), l'école de danse (deux studios) et une salle de spectacle constituant un vaste espace modulaire de 416 places avec gradins mobiles. Une galerie d'exposition en mezzanine présente en outre des créations artistiques. Les accès au centre culturel sont adaptés aux handicapés.
Les méthodes de sélection examinées peuvent également être utilisée pour se créer une liste de candidats qualifiés pouvant répondre à une offre d'emploi future. Ainsi, des entreprises peuvent utiliser les méthodes de recrutement externes pour générer des candidatures spontanées qui serviront ensuite pour les besoins futurs de l'entreprise.
Les Gaulois, rejoints par des rebelles étrusques, infligent une lourde défaite aux Romains, mettant en déroute une armée romaine de 13 000 hommes, tuant Metellus et sept tribuns militaires,. Cette défaite est la plus lourde subie par les Romains depuis la bataille de l'Allia en 390 av. J.-C. La ville d'Arretium est brièvement occupée par les Gaulois avant d'être reconquise par les Romains durant leur contre-offensive.
Le fichier BALSAC est développé depuis 40 ans à l’Université du Québec à Chicoutimi, en partenariat avec l’Université Laval, l’Université McGill et l’Université de Montréal. Les données proviennent de l’état civil. Elles rendent possible une utilisation exploitation pdans plusieurs champs disciplinaires tels que la génétique humaine, la démographie, la géographie, la sociologie et l’histoire. La première phase de construction du fichier fut consacrée à la population de la région du Saguenay-Lac-St-Jean. Environ 660 000 actes de baptême, de mariage et de sépulture enregistrés dans cette région de 1838 à 1971 ont été saisis et jumelés (Bouchard 2008). Le fichier BALSAC fut par la suite progressivement étendu à l’ensemble du territoire québécois, pour les XIXe et XXe siècles, en restreignant la saisie et le jumelage des données aux actes de mariage seulement, sauf pour quelques régions pour lesquelles les actes de baptême et de sépulture étaient déjà informatisés (Charlevoix et les Iles-de-la-Madeleine en partie). En 2016, la saisie et le jumelage de presque tous les actes de mariage de confession catholique du Québec de 1800 à 1940 (soit environ 1,25 million d’actes) est complétée.
Le mouvement est né en 2005 lorsque Magda Sayeg a eu l'idée de recouvrir la poignée de la porte de sa boutique de laine à Houston, aux États-Unis.
L'évolution du nombre d'habitants est connue à travers les recensements de la population effectués dans la commune depuis 1793. À partir de 2006, les populations légales des communes sont publiées annuellement par l'Insee. Le recensement repose désormais sur une collecte d'information annuelle, concernant successivement tous les territoires communaux au cours d'une période de cinq ans. Pour les communes de moins de 10 000 habitants, une enquête de recensement portant sur toute la population est réalisée tous les cinq ans, les populations légales des années intermédiaires étant quant à elles estimées par interpolation ou extrapolation. Pour la commune, le premier recensement exhaustif entrant dans le cadre du nouveau dispositif a été réalisé en 2007.
5 à 10 % des enfants ont une atteinte bilatérale des reins ou avec des métastases. L'âge moyen du diagnostic est compris entre 42 et 47 mois (3 à 4 ans) en cas de tumeur unilatérale et 30 et 33 mois (2 à 3 ans) en cas de tumeur bilatérale. S'il existe des formes à début intra-utérins, cette pathologie devient très rare après l'âge de 8 ans.
Après des débuts dès l'enfance au théâtre au sein de troupes itinérantes, Clarence Burton contribue au cinéma à cent-soixante-cinq films américains (principalement muets), les dix-huit premiers étant des courts métrages sortis en 1913 — dont Le Loup-garou d'Henry MacRae, avec Phyllis Gordon et Lule Warrenton.
La commune est située dans un fond alluvial de petite vallée, qui est d'intérêt pour la trame verte et bleue. Dans le cadre des projets de la commune en 2012 au hameau de Beauvoir, la peupleraie devrait être transformée en corridor biologique dans le cadre de la Trame verte et bleue communale et régionale. « Une action qui - c'est en tous cas l'espoir du conseil municipal - devrait permettre d'éviter la disparition de milliers d'espèces animales et végétales » ;
Noël Godin et ses amis entartent à nouveau Bernard-Henri Lévy en octobre 1988 (lancement de son nouveau livre à la librairie Chapitre XII de Bruxelles), en avril 1991 (université libre de Bruxelles).
les zannis (valets du petit peuple) : Arlequin (personne joyeuse, bon vivant), Scaramouche (le versant méchant d’Arlequin, et parfois un petit capitan bagarreur, Mezzetin l'une des sources de Mascarille chez Molière fripon, intrigant, maître en fourberies), Brighella (l’aubergiste) dont l'équivalent chez Molière est Scapin, Pagliaccio (le souffre-douleur)…
En 2015, la commune comptait 886 habitants, en augmentation de 5,48 % par rapport à 2010 (Haute-Savoie : +7,9 %, France hors Mayotte : +2,44 %).
La commune est sectorisée sur le collège François-Mauriac, rue de Paris à Louvres, situé à 4 kilomètres au nord-ouest et le lycée général Léonard-de-Vinci à Saint-Witz, situé à 12 kilomètres au nord, reliés au village respectivement par les lignes de bus scolaires R111 et R113.
(en) T. Robert S. Broughton (The American Philological Association), The Magistrates of the Roman Republic : Volume I, 509 B.C. - 100 B.C., New York, Press of Case Western Reserve University (Leveland, Ohio), coll. « Philological Monographs, number XV, volume I », 1951, 578 p.
Toutefois, l’après-guerre est dominée par le FC Lourdes qui remporte sept fois le Bouclier de Brennus de 1948 à 1960 (et un autre titre en 1968). Plusieurs Lourdais de cette génération dorée cumulent ainsi au moins six titres de champion de France : Antoine Labazuy, Jean Prat, Thomas Mantérola, Maurice Prat, Louis Guinle et Roger Martine. L'équipe compte huit joueurs internationaux en activité en 1948 et encore sept en 1958.
Le nombre de clubs engagés étant trop faible pour disputer un quatrième tour comprenant huit équipes, deux clubs sont exemptés. Il s'agit du Lille OSC et du FC Sochaux-Montbéliard.
Les matchs se déroulent sur le terrain du premier club cité. En cas de match nul, les deux équipes sont départagées au nombre de coups de pied de coin obtenus, puis par tirage au sort à la pièce jetée.
2014 : La Conférence de presse et la cérémonie de clôture du FIFIGROT 2014, Carnets filmés de Gérard Courant - un membre d'un jury d'un festival de cinéma.
Le National publie sa dernière édition le 22 février 1879. Les libéraux de Montréal n'ont alors plus d'organe pour la diffusion de leurs idées. Une solution viendra pourtant. À la demande de libéraux influents, Beaugrand est invité à fonder sur le champ un nouveau journal. Afin de ne pas se laisser distraire dans ce projet, il vend Le Farceur. Il loue une maison ancienne, au 23 de la rue Saint-Gabriel, dans le Vieux-Montréal, afin d’y installer ses presses. Le nouveau journal s'appellera La Patrie, en continuité avec Le Pays et Le National. Le premier numéro de La Patrie paraît le 24 février, soit deux jours après la fermeture du National. Succédant au National, les grandes orientations du journal sont les mêmes que celui-ci : « Combattre John A. Macdonald à Ottawa, appuyer Joly à Québec, voilà un programme suffisant pour l’instant.». Beaugrand ne le sait pas encore, mais ce journal sera l’œuvre de sa vie, il sera une grande réussite commerciale et fera sa fortune.
Les conditions de travail dans les fermes étaient très dures et seul le dimanche était chômé. Les femmes et les enfants travaillaient également dans les champs. La journée moyenne de travail était de dix heures, mais des journées de douze, voire quatorze heures en plein été étaient fréquentes. Trois règles prépondérantes déterminaient cette durée : la saison, le temps et l'urgence.
Dans certains pays, notamment les États-Unis, le yarn bombing reste une pratique illégale lorsqu'il ne s'agit pas d'une commande des pouvoirs publics.
La démarche ne peut aboutir sans qu'au préalable les compétences du poste ainsi que les besoins de l'organisation soient clairement identifiés.
Les différentes thématiques des émissions sont : Prime d'ouverture, 100% Hits, Soirée des Idoles, Sous le soleil, comédies musicales et prime finale
Des mutations ont aussi été retrouvées sur les gènes Drosha (en) et DGCR8 (en). Ces gènes, lorsqu'ils présentent des anomalies, désactivent partiellement les mécanismes moléculaires chargés de la formation des micro-ARN. Ceux-ci assurent la régulation de l'ARN messager et sont capables par conséquent de reprogrammer complètement les cellules.
De la saison 1967-1968 à la saison 1974-1975, le championnat passe à 64 clubs répartis en huit poules de huit clubs. Les clubs classés aux quatre premières places de chaque groupe sont qualifiés pour les seizièmes de finale.
La flore est typique de la taïga avec des pins de Sibérie (le pin sylvestre étant plus rare), des sapins et des mélèzes, etc. ainsi que des bouleaux blancs et des trembles, 90,4 % du territoire étant recouvert de forêts de montagne. On trouve également des espèces rares ici, comme l'épicéa de Sibérie, le sabot de Vénus, la dent de chien de Sibérie (Erythronium sibiricum) ou l'orpin rose. On rencontre sur les piémonts des merisiers à grappes et des sorbiers de Sibérie. Une soixantaine d'espèces sont inscrites au livre rouge de Russie ou à celui de l'oblast de Kemerovo des espèces menacées
Par la suite, les résultats de l'équipe parisienne se détériorent, tout comme les relations entre Robert et le nouvel entraineur du PSG, Luis Fernandez. Robert quitte la capitale pour rejoindre Newcastle United à l'été 2001 pour la somme de 15M€. Entre temps, il dispute avec les Bleus en juin 2001 la Coupe des confédérations en Asie. Il s'agit à ce jour de ses dernières apparitions sous le maillot tricolore.
Le 28 octobre 1869, le chemin de fer dessert Hliboka : la ligne de Czernowitz à Sotschen (de) est ouverte. La gare de Hliboka prend de l'importance avec l'ouverture, le 30 novembre 1886 de la ligne de Hliboka à Berhometh (de). Le 1er janvier 1898, la Neue Bukowinaer Lokalbahn-Gesellschaft (de) ouvre un embranchement de Hliboka à Sereth.
Les caméras de surveillance, très présentes à Londres notamment, servent à visionner et enregistrer tout ce qui se passe dans leur champ de vision.
Au Mondial de l'automobile de Paris de 2008, PGO a présenté un concept-car nommé Hemera basé sur la Cévennes préfigurant le futur coupé de la marque. La marque possède alors 3 modèles basés sur le même châssis : les cabriolets Speedster II et Cévennes, et le coupé Héméra.
Sous la IVe République, Michel Debré adhère tout d'abord à l'Union démocratique et socialiste de la Résistance (UDSR), puis au Parti radical-socialiste sur les conseils du général de Gaulle (« Allez au Parti radical, Debré. Vous y trouverez les derniers vestiges du sens de l'État »). Battu aux élections législatives de 1946 en Indre-et-Loire, il rejoint ensuite le Rassemblement du peuple français (RPF). Sénateur d'Indre-et-Loire de 1948 à 1958, il dénonce à la Haute assemblée les méfaits du système politique instauré par la Constitution du 27 octobre 1946. Il s'oppose également à la Communauté européenne de défense (CED), accusant le gouvernement de trahison.
Le diagnostic est suspecté par l'examen abdominal systématique puis par l'imagerie médicale en commençant par l'échographie. Le scanner (ou parfois l'IRM) est indispensables dans un deuxième temps. Mais le diagnostic définitif repose sur l'examen anatomo-pathologique (histologie de la tumeur retirée lors de la chirurgie ou plus rarement la biopsie). Dans 10 à 15 % des cas, la tumeur de Wilms est considérée comme héréditaire.
Avec ce nouveau journal, il se montre particulièrement novateur. Beaugrand a très bien compris le rôle que joue la publicité dans les médias modernes. « Il perfectionne, écrit Warren, l’art de l’annonce afin d’en faire une de ses principales sources de revenus, aidé en cela par le travail de Rodolphe Beaugrand (1853-1909), qui agit comme directeur de la publicité et qui sera l’un des pionniers de cette science nouvelle au Canada français. Sous la direction du frère de Beaugrand, le service de la publicité en vient à accaparer la plus grosse part du budget du journal, ce qui accroît d’autant son influence au sein d’une entreprise qui est de plus en plus strictement commerciale.» Ces revenus tirés de la publicité seront une manne pour le journal de Beaugrand.
Pendant la Révolution, la population de Florimont manifesta son attachement pour son seigneur, Xavier de Ferrette en adressant au Directoire une lettre de protestation quand celui-ci fut porté sur la liste des émigrés et de ce fait considéré comme traître à la patrie. Cela n'empêcha pas les biens de la famille d'être confisqués.
Des bus relient le village à la gare routière « Roissypôle » située à environ 2 km du centre du village, devant la gare Aéroport Charles-de-Gaulle 1 et à proximité de l'aérogare 3, accessible uniquement à pied. Roissypôle est relié aux aérogares 1 et 2 par le métro automatique et gratuit CDGVAL. Les mieux desservies sont les lignes 32 (Roissypôle - Goussainville RER) et 95-02 (Roissypôle - Montmorency, Mobilien) exploitées par les Courriers de l'Île-de-France (CIF), mais deux autres lignes régulières et trois lignes à vocation scolaire traversent le village. En outre, deux lignes de bus de nuit Noctilien exploités par la SNCF relient de 0 h 30 à 5 h 30 Roissypôle à Gare de l'Est (N140 et N143),. Pour améliorer l'accès des salariés non motorisés à la plate-forme aéroportuaire, nécessitant une desserte 24h/24, un service de bus à la demande, « Filéo », a été mis en place, n'exigeant qu'une simple réservation téléphonique jusqu'à une heure à l'avance.
Le parc du château possédait des arbres d’essence rare. Il ne reste plus aujourd’hui que trois cèdres du Liban. Entre l’autoroute et la voie ferrée du RER B, deux cèdres gardent toujours l’entrée de l’aéroport. Le troisième se trouve à l'emplacement de l'ancienne ferme de Langle, aujourd'hui parc du Cèdre. L’histoire raconte que le botaniste Bernard de Jussieu les a rapportés en 1734 de Kew Garden (en), le jardin botanique de Londres. Deux de ces arbres ont été plantés au Jardin des plantes de Paris (l’un se trouve encore à la base de la colline du labyrinthe), les autres offerts à Pierre François de Riquet, comte de Caraman, seigneur de Roissy.
Jean-Louis Debré, faux jumeau de Bernard, également homme politique, président du Conseil constitutionnel de 2007 à 2016 , président de l'Assemblée nationale de 2002 à 2007, ancien ministre de l'Intérieur.
En 1820, une sucrerie fut installée dans l'aile droite subsistante du château, ancienne orangerie, qui fut finalement détruite en 1835. L'aile gauche, l'écurie du château, fut transformée en logement, et servit d'habitation jusqu'en 1930.
Une fois ses études collégiale terminées, Honoré entre, le 14 avril 1863, chez les clercs de Saint-Viateur, un choix qui peut paraître surprenant étant donné les traditions libérales de sa famille. Il n’est pas, rappelle Warren, le seul jeune de sa génération qui succombe, pour une période plus ou moins brève, « au vent religieux qui souffle sur la province ». Par ailleurs, « son père, catholique pratiquant, n’a jamais été anticlérical et les idées plus progressistes des clercs de Saint-Viateur n’ont rien pour lui déplaire ». L'expérience sera brève : il quitte le noviciat à l’hiver 1864, avant de prononcer ses vœux.
Pour des raisons de programmation, la finale du championnat est disputée en nocturne à partir de 1982. Toutefois, Antenne 2 ne retransmet que des rencontres des phases finales, jamais des matchs de la phase préliminaire. Cela change avec l’arrivée de la chaîne cryptée Canal+. Celle-ci acquiert les droits des matchs du championnat et commence à diffuser des rencontres des phases préliminaires. En outre, elle modernise considérablement les retransmissions en s’inspirant des recettes qu’elle appliquait avec succès au football : prise d’antenne bien avant le coup d’envoi pour présenter la rencontre en profondeur, reporter au bord du terrain et dans les vestiaires, recours aux statistiques etc. Le recours aux consultants devient systématique. De nombreux anciens joueurs sont intervenus ou interviennent actuellement comme consultants à Canal+ ou à France 2; suivant l'exemple de Pierre Albaladejo, Serge Blanco, Thierry Lacroix, Philippe Sella, Éric Bonneval, Jérôme Cazalbou, Philippe Bernat-Salles, Thomas Castaignède, Thomas Lombard, Raphaël Ibañez, Fabien Pelous, Marc Lièvremont occupent ou ont occupé ce poste de consultant.
Le 4 novembre 1794, alors que le 21e bataillon retranché devant Nimègue, est délogé par une sortie vigoureuse des Anglais et des émigrés, il rallie aussitôt sa troupe, reprend les retranchements, force l’ennemi à rentrer en ville dans le plus grand désordre, et lui fait perdre 300 hommes dans cette affaire. Le 18 avril 1797, lors de la bataille de Neuwied, il est blessé d’un coup de boulet à la cuisse droite et au pouce de la main gauche.
L'édition des images, des animations ou du son sont effectuées avec les logiciels appropriés. Un éditeur HTML ne sert qu'à disposer ces ressources dans une page Web.
Le candidat vainqueur réalise un single avec son clip-vidéo qui sera diffusé en exclusivité sur Antenne Réunion ainsi qu'une programmation de leur concert dans les grandes scènes de l'île de La Réunion.
Après avoir été peintre en bâtiments pendant quelque temps, Beaugrand lance enfin, à l'été 1873, un projet qu'il caressait depuis longtemps : « établir à Fall River une feuille hebdomadaire, qui représenterait, ici, les intérêts de nos compatriotes émigrés, et qui travaillerait constamment à disséminer parmi eux les connaissances aujourd’hui si nécessaires à la réussite de toute entreprise ». Le 19 juillet paraît donc le premier numéro de L’Écho du Canada, un hebdomadaire de huit pages. « Le nom choisi trahit l’intention de son directeur (...), qui cherche à rapprocher les Canadiens français émigrés de leur famille et de leurs amis restés au pays.» « Organe de la population canadienne-française de Fall River », le journal deviendra bientôt « Organe de la population franco-canadienne des États-Unis ». De novembre 1874 à mai 1875, L’Écho du Canada a également une édition à Lowell.
Ces éditeurs éditent directement en langage HTML : le code y apparaît et y est traité comme du texte. Ils requièrent donc une compétence dans ce langage. En contrepartie, ils permettent à un utilisateur compétent de s'assurer de la qualité du document produit.
La chasse-galerie et autres récits, Montréal, Édition du Boréal, 2002, 184 p. — Texte conforme à l'édition de 1900, avec une postface, une chronologie et une bibliographie de François Ricard.
Debré est ainsi dans les années 1950 un adversaire farouche du projet de Communauté européenne de défense, qu'il contribue par ses discours au Conseil de la République à faire échouer. Il se réjouit également de la prise de distance de de Gaulle avec la Communauté européenne de l'énergie atomique (Euratom) au profit de la bombe nucléaire française. Il s'opposera encore clairement, encore qu'avec un moindre écho et sans succès, à l'élection au suffrage universel du Parlement européen, au motif qu'il ne reçoit et ne devrait recevoir aucune délégation de souveraineté. Il condamne à plusieurs reprises la primauté du droit communautaire comme une absurdité, voire comme une manifestation de « l'esprit vichyssois qui accepte que la France soit commandée par l'étranger »
De belles poésies écrites par un ancien Roisséen, Edmond Bernard, font une description pleine d'humour et de sensibilité de la vie de son village natal.
La guerre de 1870 marqua profondément la commune. Le 8 septembre, les soldats français battant en retraite incendièrent au passage, sur ordre du gouverneur de Paris, les fermes afin que les récoltes ne tombent pas aux mains des Prussiens. Les fermes Boisseau et Tetard furent partiellement détruites mais la population évita la propagation des incendies malgré les interdictions des militaires. À l'approche des troupes ennemies, la plupart des Roisséens fuirent le village emportant tout ce qui était possible sur des charrettes. Le 18 septembre, dix-mille soldats prussiens accompagnés de mille chevaux campèrent dans le village et ses alentours. La moitié des troupes repartirent dès le lendemain, mais l'autre moitié y resta jusqu'au 3 mars 1871. Durant l'occupation, le village fut mis à sac par les cavaliers prussiens ; afin de se chauffer durant l'hiver rigoureux de 1870-1871, ils arrachèrent les portes des maisons et brûlèrent le mobilier, la mairie fut également incendiée et les archives détruites. D'après un rapport du maire, monsieur Cabuzet, les dommages se montaient à 1 793 421 francs. En 1890, la municipalité racheta le presbytère et y installa la pompe à incendie.
Ce constat poussa la nouvelle municipalité élue en 1977 à prendre plusieurs mesures afin d'enrayer cette décadence : un programme immobilier de cent logements fut décidé en plein centre-ville, permettant au passage de créer une trame urbaine plus cohérente au village. L'habitat insalubre fut progressivement éliminé et les personnes, souvent âgées, qui occupaient ces maisons furent relogées dans de petits logements sociaux. Un foyer de personnes âgées fut également créé dans le nouveau parc communal aménagé. Ces constructions imposaient de revoir totalement l'alimentation en eau potable du village : un nouveau forage fut alors effectué en 1978 et mis en fonctionnement l'année suivante, il rendit inutile le château d'eau érigé en 1901, qui fut alors démoli. L'assainissement des eaux usées posait lui-même également problème : la construction de l'aéroport et de nombreux bâtiments ne permettait plus l'absorption par les terres labourées des surplus de précipitations. En juillet 1977, un orage provoqua une importante inondation d'une partie du village, qui se vit contraint de trouver rapidement des solutions : les canalisations d'écoulement furent doublées et un bassin de retenue relié au Croult mis en chantier.
Les Mutations du livre et de l'édition dans le monde du XVIIIe siècle à l'an 2000 (actes du colloque international, Sherbrooke, 2000), Paris, l'Harmattan ; Saint-Nicolas (Québec), Presses de l'université Laval, 2001 (codir. avec Jacques Michon)
(4006) Sandler (1972 YR) est un astéroïde de la ceinture principale, découvert le 29 décembre 1972 par l'astronome soviétique Tamara Smirnova à l'Observatoire d'astrophysique de Crimée. Il a été nomme d'après le chef de chœur de la Radio et Télévision de Léningrad Grigori Sandler, à l'occasion de son soixantième anniversaire.
Ce « libéralisme » est à comprendre dans un pays où être libéral et jacobin n'est pas contradictoire. Le libéralisme français a historiquement hésité, ainsi que l'a montré par exemple Lucien Jaume, entre deux grandes tendances, l'une fondée sur l'individualisme dans la lignée de Benjamin Constant, qui échoue, et l'autre sur le recours à l'État et la primauté de l'intérêt général dans la lignée de François Guizot, un « libéralisme d'État » (Jaume), qui l'emporte. C'est dans cette dernière tendance que s'inscrit Debré.
En Angleterre, Laurent bénéfice de toute la confiance du manager Bobby Robson, qui fait de lui une pièce maitresse de son équipe type. Les saisons suivantes sont plus mitigées et l'arrivée de l'entraîneur Graeme Souness pousse Laurent Robert vers la sortie. Prêté à Portsmouth FC (où il côtoie l'entraîneur français Alain Perrin) durant l'été 2005, il est transféré en janvier 2006 au Benfica Lisbonne. À la fin de la saison 2005-2006 il quitte Benfica pour le club espagnol de Levante. Malgré un nombre important de français dans l'effectif du club espagnol, il ne parvient pas à s'intégrer et à s'imposer dans le onze type et suit même les matchs depuis les tribunes. En novembre 2007, d'un commun accord avec son club espagnol, il met fin à son contrat. Libre, il signe à Derby County (Premier League anglaise) le 8 janvier 2008. Mais quelques mois plus tard, il rejoint le club canadien de Toronto afin de participer à la saison 2008 de la Major League Soccer. Le 20 août 2008, le Toronto FC le libère de son contrat et il signe quelques jours après avec le club grec de Larissa.
Le 13 mars 1974, après des années de travaux, la commune vit l'inauguration et la mise en service de l'aéroport Charles-de-Gaulle - tel est son nom de baptême - le plus grand d'Europe en superficie. Sa construction au début des années 1970 a profondément modifié l'aspect et l'économie du village, dont plus de la moitié de la superficie est dorénavant occupée par ses installations. La perspective des nuisances acoustiques a provoqué un arrêt de toute construction de logements neufs ce qui menaçait l'existence même du village à moyen terme, les jeunes ménages devant quitter alors la commune pour se loger. De même, les propriétaires du village n'entretenaient pas toujours leurs biens face à la perspective du possible anéantissement du village.
Ilana Salama Ortar (née à Alexandrie, Égypte, en 1949) est une artiste visuelle interdisciplinaire qui vit à Tel Aviv, Francfort et Marseille. Son travail traite de l'immigration, du déracinement, de l'exil et de l'architecture d'urgence.
2017 : Daniel Prévost à la cérémonie de clôture de remise des prix du FIFIGROT 2017, Carnets filmés de Gérard Courant - un juré de festival de cinéma
par les réseaux sociaux existant, tels que les fichiers des anciens élèves d'universités (ou de grandes écoles en France), associations comme l’APEC en France, ou encore les médias sociaux, tels que Facebook et LinkedIn, sont une autre façon de rejoindre les candidats potentiels ;
En 2001, la Kirium Formula 1 est créée. Il s'agit d'une montre analogique alliant des fonctions de chronographe numérique à une précision au 1/100e de seconde. Cette même année, TAG Heuer devient chronométreur officiel des championnats du monde de ski alpin à Saint-Anton, en Autriche.
La FFR décide d'alléger la compétition en ne faisant disputer que les matchs aller du championnat et en supprimant la Coupe de France. Pour la seule fois dans l'histoire du championnat, les clubs non qualifiés (après la phase qualificative en poules de huit) disputent une épreuve de consolation appelée la Coupe Cyril Rutherford en l'honneur d'un ancien capitaine du XV de France au début des années 1900.
L'espace euclidien est un groupe de Lie. Son groupe des difféomorphismes a deux composantes connexes : les difféomorphismes qui préservent l'orientation et ceux qui la renversent. En fait, le groupe général linéaire est un rétract fort par déformation de Diff(ℝn ,0) (donc aussi de Diff(ℝn)), par l'application qui à tout réel t de [0,1] et tout difféomorphisme f fixant 0 associe le difféomorphisme ft défini par : ft(x) = f(tx)/t si t est non nul et f0 = f'(0).
Le volant est fixé sur la tige qui se déplace avec celui-ci, ou fileté avec la tige qui monte à l'intérieur du volant fixe, ou l'opercule se déplace sur le filet extérieur de la tige qui est fixe. L'on dira "à tige montante".
Beaugrand est élu maire de Montréal. Le vote est très polarisé du point de vue linguistique. Les quartiers catholiques et français se sont rangés derrière Beaudry; les quartiers anglophones et protestants ont appuyé Beaugrand. Les conservateurs canadiens-français, opposés à lui, lui reprocheront d'être le «Maire des Anglais.»
Selon l'historien grec antique Polybe, Manius Curius Dentatus, vainqueur des Samnites et des Sabins en 290 av. J.-C., est immédiatement élu pour remplacer Lucius Caecilius Metellus comme praetor suffect ou consul suffect si la bataille se déroule en 284 av. J.-C. Le consul en exercice Publius Cornelius Dolabella prépare son armée pour gagner l'Étrurie. Pendant ce temps, Polybe présente Dentatus tentant de négocier la libération des prisonniers romains. Une autre version donnée par Appien prête à cette ambassade une toute autre mission. Les Romains, engagés dans une guerre en Étrurie, accusent les Sénons, alors techniquement considérés comme socii, d'avoir violer un traité en fournissant des mercenaires et en capturant des soldats romains. Toutefois, aucune demande de rançon ni aucun échange ne sont mentionnés par les auteurs antiques. Les Gaulois exécutent les émissaires romains (legati) ce qui a pour effet de décupler l'envie de combattre des soldats romains.
Le 28 janvier 1998, Noël Godin reçoit chez lui une enveloppe dans laquelle se trouve un message l'informant que Bill Gates sera à Bruxelles le 4 février et que « si le coup vous intéresse on peut vous aider ». Godin rencontre son informateur, qui s'avère être un employé de Microsoft Belgique et qui lui remet un horaire détaillé et le trajet qu'empruntera Bill Gates. Afin d'être au courant des derniers ajustements dans l'horaire de Gates, un des complices de Godin se fait passer pour un journaliste désirant effectuer un documentaire Vingt-quatre Heures avec Bill Gates ; il pourra ainsi suivre ce dernier toute la journée de sa visite qui sera finalement le 5 février. Godin et sa bande prévoient d'entarter Gates quand il donnera une conférence de presse à l'hôtel Méridien ; l'informateur de chez Microsoft leur a donné des laissez-passer. Le rendez-vous sera manqué. Plus tard, en face du Concert Noble se préparent plusieurs petits groupes de trois entarteurs. Au moment où Gates s'apprête à entrer dans l'édifice, les entarteurs se ruent vers Gates qui est entarté trois fois. Ce dernier cherche ensuite à s'abriter dans l'édifice mais à ce moment un quatrième entarteur, le cinéaste Rémy Belvaux, envoie une quatrième tarte à la figure de Gates. Les autres entarteurs s'exclament : « Entartons, entartons le polluant pognon ! »
En juin 1993, Noël Godin est l'un des invités de l'émission Durand la Nuit sur TF1. Il profite de la tribune qui lui est offerte pour entarter en direct un autre invité, le romancier Vladimir Volkoff, qu'il qualifie « d'infâme tsariste ». Sur le coup, la chaise de Volkoff bascule ; il déserte ensuite le plateau en titubant. Ce coup d'éclat forcera TF1 à annuler l'émission quelques mois plus tard par peur d'autres accrochages en direct.
Frédéric Rouvillois, « Se choisir un modèle : Michel Debré et le parlementarisme anglais en 1958 », Revue française d'histoire des idées politiques, no 12, août-décembre 2000, p. 347–366
Dans le discours pour la réception du Prix Nobel de littérature qu’il prononça à Stockholm en 1997, Dario Fo, rend hommage à un dramaturge vénitien du XVIe siècle, Angelo Beolco, dit Ruzzante, « un extraordinaire homme de théâtre de ma terre, peu connu… même en Italie. Mais qui est sans aucun doute le plus grand auteur de théâtre que l’Europe ait connu pendant la Renaissance avant l’arrivée de Shakespeare. » Il insiste sur la qualité du théâtre de Ruzzante, qu’il considère comme « le vrai père de la commedia dell’arte, qui inventa un langage original, un langage pour le théâtre, basé sur une variété de langues : les dialectes de la Vallée du Pô, des expressions en latin, en espagnol, même en allemand, le tout mélangé avec des onomatopées de sa propre invention. »
Après la Première Guerre mondiale, l'agriculture française manque de bras. Roissy-en-France, village agricole, n'échappera pas à la règle. À partir de 1922 et pratiquement pendant dix ans, une main d'œuvre polonaise vient s'installer et combler cette lacune.
Jules César affronte cette confédération en 58 av. J.-C. une première fois sur le territoire des Séquanes, puis à la bataille de Bibracte. La défaite les contraint à retourner sur leur territoire d’origine, à l’exception des Boïens qui s’installent chez les Éduens.
Le chien d'Artois est un chien d'ordre de taille moyenne, au corps charpenté et musclé, pas trop long. Forte et assez longue, la queue est épiée (ou espiée) et portée en faucille sans retomber vers l'avant. La tête est large et forte. Attachée à la hauteur de la ligne de l’œil, la large oreille est pratiquement plate ce qui différencie le chien d'Artois des autres races de chiens courants français. L'extrémité arrondie atteint la naissance de la truffe. Les yeux sont saillants, grands, très ouverts et de couleur brun foncé.
Considérant que la démographie de l'île est une menace pour son développement, Michel Debré organise durant les années 1960 le déplacement de Réunionnais vers la métropole. Il crée pour ce faire le BUMIDOM (Bureau pour le développement des migrations dans les départements d'outre-mer) et le CNARM (Comité national d'accueil et d'actions pour les Réunionnais en mobilité). Dans le même état d'esprit, il fait procéder à partir de 1963 au déplacement, vers la Métropole de plus de 1 600 enfants réunionnais (ces déplacements cesseront en 1982) en vue de repeupler certains départements métropolitains en cours de désertification, notamment la Creuse. Au professeur Denoix qui s'insurgeait contre ces pratiques, il répond dans une lettre : « L'entreprise doit être poursuivie avec d'autant plus de constance qu'elle peut être combinée avec un admirable mouvement d'adoption que nous n'arrivons pas toujours à satisfaire. ».
L'évolution du nombre d'habitants est connue à travers les recensements de la population effectués dans la commune depuis 1793. À partir de 2006, les populations légales des communes sont publiées annuellement par l'Insee. Le recensement repose désormais sur une collecte d'information annuelle, concernant successivement tous les territoires communaux au cours d'une période de cinq ans. Pour les communes de moins de 10 000 habitants, une enquête de recensement portant sur toute la population est réalisée tous les cinq ans, les populations légales des années intermédiaires étant quant à elles estimées par interpolation ou extrapolation. Pour la commune, le premier recensement exhaustif entrant dans le cadre du nouveau dispositif a été réalisé en 2006.
Les outils sécuritaires sont utilisés par les forces de l'ordre pour observer et mémoriser le plus d'actions possibles des individus, à titre préventif, y compris en temps de paix, ou de lutte contre le terrorisme.
Après une ultime démarche de Joseph-Adolphe Chapleau, Louis Riel est pendu le 16 novembre sur décision du conseil des ministres conservateurs d'Ottawa. L'indignation est générale au Québec. Le 22 novembre, se tient au Champ-de-Mars la plus importante assemblée publique réunissant 50 000 personnes venues entendre Honoré Mercier et Wilfrid Laurier. Des portraits de Louis Riel apparaissent aux vitrines des magasins de l'Est. Les ex-maires Jean-Louis Beaudry et Charles-Joseph Coursol répudient le gouvernement conservateur et appuient Honoré Mercier.
Les matchs se déroulent sur le terrain du premier club cité. En cas de match nul, les deux équipes sont départagées au nombre de coups de pied de coin obtenus, puis par tirage au sort à la pièce jetée.
Lorsque les troupes du 65e bataillon rentrent à Montréal après avoir vaincu les Cris qui sont les alliés des Métis, lors de la rébellion du Nord-Ouest, Beaugrand multiplie les hommages et préside un grand banquet en l'honneur des militaires. Les magasins anglais de la métropole exposent le portrait du général Middleton qui vient d'assiéger pendant 30 jours Batoche, le quartier-général de Louis Riel et Gabriel Dumont où une centaine de Métis insurgés ont été vaincus. La Ville de Montréal décrète le 25 juillet fête civique afin de rappeler cette «grande» victoire.
Il décède le 17 juillet 1855 et est inhumé dans l'église de Saint-Malo de Dinan, sauf son cœur qui sera déposé dans une des chapelles la cathédrale de Rennes, une plaque de marbre noir lui rendant hommage. Son portrait sur toile est exposé dans la sacristie de la cathédrale de Rennes, et une lithographie a été réalisée par la lithographie Oberthur en 1855, selon une publicité passée dans le Dinannais le 2 et le 9 septembre.
Entre 1892 et 1898, seuls quelques clubs parisiens s’affrontent entre eux. Mais l’ouverture du championnat aux clubs de province en 1899 nécessite la mise en place d’un mode de sélection pour les phases finales à peu près objectif. Jusqu’à la Première Guerre mondiale, les participants sont donc issus de championnats régionaux (entre trois et dix-sept suivant les années) et disputent des phases finales à élimination directe. Après 1919, le championnat devient réellement national, avec des poules géographiques, dont les vainqueurs disputaient une deuxième phase de poule, avant des phases finales. Le nombre de clubs varie alors en général entre 40 et 54.
C'est à nouveau un moteur badgé TAG Heuer qui équipe Red Bull Racing en 2017. Ricciardo s'impose en Azerbaïdjan, puis Verstappen en Malaisie et au Mexique.
Qualifier Michel Debré de « souverainiste » serait un anachronisme, mais le terme permet de montrer dans quelle famille politique se situeraient aujourd'hui ses idées. Il consacre dans ses mémoires de longs passages à la construction européenne, appelée la « supranationalité », qu'il rejette absolument dès lors qu'elle met en cause la souveraineté de la nation française. Il condamne en ces termes un amendement du Comité consultatif constitutionnel établissant la supériorité automatique des traités internationaux sur le droit interne :
Pour la saison 2015, Pascal Montrouge reste il est rejoint par Stéphanie Thazar, Prof. Jah Pinpin et Nicole Dambreville. Les 5 juges invités ont été : Dominique Barret, Phil Barney, Bernard Joron, Alain Ramanisum et Meddy Gerville
Les Latobices (ou Latobriges, latinisé en Latovici ou Latobrigi) étaient un peuple celte, voisins et probablement clients des Helvètes. Ils sont connus par quatre mentions de Jules César dans ses Commentaires sur la Guerre des Gaules (Livre I, 5, 25, 28 & 29).
Les Lectures du peuple en Europe et dans les Amériques (XVIIe – XXe siècles), Bruxelles, Complexe, 2003 (codirection avec Hans-Jürgen Lüsebrink, York-Gothart Mix et Patricia Sorel)
La fabrication en Suisse est majoritairement effectuée avec des mouvements suisses ETA en provenance du Swatch Group, d'autres venant des usines Sellita. Depuis 2010, TAG Heuer produit le Calibre 1887, un mouvement développé à partir d'un Seiko, Swiss made dans son usine dédiée à Chevenez. La marque reste la plus rentable du pôle horlogerie-joaillerie de LVMH, suivie par Bulgari et Hublot, avec plus de 700 000 exemplaires de montres vendus par an dans les années 2000.
Le monument aux morts fut inauguré le 20 août 1920. À partir de 1935, les égouts furent installés. En 1936, la municipalité issue du Front populaire aida les familles de grévistes, contrairement à la situation de 1911.
Un éditeur WYSIWYG permet d'éditer une page Web à peu près telle qu'elle apparaît dans les navigateurs courants. Il propose les fonctions classiques des traitements de texte WYSIWYG. Ses deux principaux avantages sont la facilité d'utilisation et l'observation immédiate du rendu graphique. Ses deux principaux désavantages sont le manque de maîtrise sur la qualité du document HTML produit et les risques d'incompatibilité avec des navigateurs non prévus par l'éditeur (plus récents, plus anciens, ou moins courants).
La commedia dell'arte est un genre de théâtre populaire italien, né au XVIe siècle, où des acteurs masqués improvisent des comédies marquées par la naïveté, la ruse et l'ingéniosité. Ce genre est apparu avec les premières troupes de comédie avec masques, en 1528.
Dès août 1914, des observatoires furent créés, et un poste de défense anti-aérienne installé sur la route de Louvres. En septembre, les Uhlans furent signalés à Senlis ce qui provoqua la panique, le maire reçut l'ordre d'évacuer la population ; un convoi de cent-dix personnes quitta ainsi le village le jeudi 3 septembre, laissé à neuf personnes qui choisirent de ne pas le quitter dont le curé, le père Fréauville. Les habitants qui avaient trouvé refuge à Monnerville au sud de la Seine-et-Oise revinrent peu à peu dès le 12 septembre et trouvèrent un spectacle de désolation : les maisons avaient été pillées, les environs saccagés, les arbres coupés, les routes jonchés de détritus. Le village est occupé par les troupes du 143° et 144° régiment d'infanterie. L'église jonchée de paille devait servir d'hôpital de campagne En octobre, le général Gallieni établi son poste de commandement dans la propriété de madame Gonnet. En 1915 et 1916, soixante-dix Roisséens étaient mobilisés.
Le chien d'Artois est décrit dans le standard FCI comme un chien vigoureux et rustique, équilibré et affectueux. Très intelligent, le chien d'Artois peut entrer en meute dès l'âge de six mois. C'est un chien considéré comme obéissant et d'une grande gentillesse, bien que certains sujets trop dominateurs demandent une éducation ferme. Il se montre particulièrement tendre envers les enfants[réf. nécessaire].
Cette formule est en vigueur jusqu'en 2009. À partir de la saison 2009-2010, les équipes classées aux deux premières places sont directement qualifiées pour les demi-finales. Les deux places restantes sont disputées par les équipes classées de la troisième à la sixième place au cours de deux matchs de barrage : l'équipe classée troisième reçoit la sixième et la quatrième reçoit la cinquième (avantage du terrain pour l'équipe la mieux classée). Mais les demi-finales se jouent toujours en terrain neutre.
En mars 1968, le projet définitif réalisé dans le cadre d'une ZAC, ne présente plus qu'un immeuble, une pyramide dont la tour compte 28 étages et dont la base est longue de 425 mètres. En mai 1970, les travaux débutent. En 1971, les premiers habitants s'installent. En 1974, les derniers appartements sont livrés. Parmi les premiers locataires, Jean-Marc Ayrault, jeune professeur d'allemand dans un établissement voisin, le collège Gutenberg, devenu maire de Saint-Herblain en 1977. Les famille Ayrault y vivra pendant six ans.
Au troisième son de la trompe, le SBS ramènera les tribus perdues et la Terre sera comme un paradis. L'arbre de vie sera de nouveau accessible.
À partir de 1904, la suprématie des équipes de la moitié Sud de la France devient écrasante. Le SBUC dispute toutes les finales entre 1904 et 1911 et n'en perd que deux. Le rugby s’enracine profondément dans un rectangle Lyon-La Rochelle-Biarritz-Toulon : la vallée du Rhône, le Languedoc, le Roussillon, le Béarn, le Pays basque, la vallée de la Garonne et les Pyrénées succombent au charme du ballon ovale. Naturellement, de grands clubs apparaissent. L'Aviron bayonnais, en 1913, apporte dans le sillage du Gallois Owen Roe, partisan d'un jeu très ouvert, le premier titre à une "petite ville" de Province.
En juin 1870, il s’enrôle dans la marine américaine et est stationné à la base navale de Pensacola, au nord-ouest de la Floride, pas très loin de Mobile et de La Nouvelle-Orléans. En août 1870, il obtient le grade de caporal et, le 13 décembre de la même année, il est promu sergent. La mission des compagnies d’infanterie et d’artillerie dont il est fait partie est de maintenir l’ordre parmi la population civile autour des bases navales de Pensacola, Key West et Dry Tortugas. Cette affection routinière ne le satisfaisant pas, Beaugrand quitte la marine vers avril 1871, soit moins d'un après s'être engagé.
Les Trois Gorges, en mandarin 三峡 ; pinyin : Sān Xiá , ou gorges du Yangzi Jiang sont un ensemble de gorges de Chine située sur le cours moyen du Yangzi Jiang, en aval de la ville Chongqing, au sud des monts Daba. Elles commencent dans le Sichuan pour se terminer dans le Hubei. À leur sortie est construit l'immense barrage des Trois-Gorges dont la retenue les a partiellement noyées.
Parmi les personnages glorieux qui virent le jour à Roissy, l'on compte Aubin Olivier, graveur des Monnaies ; inventeur et conducteur des engins du moulin de la monnaie, en l'Isle du Palais de Paris, mort à Paris en 1581.
À la suite de l'offensive allemande du printemps 1918, un terrain agricole au nord du village, en bordure de la nationale no 2 fut construit le premier aérodrome. La première escadre de Combat s'y installait. Elle allait soutenir activement l'armée du Général Mangin dont le succès sur le front de Villers-Cotterêts allait marquer le début de la contre-offensive. Il disparut dès l'offensive franco-américaine de juillet-août 1918. Un détachement fut alors abrité à proximité dans des hangars.
En 1957, Michel Debré est accusé par René Kovacs dans l'Affaire du Bazooka où il est cité comme commanditaire direct (avec Alain Griotteray et Pascal Arrighi entre autres) de la tentative d'assassinat sur le général Raoul Salan à Alger le 16 janvier 1957,; en dehors du témoignage des accusés aucune preuve n'est apportée et le procès est rapidement classé. Selon le contre-terroriste de l'ORAF, Philippe Castille, exécutant principal de l'attentat, Michel Debré est à la tête du secret comité des Six comprenant le député Jacques Soustelle (branche parlementaire) et le général René Cogny (branche militaire). Lors de son procès, le général Salan (arrêté en avril 1962 pour avoir participé au putsch des généraux puis avoir été le chef de l'OAS) met également Michel Debré en cause déclarant: « Aucun témoignage n'a été recueilli, pas même celui de M. Michel Debré. Or il est impossible de comprendre les événements et d'expliquer ma position comme le mobile de mes actes si l'attentat du bazooka n'est pas éclairci. Quand le pouvoir refuse à un inculpé une justice complète, c'est qu'il y a le plus grand intérêt ».
A. Lievyns, Jean Maurice Verdot, Pierre Bégat, Fastes de la Légion-d'honneur, biographie de tous les décorés accompagnée de l'histoire législative et réglementaire de l'ordre, Tome 3, Bureau de l’administration, 1844, 529 p. (lire en ligne), p. 450.
Notice historique sur Naigeon (Jean), membre de la Legion-d'Honneur, peintre d'histoire, ancien conservateur du Musée du Luxembourg, Paris, 1848 ; p. 7 Texte
Le nombre de clubs participants augmente régulièrement, passant de 95 en 1942-43 à 154 en 1945-46. Après la guerre, le nombre de clubs de l'élite est réduit à 64 clubs pour la saison 1946-47 et varie par la suite entre 40 et 80 jusqu'à la saison 1991-92.
Aux huit clubs qualifiés à la suite du deuxième tour se joignent les clubs professionnels éliminés en huitièmes de finale de la Coupe de France : Cherbourg, Nancy, Reims, Sochaux, Strasbourg et Toulon.
Il existe en France une Charte de la diversité en entreprise qui recommande une Traçabilité des process RH et managériaux, en tant que « Possibilité de retrouver, pour un candidat ou un salarié, la trace de toutes les étapes de sa sélection et de son évolution de carrière. Dans le cadre d'une plainte pour discrimination, cette traçabilité est particulièrement utile pour l'employeur qui doit prouver qu'aucune des décisions concernant le collaborateur n'a été prise sur la base de motifs discriminatoires ».
Beaugrand aura été affecté tout au long de sa vie par de sérieux problèmes de santé (asthme), qui l'ont forcé à chercher refuge sous des cieux plus cléments et des climats plus favorables. Il est décédé le 7 octobre 1906 à Montréal. En conformité avec ses volontés, il a été incinéré, sans cérémonie religieuse, et ses cendres ont été enterrées près de celles de sa femme protestante, au cimetière Mont-Royal à Montréal dans la section F3.
Il évolue par la suite durant le siècle de la Renaissance pour atteindre les proportions qu'on lui connaît aujourd'hui. La standardisation de la race est faite lors de son incorporation aux meutes royales, dans la première moitié du XVIIe siècle. Pour le distinguer de l'ancienne forme dite « grand chien d'Artois », il est alors dénommé « briquet d'Artois », puis finalement « chien d'Artois ».
Honoré Beaugrand, fils de Louis Beaugrand, dit Champagne, navigateur, et de Marie-Josephte (Joséphine) Marion, est l’aîné des fils d’une famille qui comptera six enfants (3 garçons et 3 filles).
Le yarn bombing investit la rue en utilisant et en recouvrant le mobilier urbain d'ouvrages à base de fil : bancs, escaliers, ponts, mais aussi des éléments de paysage naturel comme les troncs d'arbre, ainsi que les sculptures dans les places ou les jardins.
Face à des Sochaliens qui remonteront en première division à l'issue de la saison, l'US Forbach ne pèse pas lourd lors de cette finale, disputée qui plus est au Stade Auguste-Bonal. Deux buts par mi-temps, dont un coup du chapeau de Ginès Liron, et le FC Sochaux s'impose par 4 buts à 0. Parmi l'équipe victorieuse, seuls trois joueurs n'avaient pas disputé la finale de l'année précédente : Bosquier, Andrieux et Leclerc.
(en) Cet article est partiellement ou en totalité issu de l’article de Wikipédia en anglais intitulé « Kaho Kōda » (voir la liste des auteurs).
L'évolution du nombre d'habitants est connue à travers les recensements de la population effectués dans la commune depuis 1793. À partir de 2006, les populations légales des communes sont publiées annuellement par l'Insee. Le recensement repose désormais sur une collecte d'information annuelle, concernant successivement tous les territoires communaux au cours d'une période de cinq ans. Pour les communes de moins de 10 000 habitants, une enquête de recensement portant sur toute la population est réalisée tous les cinq ans, les populations légales des années intermédiaires étant quant à elles estimées par interpolation ou extrapolation. Pour la commune, le premier recensement exhaustif entrant dans le cadre du nouveau dispositif a été réalisé en 2007.
Le 9 octobre 1904, elle épouse Gabriel Bustros et donne naissance, un an plus tard, à Fadi, qui demeure son fils unique. Se consacrant à l’éducation de son fils, elle dirige ses études primaires avec des précepteurs à domicile. Les vacances ont lieu dans les propriétés familiales d’Égypte et de Palestine.
Politiquement, Roissy-en-France est une commune très ancrée à droite, les électeurs ayant continuellement voté majoritairement à droite à toutes les consultations électorales depuis plusieurs années. On notera le vote fort pour le Front national qui dépasse les tendances régionales et nationales à chaque élection de quatre à huit points.
Le traitement post-opératoire à base d'une chimiothérapie, complétée parfois par une radiothérapie dans les cas d'histologie défavorable (dite à haut risque de récidive).
La commune est limitrophe de Gonesse, Le Thillay, Vaudherland, Goussainville, Louvres et Épiais-lès-Louvres dans le département du Val-d'Oise, du Tremblay-en-France dans le département de la Seine-Saint-Denis et de Mauregard dans le département de Seine-et-Marne.
Les Trois Gorges offrent un spectacle qui attire de nombreux touristes et a permis le développement d'une véritable industrie touristique fructueuse avec de nombreux bateaux naviguant entre Chongqing et Yichang. Ces gorges offrent une atmosphère mystérieuse lorsque la brume et les nuages emplissent les gorges et enveloppent les falaises et les pitons rocheux. Au moment des crues en été, le niveau de l'eau s'élève de plus de cent mètres et la navigation devient alors très dangereuse et très risquée.
Elle fait partie depuis 1801 du canton d'Auxi-le-Château. Dans le cadre du redécoupage cantonal de 2014 en France, la commune est intégrée au canton de Saint-Pol-sur-Ternoise.
Action analgésique périphérique et action antipyrétique de type aspirine. Inhibition de la synthèse des prostaglandines et de la libération de la bradykinine.
La chanson de la saison interprété par l'ensemble du groupe est la même que celle de la Saison 3 à savoir une reprise de la chanson des Enfoirés, Attention au départ
Le Musée Faina est un musée fondé en 1864, hébergé, avec le Museo civico, dans le palazzo Faina de la ville d'Orvieto en province de Terni (Ombrie).
Le cas des variétés de dimension 4 (en) est encore plus pathologique. C'est au début des années 1980, en combinant des résultats de Simon Donaldson et Michael Freedman, que furent découverts les ℝ4 exotiques (en) : il existe une famille non dénombrable d'ouverts de ℝ4, tous homéomorphes à ℝ4 mais deux à deux non difféomorphes, et il existe aussi une famille non dénombrable de variétés homéomorphes à ℝ4, deux à deux non difféomorphes, dont aucune n'est difféomorphe à un ouvert de ℝ4.
Mais c'est bien entendu l'aéroport qui offre un nombre considérable d'emplois, environ 85 000 estimés début 2007. La plate-forme aéroportuaire possède pas moins de vingt hôtels de toutes catégories totalisant 4 200 chambres. Ces hôtels font tous partie de grandes chaînes hôtelières internationales. Une importante partie du parc d'activités Paris-Nord II se situe par ailleurs sur le territoire communal. Le parc comptait au total en 2003 : 500 entreprises totalisant 16 000 emplois, 135 commerces regroupés dans un centre commercial, et 10 hôtels totalisant 1 800 chambres, pour un chiffre d'affaires global de 4,5 milliards d'euros.
En septembre, 30 personnes par jour succombent à la maladie; le conseil municipal décrète la vaccination obligatoire. Des médecins vont de porte en porte pour vacciner mais le public refuse de les recevoir. Le conseil municipal hésite à prendre d'autres mesures. C'est alors que le propriétaire-éditeur de The Gazette, Richard White, et l'éditeur du Montreal Star, Hugh Graham, multiplient les provocations et attaquent les autorités municipales. Appuyés par les hommes d'affaires, White et Graham conduisent des délégations à l'hôtel de ville. Finalement Graham est nommé à la tête d'un comité d'isolement des malades et White devient le responsable d'un comité de vaccination.
(en) Cet article est partiellement ou en totalité issu de l’article de Wikipédia en anglais intitulé « Diffeomorphism » (voir la liste des auteurs).
Mel Carnahan naît dans la région des Monts Ozarks de parents enseignants. Son père Albert est élu pendant 14 ans au Congrès et devient ambassadeur au Sierra Leone sous John Fitzgerald Kennedy. Après un diplôme de l'université George Washington, Carnahan rejoint la United States Air Force mais échoue aux tests physiques pour devenir pilote.
Les divers servises de police et de renseignements sont mis à contribution. Des divisions spéciales sont créées dans le seul but de collecter et de gérer les informations enregistrées.
En 2016, LVMH est accusé de condamner l’entreprise Logo de Morez (172 personnes) à la fermeture en refusant de renouveler les licences des marques Fred et TAG Heuer,,. Cet abandon du savoir-faire lunetier français est d’autant plus difficile à comprendre lorsqu’on connaît les origines de LVMH (Louis Vuitton est né dans le Jura en 1821).
Après un apprentissage en décoration d'intérieur, il étudie en 1920-1921 à l'École des Arts et Métiers de Dresde auprès de Max Frey. Il étudie ensuite à l'Académie de Dresde de 1922 à 1923. Durant les années 1920, ses peintures, principalement des portraits de la classe ouvrière, ont été influencés par les œuvres d'Otto Dix. Comme son ami Gert Heinrich Wollheim, il se représente souvent lui-même dans des attitudes théâtrales, comme dans son Autoportrait pendant la Saison du Carnaval (1930). Il réalise ses premières gravures en 1933.
L'évolution du nombre d'habitants est connue à travers les recensements de la population effectués dans la commune depuis 1793. À partir de 2006, les populations légales des communes sont publiées annuellement par l'Insee. Le recensement repose désormais sur une collecte d'information annuelle, concernant successivement tous les territoires communaux au cours d'une période de cinq ans. Pour les communes de moins de 10 000 habitants, une enquête de recensement portant sur toute la population est réalisée tous les cinq ans, les populations légales des années intermédiaires étant quant à elles estimées par interpolation ou extrapolation. Pour la commune, le premier recensement exhaustif entrant dans le cadre du nouveau dispositif a été réalisé en 2006.
Le château des princes Skibniewski, des szlachta (nobles polonais) qui possédaient la majeure partie des terres de la commune. C'est aujourd'hui l'hôpital pour enfants du raïon.
En mai 1996, deux employées de Daniel Toscan du Plantier contactent Noël Godin, qui se trouve à Cannes, en lui suggérant d'entarter Plantier parce que, selon elles, ce dernier devenait de plus en plus imbuvable. Godin rejoint Plantier au palais des Festivals et lui envoie sa tarte à la figure en s'écriant : « Entartons, Entartons les pontifiants croûtons ! ». Quelques secondes plus tard, un complice de Noël Godin, le cinéaste Jan Bucquoy, envoie une seconde tarte à la figure de Plantier. Le lendemain, Daniel Toscan du Plantier accuse Cannes TV, qui a filmé l'entartage, d'avoir été complice de l'événement et exige des excuses.
À partir de la saison 2007-08, le point de bonus défensif est octroyé à une équipe battue avec un écart inférieur ou égale à cinq points et le point de bonus offensif est accordé à une équipe qui inscrit trois essais de plus que son adversaire. Auparavant, il suffisait de marquer au moins quatre essais dans un match. Si bien que deux équipes ne peuvent plus marquer un point de bonus offensif dans le même match, ni obtenir les deux points de bonus.
La même année 1957, Michel Debré fonde Le Courrier de la colère (plus tard renommé Courrier de la Nation), mensuel défendant l'Algérie française et appelant au retour au pouvoir du général de Gaulle. Dans le numéro du 20 décembre 1957, il écrit : « le combat pour l'Algérie française est le combat légal, l'insurrection pour l'Algérie française est l'insurrection légale » ainsi que la célèbre déclaration : « Que les Algériens sachent surtout que l'abandon de la souveraineté française en Algérie est un acte illégitime ; ceux qui y consentiraient se rendraient complices des hors la loi et ceux qui s'y opposeraient par quelque moyen que ce soit, seraient en état de légitime défense »,.
88,2 % des logements étaient des résidences principales, réparties à 50,3 % en maisons individuelles et 49,7 % en appartements (respectivement 26,9 % et 73,1 % dans la région). 43,3 % des habitants sont propriétaires de leur logement, contre 46,6 % qui ne sont que locataires (respectivement 44,3 % et 51,1 % dans la région),.
Durant l'été 1999, plusieurs cas de paludisme ont été signalés autour de la plate-forme. D'un diagnostic difficile et détecté auprès de personnes n'ayant jamais voyagé en zone endémique, il est probablement provoqué par l'arrivée de moustiques voyageant accidentellement dans les avions. Depuis la première description du paludisme d’aéroport en 1977, 71 cas ont été publiés en Europe, dont 24 en France métropolitaine. Dans 18 cas, l’aéroport incriminé était Paris-Charles-de-Gaulle,.
Le cinéaste Jean Delannoy fut entarté par Noël Godin le 25 septembre 1988 à l'auditorium Shell de Bruxelles, où il était venu présenter son film Bernadette. Dans le communiqué de presse envoyé par Godin aux médias après l'entartage, on peut lire : « Georges Le Gloupier aurait trouvé cornichon que son courroux pâtissier ne s'abatte pas aussi sur l'arrière-garde artistique des punaises de sacristie ». Il y eut peu d’échos médiatiques de cet entartage.
Dans le cadre des dispositions de la loi portant nouvelle organisation territoriale de la République (Loi NOTRe) du 7 août 2015, qui prévoit que les établissements publics de coopération intercommunale (EPCI) à fiscalité propre doivent avoir un minimum de 15 000 habitants, le préfet du Pas-de-Calais a publié le 12 octobre 2015 un projet de schéma départemental de coopération intercommunale qui prévoyait diverses fusion d'intercommunalité.
Le jury du prix littéraire Élisabeth Langgässer, qui lui a été attribué le 26 février 2012, a justifié son choix en disant que l’auteur aborde le judaïsme d'une manière chaleureuse et va chercher ce qui y est caché. Elle montre que le pouvoir du Mal n’a pas pu tout détruire, dit Irina Wittmer, qui voit en outre un parallèle avec l’histoire de la vie et de la famille d'Élisabeth Langgässer, marquée elle aussi par les irrationalités et les illusions du XXe siècle. Le critique culturel Thomas Koch, lui aussi membre du jury, a beaucoup apprécié les relations constantes avec la biographie de l’auteur et a qualifié son travail de prose sans fioriture, allégée, mais qui n’en reste pas moins très poétique.
Les années 1995-2008 voient une nette domination du championnat par trois clubs qui remportent les quatorze titres de champion de France décernés après le passage au professionnalisme. Si le Stade toulousain remporte quatre titres consécutifs de 1994 à 1997, la fin des années 1990 voit le retour au premier plan du Stade français qui, sous l'impulsion de son président Max Guazzini, remporte le bouclier de Brennus en 1998 et met fin à l'hégémonie toulousaine. Quatre autres titres suivront jusqu’en 2007. Le club parisien partage cette suprématie du début des années 2000 avec le Biarritz olympique, vainqueur à deux reprises du championnat en 1935 et 1939, mais qui en remporte trois en 2002, 2005 et 2006. Le Stade toulousain reste néanmoins au premier plan en étant champion en 2001 et en remportant la Coupe d'Europe en 2003, en 2005 et en 2010 (victoires obtenues lors de finales 100 % françaises contre l'USA Perpignan, le Stade français et le Biarritz olympique).
Initialement connu par son surnom Marto, l'animateur adopte le pseudonyme Marto Napoli en 2003 après avoir piégé Jean Gravel, le chroniqueur de la page mondaine du Journal de Québec, qui publie un canular dans lequel Marto annonce une prétendue « conférence explicative latino tropicale » et une « initation » à la « dégustation de kiwis ».
Il est nommé par le comité d'instruction publique et le ministre de l'Intérieur Jules François Paré, le 28 août 1793, comme membre de la Commission pour la conservation des monuments des arts et des sciences crée en 1792 par la Convention qui comprend Monge, Berthollet, Vauquelin, Vicq-d'Azir, Barbier. Cette commission va sauver des monuments et des œuvres. À Paris et dans les environs, il va, avec ses collaborateurs, s'opposer au vandalisme dans la basilique de Saint-Denis, le château de Praslin, le château d'Écouen, le château de Marly, avec toutes les œuvres qu'ils contiennent et un grand nombre de collections privées.
On peut remarquer que les hypothèses sont légèrement redondantes. En effet, d'après le théorème de l'invariance du domaine, si U est un ouvert non vide de ℝn et f : U → ℝm une injection continue, et si m ≤ n, alors m = n, f(U) est ouvert, et f est un homéomorphisme entre U et f(U).
La datation de la bataille reste problématique. Polybe qualifie Lucius Caecilius Metellus Denter de Στρατηγός / strategos, ce qui pourrait correspondre au consul romain, fonction que Metellus occupe en 284 av. J.-C. Toutefois, il n'est fait aucune mention sur des documents telles que les Fasti Capitolini du fait qu'un consul en exercice ait trouvé la mort au combat, comme c'est le cas pour le consul Caius Flaminius en 217 av. J.-C. D'autres sources qualifient Metellus de praetor, ce qui placerait la bataille en 283 av. J.-C. Selon une dernière hypothèse, l'expédition quitte Rome durant le consulat de Lucius Caecilius mais la saison de campagne s'achève sans que les négociations aient abouti. Le général romain prend ses quartiers d'hiver en Étrurie. L'offensive gauloise n'interviendrait qu'après l'hiver, à la fin du mandat de consul de Metellus. Ce dernier étant le mieux placé pour repousser l'attaque, il aurait été nommé proconsul ou élu praetor in absentia afin de mener à bien la campagne militaire. Metellus aurait alors affronté les Gaulois dans les premiers mois de 283 av. J.-C.
Il est également possible de motoriser une vanne manuelle avec un actionneur portable pour améliorer le confort de manœuvre des opérateurs mais également en cas d'absence d'énergie disponible (vannes isolées). Dans ce cas, il existe des actionneurs portables pneumatique, électrique sur batterie ou thermique (à essence).
En 1817, les cultivateurs du village se cotisèrent afin d'acheter une pompe à incendie et un local dédié, première marque de l'existence d'un corps de sapeur-pompiers à Roissy. Le nouveau maire élu en 1819, Poiret, gendre du maire précédent Ducrocq, fit restituer à la commune par un long rapport une section du cadastre de soixante-six hectares dénommée « Canton retranché », injustement attribuée à la commune voisine du Tremblay. Cette restitution fut prononcée par l'ordonnance royale du 13 mars 1822. En 1822, la municipalité fit replanter 310 ormes pour remplacer les bois abattus durant le rigoureux hiver 1794.
La tumeur de Wilms ou néphroblastome représente plus de 90 % des tumeurs du rein chez l'enfant. Cette maladie cancéreuse est responsable de 5 à 14 % des cancers de l'enfant. Il est très différent du cancer du rein chez l'adulte.
À la fin des années 1950, les responsables d'Aéroports de Paris prévoyaient à juste titre une expansion considérable du trafic aérien et la rapide saturation des plates-formes du Bourget et d'Orly. Le gouvernement de l'époque voyait également l'agglomération parisienne atteindre les quinze millions d'habitants en l'an 2000, compte tenu des taux de croissance démographiques d'alors. La construction d'un nouvel aéroport s'imposait. Cette infrastructure se devait d'être située suffisamment loin de Paris et des communes urbaines au vu des nuisances acoustiques engendrées, surtout avec la vision des années 1960 d'un important trafic supersonique, mais en même temps rester assez accessible afin de limiter la longueur des réseaux routiers et ferroviaires de desserte. À fortiori, il devait se situer dans un secteur où les coûts d'expropriation restaient compatibles avec le budget alloué.
La formule change sensiblement pour le championnat 1987-1988 avec 80 clubs groupés en seize poules de cinq. Les deux premiers de chaque poule, soit 32 clubs, participent ensuite à une deuxième phase de qualification (appelée Groupe A) comprenant quatre poules de huit dont les quatre premiers (soit seize clubs) participent à des huitièmes de finale disputés par matchs aller - retour. Les tours suivants sont disputés par élimination directe sur un match. Cette formule n'est conservée que jusqu'à la saison 1989-1990.
Notices dans des bases relatives au sport : All-Athletics.com • Association européenne d'athlétisme • Association internationale des fédérations d'athlétisme • Ligue de diamant
Fontaine, avenue Charles-de-Gaulle, à proximité de l'église : Aménagée en 1987, elle s'appuie sur un mur de moellons d'une quinzaine de mètres de longueur et représente la gourde et les coquilles, symbolisant les pèlerins de Saint-Jacques-de-Compostelle. Néanmoins, le village ne figure sur aucun itinéraire connu de ce pèlerinage.
Au moins la moitié des patients atteints de la tumeur de Wilms et porteurs d'une mutation sur le gène WT1 sont également porteurs de mutations de CTNNB1, le gène codant la bêta-caténine.
Le chien d'Artois est avant tout un chien de chasse utilisé comme chien courant ou comme chien d'arrêt. Il s'agit d'un excellent compagnon du chasseur à tir ou à courre. Le chien d'Artois est réputé pour la chasse au lièvre, mais il peut chasser le chevreuil, le sanglier et le lapin. Chassant à vitesse moyenne mais très endurant, le chien d'Artois est doté d'un excellent odorat et d'une belle voix aigüe qui porte loin.
Pour la saison de Formule 1 2016, le moteur hybride RE16 fourni par Renault à l'écurie Red Bull pour sa RB12 est badgé « TAG Heuer ». Le moteur TAG Heuer signe sa première victoire avec le Néerlandais Max Verstappen au Grand Prix d'Espagne. L'Australien Daniel Ricciardo remportera également le Grand Prix de Malaisie. L'équipe Red Bull-TAG Heuer termine deuxième du championnat du monde des constructeurs, derrière Mercedes Grand Prix.
Roissy comptait 164 logements HLM soit 18,6 % du parc en 1999 (23,4 % dans la région), valeur qui avait plus que doublé depuis le recensement de 1990. En outre le nombre de logements vacants était plus faible en 1999 que dans la région avec 7,5 % du parc contre 8,1 % en Île-de-France.
En 2002, le Micrograph F1, descendant du Mikrograph de 1916, remporte le prix de la Montre design au Grand Prix d’Horlogerie de Genève. Le Micrograph F1 est le premier chronographe poignet, automatique mécanique qui mesure les temps au 1/100e de seconde. Cette même année, la société sponsorise l’équipe Oracle BMW, avec Chris Dickson et Peter Holmberg, pour la Coupe de l'America. Pour commémorer ce partenariat, TAG Heuer offre aux fervents de courses nautiques une édition limitée du chronographe Link Searacer Oracle porté par les membres de l’équipe.
En 2007, le projet de construction d'un vaste centre commercial, au sud de la plate-forme aéroportuaire sur la zone de fret, divise et provoque la polémique parmi les habitants et les élus locaux. Baptisé « Aéroville », ce centre commercial géant de près de cinq hectares de surface (49 986 m2) dessiné par l'architecte Christian de Portzamparc, doit sortir de terre en 2008 pour une ouverture en 2013. D'un coût estimé à 270 millions d'euros, il devrait accueillir une grande surface Auchan « nouveau concept », des boutiques haut de gamme, mais également des services non marchands comme une antenne postale, une garderie ou une salle de sport, ainsi qu'un parking de 4 700 places. L'ensemble sera dissimulé par une toiture « ondulante comme un manteau » selon l'architecte et encadré d'un jardin paysager et d'une coulée verte. D'après son concepteur, Unibail, il est conçu pour attirer les touristes dans des boutiques de luxe et les employés de la plate-forme, qui souffrent d'un déficit commercial et de services. Cependant, vu la saturation actuelle des voies d'accès routières à l'aéroport, le risque d'accroissement exponentiel des problèmes de circulation est dénoncé. De plus les petits commerçants estiment que le projet « transformera les centres-villes des environs en ghettos », le commerce local ne pouvant survivre à cette nouvelle offre. En effet, celle-ci s'additionne à une sur-représentation dans le secteur des grandes surfaces, en particulier au nord de la Seine-Saint-Denis (Parinor, Paris-Nord II au sud, centre commercial de Claye-Souilly à l'est),.
L’EuroVelo 4 (EV 4), également dénommée « la route de l'Europe centrale », est une véloroute EuroVelo faisant partie d’un programme d’aménagement de voie cyclable à l’échelle européenne. Longue de 4 000 km elle relie Roscoff en France à Kiev en Ukraine, l’itinéraire traverse ainsi l'Europe en passant par successivement sept pays, la France, la Belgique, les Pays-Bas, l'Allemagne, la République tchèque, la Pologne et l'Ukraine.
Aux quatre clubs qualifiés à la suite du quatrième tour se joignent les clubs professionnels éliminés en quarts de finale de la Coupe de France : Lens, Nice, le Red Star et Rouen.
Pendant la Seconde Guerre mondiale, Joan Aiken travaille successivement à la BBC et à la bibliothèque du centre d'information des Nations unies.
Mais loin de calmer les esprits, la contestation grandit et devint nationale, les médias se répartissant entre « pro » et « anti », souvent selon leur appartenance politique. Le plus grand reproche fait à l'État était le manque de transparence et l'absence d'information. Ainsi au début des années 1970, l'administration imposait des contraintes architecturales strictes au nom de la préservation du site et laissait se vendre des terrains à bâtir, pour refuser ensuite les permis de construire, alors que la construction de l'aéroport était déjà prévue depuis une dizaine d'années.
L'entartage d'Hélène Rollès en février 1995 ne sera pas réalisé par Noël Godin mais par des complices féminines. Lors d'un concert, deux entarteuses réussissent à se cacher sous la scène. Au moment où Hélène commence sa première chanson, une entarteuse se glisse vers elle et lui envoie sa tarte à la figure en s'écriant : « Entartons, entartons Hélène et les Garçons ! ». Les entarteuses affirmeront avoir ensuite été battues par l'équipe technique.
Michel Debré s'est attaché à moderniser l'État et les institutions lorsque le besoin s'en faisait sentir. Mécontent du système de recrutement de la haute fonction publique, où chaque ministère organisait son propre concours, il élabore ainsi en 1945 le projet d'École nationale d'administration, qu'il crée et dont il contribue à recruter la première promotion. Il réforme également la Justice en 1958.
(ru) Cet article est partiellement ou en totalité issu de l’article de Wikipédia en russe intitulé « Шорский национальный парк » (voir la liste des auteurs).
En 1836, une nouvelle mairie fut édifiée, comprenant les écoles et les logements des instituteurs. En 1852, les enfants du village furent inscrits pour recevoir l'éducation primaire gratuite : 81 garçons et 12 filles en bénéficient. La même année, l'ancien cimetière paroissial entourant l'église fut désaffecté et remplacé par l'actuel cimetière.
En 1989, TAG Heuer devient le chronométreur officiel de la coupe du monde de ski alpin aux États-Unis et au Canada. Dans les années 1990, le chiffre d'affaires est multiplié par cinq en quelque temps.
Cependant, le plan masse et le profil de l'édifice est fortement remanié afin que ce dernier soit plus monumental. Il double sa hauteur, devenant par conséquent un immeuble de grande hauteur et accroit de 50 % la population attendue. Les autres tours sont supprimées. Il constitue le « signal urbain » du Nord-Loire, répondant à la Cité Radieuse édifiée par Le Corbusier sur la commune de Rezé sur l'autre rive du fleuve.
Le Sillon de Bretagne est un immeuble de grande hauteur situé à Saint-Herblain, commune limitrophe de Nantes, en France. Cet immeuble est la plus grande HLM de l'ouest de la France, constituant un quartier à lui seul. Construit de 1970 à 1974 à la suite d'une initiative d'associations et ceci malgré l'avis défavorable du maire Michel Chauty (maire de Saint-Herblain de 1959 à 1977), il a fait l'objet d'importants travaux de réhabilitation qui ont pris fin en 2014.
Cette popularité se voit par les délocalisations à l'étranger : en 2011, pour un quart de finale de H-Cup opposant l'USAP au RC Toulon, le match fut joué à Barcelone, au stade olympique de Montjuic. Ce fut une réussite populaire et sportive, le stade étant complet, les 55 000 spectateurs ayant pu voir l'Usap s'imposer 29-25 et se qualifier pour les demi-finales de l'épreuve.
Des raisons de santé, le contraignent à cesser son épiscopat et à se retirer en 1841 dans l'hôtel Lanjamet-Vaucouleurs à Dinan, avec ses sœurs Constance et Anne.
Environ 200 appartements ont été supprimés afin d'être : soit transformés sous formes de bureaux ou d'équipements publics, soit tout simplement détruits afin de permettre notamment la création entre l'avenue de l'Angevinière et le parc du Sillon, d'un passage bordé de deux bâtiments abritant un « pôle petite enfance » et une médiathèque.
Après le passage au parlant, il apparaît encore dans quelques films, dont Le Club des trois de Jack Conway (1930, avec Lon Chaney et Lila Lee) et Le Signe de la croix de Cecil B. DeMille (1932, avec Fredric March et Charles Laughton), son dernier tournage.
Il suit les cours de l'École de peinture ouverte à Dijon par le statuaire François Devosge. En 1778, il gagne le premier prix et est couronné par le prince de Condé. En 1779, n'ayant pu remporter le prix de Rome fondé par l'école, il va à Paris avec ses condisciples et amis Pierre-Paul Prud'hon et Claude Ramey avec une recommandation de M. de Joursauvault au graveur Jean-Georges Wille.
« Les Dix signes, qui précèdent l’arrivée du messie, se rattachent par leur genre littéraire au livre de Zorobabel, et sont également écrits dans le style apocalyptique. Ils reposent sur de très anciens récits de la nation juive, qui revivent périodiquement en temps de nécessité et de misère. Armitus est ici explicitement identifié à l’Antichrist, ce qui n’est pas encore le cas dans le Livre de Zorobabel ni dans le Midrash wa-Yosha. Notre recension est empruntée à l’ancienne collection d’opuscules Avkat Rôkhel, éd. Amsterdam, p. 2 ss. La collection de petites hagadot éditée d’après le Constantin. 1519 contient également un texte appelé Signes du messie (en note : Je n’ai cependant pas vu ce texte. – D’autre part dans le codex 17 de la Bibliothèque communale de Leipzig se trouve une recension plus courte des Signes du messie, avec le sous-titre : J’ai copié les Signes du messie depuis les midrash de Rav Hay Gaon. Cf. Kerem Chemed, VIII 101.) »
Les principaux partenaires officiels pour le Top 14 sont : Orange, Société générale, Canal+, PMU, GMF, Mercure, Les opticiens mutualistes, La Poste, L'Équipe et Midi olympique.
(en) Jeffrey S Dome, Vicki Huff, Wilms Tumor Overview In GeneTests: Medical Genetics Information Resource (database online). Copyright, University of Washington, Seattle. 1993-2006 [2]
Le tunnel de Meyssiez est un tunnel ferroviaire français de la LGV Rhône-Alpes, situé sur le territoire des communes de Meyssiez et de Cour-et-Buis dans le département de l'Isère.
Dès sa réalisation, le Sillon de Bretagne souffre de sa démesure. Les problèmes sociaux, les relations difficiles entre locataires et bailleur issues notamment des fortes charges d'entretien de l'immeuble engendrent dès 1983 l'intervention de l'État au titre de sa politique "Habitat et vie sociale". L'immeuble est alors dédensifié, en consacrant les étages 16 à 28 (inclus) à des bureaux. De même, l'immeuble est équipé de nouveaux ascenseurs extérieurs modifiant notablement le profil de l'immeuble afin d'assurer de meilleures circulations.
La commune est limitée par Habřina, Holohlavy et Černožice au nord, par Vlkov et Smržov à l'est, par Skalice et Lochenice au sud, et par Sendražice et Račice nad Trotinou à l'ouest.
La personnalité jouit d'une grande validité perçue (50 % des cadres en France ont subi un test de personnalité lors de leur dernier recrutement), mais la validité réelle de la personnalité comme prédicteur de la réussite est nulle ou faible.
En 1996, la société réintroduit la TAG Heuer Carrera, en 1998, la Monaco et, en 2001, la Monza. En 1999, elle présente sa série Link, une évolution du design S/el,. En 2003, ce sera le tour de l'Autavia – portée dans les années 1960 par le pilote suisse de Formule 1 Jo Siffert. Revues et modernisées par l’ajout de nouvelles fonctions, ces montres restent fidèles à l’esprit des pièces originales et à l’héritage de la marque.
(en) Cet article est partiellement ou en totalité issu de l’article de Wikipédia en anglais intitulé « NASA Astrobiology Institute » (voir la liste des auteurs).
Il découvrit ou codécouvrit quelques comètes, dont les comètes périodiques 23P/Brorsen-Metcalf et 97P/Metcalf-Brewington. Il découvrit également plusieurs astéroïdes.
2014 : La Parade du Président Salengro à Toulouse pour célébrer l'annexion de l'Occitanie à Groland, Carnets filmés de Gérard Courant - un participant de la parade.
En moyenne, il gèle sous abri 48 jours par an avec 6 jours sans dégel. Le nombre moyen de jours où la température dépasse 25 °C est de 40, dont 8 au-delà de 30 °C. Le brouillard, c'est-à-dire une visibilité inférieure à 1 kilomètre, est constaté en moyenne 41,3 fois par an depuis 1974. Enfin, la vitesse maximale du vent s'établit à 148 km/h, relevée le 3 février 1990 à Roissy-en-France, mois qui fut par ailleurs le plus venteux,. Les vents dominants sont de secteurs ouest à 60 % et est à 40 %. À noter que cette donnée est particulièrement importante pour le fonctionnement de l'aéroport et pour la propagation des nuisances aériennes subies par les riverains, notamment car elle détermine le sens de décollage et d'atterrissage des avions, toujours effectués face au vent dominant pour assurer un maximum de portance.
La scène fut filmée et diffusée, notamment par Coluche et Pierre Desproges, qui fit un commentaire acerbe de la réaction de BHL, déclarant qu'il y illustrait « la vraie nature des cuistres ».
Musée d'art contemporain de Ashdod (2016), Musée d'art de Tel Aviv (2013-2014), Musée d'art contemporain de Marseille et le Festival des arts éphémères, Marseille Capitale culturelle européenne (MP13), 2013, École des Beaux Arts de Marseille, 2012, Galerie d'Architecture ZeZeZe a Tel Aviv (2008), École supérieure des Beaux Arts de Montpellier (2007), Maison des Artistes à Tel Aviv (2006), Musée d'Art Contemporain d'Herzliya (2005), CRAC (Centre Régional d'Art Contemporain) de Montbéliard (2003), Centre Culturel Juif-Arabe Beit HaGefen à Haïfa (2000), École Nationale des Beaux Arts de Lyon (2000), Cittadellarte (en)/Fondation Pistoletto à Biella (1999, 1998), MAC Marseille (2013, 1998-1999).
Plus tard, la comédie italienne reprit à la France, en le perfectionnant, ce que celle-ci lui avait emprunté, et les pièces de Molière passèrent pour la plupart, réduites à leur canevas, dans le répertoire mobile de la commedia dell’arte.
En 2015, la commune comptait 2 877 habitants, en augmentation de 4,62 % par rapport à 2010 (Val-d'Oise : +3,14 %, France hors Mayotte : +2,44 %).
En mai 1993, le journaliste du journal de 20 heures de TF1 Alain Bévérini est entarté pendant l'interview de l'actrice américaine Holly Hunter. Noël Godin est arrêté mais relâché quelques heures plus tard, bien que Bévérini ait porté plainte pour voie de fait. En avril 2004, l'événement fut nommé par TF1 numéro 2 des « 100 plus grands scandales de la TV »,.
Le village est également évoqué dans l'œuvre de Jean Roba, dans le 19e album de la bande dessinée Boule et Bill intitulée « Globe-trotters », où certains personnages citent Roissy-en-France dans les dernières pages, évoquant sous ce seul nom l'aéroport international.
Les coûts étant de plus en plus élevés pour les états, les vigiles privés sont déployés, les entreprises de communications (fournisseurs d'accès internet ...) sont invitées à effectuer le prélèvement, et le stockage de l'information.
Entre 1919 et 1930, après un séjour de quelques mois à Beyrouth, elle s’installe à Paris, pour elle « patrie des lettres et des arts »[réf. nécessaire], afin que son fils y poursuive des études modernes. La famille ne revient au Liban, pendant ces onze années, que pour passer quelques étés entre Aley et Souk el-Gharb.
La formation de son nom provient d'une particularité au bord de la mer, ce sont des sources d'eau douce. Les Phéniciens, les Carthaginois et les Romains se sont installés à côté de ces sources d'eau douce. Ils ont pratiqué la pêche et le commerce du poisson dans toute la côte de l'Algarve.
Les Goncourt dans leur siècle : un siècle de « Goncourt », Villeneuve d'Ascq, Presses du septentrion, 2005 (codir. avec Jean-Louis Cabanès, Pierre-Jean Dufief et Robert Kopp)
Dans ce contexte de guerre ethnique et précisément au moment où l'agitation en faveur de Louis Riel s'amplifie, ces nominations ne sont pas très heureuses. Quand Mgr Taché obtient un sursis d'un mois pour permettre aux avocats de Louis Riel de porter sa cause en appel au Conseil privé, des émeutes contre la vaccination et la quarantaine éclatent. Les 28 et 29 septembre, la foule assiège le Bureau de santé du faubourg de l'Est et y met le feu. La foule va chahuter le Montreal Herald. On y brise les vitres et on va menacer les maisons des médecins vaccinateurs dont celle de l'ex-maire Hingston. Le chef de police est blessé; c'est le propriétaire du journal The Gazette, Richard White, qui demande l'intervention des troupes. Le maire Honoré Beaugrand, alité, souffrant d'asthme, court à son bureau et consigne 600 militaires. Dans une déclaration, il invite les citoyens à ne pas sortir le soir et à ne pas gêner l'action de la police.
La création de l'aéroport a profondément modifié la démographie et la sociologie de la commune : d'un village agricole, Roissy s'est transformé en commune de résidence d'employés aéroportuaires, ce qui explique cet important rajeunissement en parallèle à la mutation sociologique connue depuis les années 1970,.
Il joue pour les Reds de Cincinnati de 2001 à 2004. Par la suite, il s'aligne pour les Twins du Minnesota (2005), les Red Sox de Boston (2006), les Braves d'Atlanta (2007 et 2008) et les White Sox de Chicago (2009). Le 29 juin 2009, les White Sox l'échangent à Cincinnati en retour de Norris Hopper, un voltigeur. Miller conclut la saison avec son ancienne équipe, les Reds, et termine l'année avec 15 points produits, ce qui égale son plus haut total en une seule saison, établi en 2002. Aligné dans 32 matchs des Reds en 2010, il frappe pour ,243 avec 2 circuits.
Suivent notamment plusieurs réalisations de Cecil B. DeMille, dont L'Admirable Crichton (1919, avec Thomas Meighan et Gloria Swanson), Les Dix Commandements (1923, avec Theodore Roberts et Charles de Rochefort) et Le Roi des rois (1927, avec H. B. Warner et Dorothy Cumming).
Le saison 5 marque le changement le nom mais aussi de formule, fini les longues files d'attentes,le jury a au préalable choisit 10 candidats sur qui avait proposé leurs candidature sur internet. Cette saison 5 marque aussi la fin des directs, à la fin de chaque prime c'est le juges invités (cf. plus bas) qui doit sauver un candidat parmi les deux candidats ayant les plus mauvaises notes. L'after mis en place dans la saison 4 reste toujours en direct. Pour la finale, l'avis du jury est suggestif et ne compte pas ce sont les télespectateurs via SMS qui sont amenés à voté pour le gagnant qui sera révélé dans la dernière partie de l'émission qui sera en direct.
Corky Miller signe comme agent libre avec les Reds de Cincinnati en 1998. Il joue son tout premier match dans les majeures avec eux le 4 septembre 2001. Il réussit son premier coup sûr en carrière à Pittsburgh le 7 septembre face au lanceur des Pirates, Tony McKnight. Le 28 septembre, il frappe son premier circuit dans les majeures, aux dépens de Mike Thurman des Expos de Montréal. Le 3 octobre au Wrigley Field de Chicago, il connaît un match de deux coups de circuit contre les Cubs.
Par arrêté du 13 janvier 1964, le gouvernement décida la construction d'un nouvel aéroport. Celui-ci serait aménagé sur les terres agricoles du Pays de France, à 25 kilomètres au nord-est de la capitale. Du 10 juillet au 10 août de la même année eu lieu l'enquête d'utilité publique. La commission d'enquête émit un avis favorable le 30 octobre. L'aéroport occuperait une surface de 2 915 hectares pris sur le territoire de sept communes.
Une vanne peut être automatisée, par le biais d'un servomoteur (un élément assurant la conversion d'un signal de commande en mouvement de la vanne).
Noël Godin affirme ne pas vouloir entarter les leaders de l'extrême droite comme Jörg Haider ou Jean-Marie Le Pen car il croit que cela pourrait rendre ces derniers plus sympathiques aux yeux de la population. Cependant, en avril 2002, Godin reçoit un coup de téléphone d'un de ses amis qui se trouve au Parlement européen de Bruxelles, et qui lui affirme que Jean-Marie Le Pen y sera à 17 heures ce jour-là pour y présenter les grands axes de son programme ; il affirme aussi qu'il peut faire entrer six entarteurs dans le bâtiment. Noël accepte l'idée d'entarter Le Pen mais refuse de le faire lui-même car il croit qu'il est trop connu et serait probablement démasqué. Finalement, six complices de Godin tentent d'entrer dans l'immeuble ; seulement deux réussissent, les autres étant arrêtés par les policiers. Peu avant le discours de Le Pen, une des entarteuses entrées téléphone à Godin et lui demande d'envoyer du renfort. Godin réussit à rassembler un groupe d'environ mille personnes ; un complice distribue aux cent premiers des bombes chantilly et des fonds de tartes (qui devaient servir à un précédent entartage). Le groupe, Noël Godin en tête, commence à marcher vers le Parlement européen. À un moment donné, Godin, qui ne se souvient plus de la route à prendre pour se rendre au Parlement, se perd. Personne dans le groupe ne connaissant le chemin, ils n'arriveront pas à temps au Parlement pour le discours de Le Pen. Godin et son groupe n'auront finalement rien manqué puisque Jean-Marie Le Pen, ayant appris que des entarteurs se trouvaient dans l'édifice, a annulé son discours. Les deux entarteurs déjà présents dans l'édifice réussiront quand même à entarter Jean-Claude Martinez, le porte-parole du Front National, en s'exclamant : « Entartons, entartons les xénophobes cochons ! ». Ils entartent aussi Karel Dillen, fondateur du Vlaams Blok belge.
La finale du championnat 1948-1949 présente la particularité d'avoir été disputée deux fois, le premier match s'étant terminé sur une égalité 3 partout , finalement c'est le Castres olympique qui remporte le titre aux dépens du Stade montois.
Depuis l'avènement du rugby professionnel et la création de la Ligue Nationale de Rugby en 1998, seuls trois clubs ont réussi à conserver leur titre : le Stade français en 2003-2004, le Biarritz olympique en 2005-2006 et le Stade toulousain en 2011-2012.
En 2009, Roissy possède deux écoles : l'école maternelle Saint-Exupéry - cinq classes (11, rue Dorval) et l'école primaire Jean-Mermoz - neuf classes (42, rue Houdart).
Le rugby se développe particulièrement en Aquitaine sous l'influence des échanges commerciaux avec l'Angleterre friande des vins de Bordeaux, les négociants en vin britanniques formant dans cette région une colonie vinicole et rugbystique. Le rugby s'y diffuse par la suite par l'arrivée d'étudiants et de fonctionnaires de la région parisienne, par l'influence de Philippe Tissié (1852-1935), promoteur du rugby dans l'éducation scolaire de la Ligue girondine d'éducation physique. Son enracinement dans le Sud-Ouest s'explique aussi grâce aux stations climatiques et sportives (Pau, Biarritz) où les aristocrates anglais font des cures hivernales. Les clubs de province sont autorisés à disputer le titre en 1899. Le championnat se joue alors entre le champion de Paris et celui des départements. Le Stade bordelais (SBUC) en profite aussitôt pour remporter son premier titre. En 1901, le SBUC gagne la finale à la régulière sur le score de 3 à 0. Mais l'USFSA annule le résultat et décide que la finale doit être rejouée à Paris, le Stade bordelais ayant en effet fait jouer trois joueurs irrégulièrement. Le SBUC refusant cette décision, le Stade français est déclaré vainqueur.
Joan Aiken, née le 4 septembre 1924 à Rye dans le comté du Sussex de l'Est en Angleterre et morte le 4 janvier 2004 à Petworth dans le comté du Sussex de l'Ouest, est une écrivaine anglaise célèbre pour ses nombreux écrits pour l'enfance et la jeunesse. Elle est la fille du poète américain Conrad Aiken et a comme sœur la romancière Jane Aiken Hodge (en).
En mai 1995, Noël Godin et son ami le cinéaste Jan Bucquoy se trouvent au festival de Cannes, et décident d'entarter le nouveau ministre de la Culture de France, Philippe Douste-Blazy. Godin et vingt complices décident de s'introduire dans l'Hôtel Carlton Cannes où Douste-Blazy doit conduire un bal. Mais, Douste-Blazy sort de l'hôtel. Godin et ses complices courent en direction du ministre, qui se trouve maintenant dans sa voiture. Deux complices (dont Jan Bucquoy) réussissent à entarter le ministre, en s'exclamant : « Entartons, entartons les ministres bouffons ! ». La voiture part ensuite en trombe toutes sirènes hurlantes oubliant la femme du ministre sur le trottoir. Jan Bucquoy sera arrêté et poursuivi pour l'entartage du ministre mais ultimement acquitté. Puisque aucune vidéo n'existe de cet entartage, certains médias français mettront plus tard en doute le fait même qu'il soit arrivé.
Après avoir échoué par trois fois en finale, le Stade montois remporte le titre pour la première (et seule) fois de son histoire en 1963. Cette victoire est acquise aux dépens de l'US Dax. C’est la première fois depuis 1934 qu’une finale oppose deux équipes du même département (les Landes). C’est aussi la troisième des cinq finales perdues de Dax.
Le kumite individuel féminin moins de 55 kg est une épreuve sportive individuelle opposant dans un combat des karatékas féminines seniors pesant moins de 55 kg. Cette épreuve proposée en compétition officielle à compter de 2009 est inscrite au programme des championnats du monde de karaté depuis la vingtième édition disputée en 2010 à Belgrade.
Ce village, dont il ne reste que la ferme de Saint-André, à un kilomètre de Faverois, ne doit pas être confondu avec la ville d'Essert, près de Belfort, bien que l'origine du nom soit sans doute la même : une terre cultivable conquise sur la forêt. Au XVIIe siècle Saint-André possédait une église qui aurait existé déjà en 1274 et au minimum en 1466, date à laquelle y officiait un curé. Elle fut restaurée en 1606 mais menaçait ruine en 1749. À la fin du XVIIIe siècle il restait quatre familles d'anabaptistes et l'église avait disparu. Le hameau fait partie de la paroisse de Faverois. Dans les textes rédigés en allemand, Essert est germanisé en Schert
De retour en Amérique en décembre 1867, il choisit de s'établir aux États-Unis plutôt qu'au Québec. Il aurait habité très peu de temps New York, où il aurait été employé comme commis. Ensuite, en 1868 et 1869, il séjourne quelques mois à La Nouvelle-Orléans. Il affirme y avoir exercé le métier de pelleteur de charbon, « mais un grand nombre de sources soutiennent qu’il tâte aussi en ces années du journalisme et que c’est dans cette ville qu’il apprend les rudiments du métier ». Il aurait, selon les sources, été employé à La Renaissance louisianaise ou à L’Abeille, deux publications francophones de la Nouvelle-Orléans.
Anderson est un cratère d'impact sur la face cachée de la Lune. Le nom fut officiellement adopté par l'Union astronomique internationale (UAI) en 1970,,, en référence à John August Anderson (1876 - 1959),,. Il ne doit pas être confondu avec le cratère Andersson.
Le lundi 11 décembre 1969, Noël Godin et trois complices réussissent leur premier entartage. Godin, muni d'une fausse barbe et de lunettes (le nœud papillon et le smoking viendront plus tard), fait les cent pas dans la salle d'attente de l'université de Louvain où l'on va projeter le film de Marguerite Duras : Détruire, dit-elle. Cette dernière est entourée des organisateurs de l'événement et de quelques admirateurs. Au signal de son caméraman, Noël Godin déballe sa tarte à la crème et l'écrase sur le visage de Marguerite Duras. Cette dernière et les nombreux spectateurs de la scène restent stupéfaits ; cela permettra aux entarteurs de s'enfuir sans être rattrapés. Dans la tarte se trouvait un carton avec l'inscription : « Avec les compliments de Georges Le Gloupier. » Ne retrouvant pas ses esprits, l'écrivaine-cinéaste annulera la conférence-débat prévue à l'issue du film. Le lendemain, plusieurs médias rapporteront l'événement en première page, à la surprise de Noël Godin et sa bande. Aucune vidéo n'existe de cet entartage puisque le caméraman du groupe a raté les prises de vue.
Politica, Naçao et Ediçao. O lugar dos impressos na construçao da vida politica. Brasil, Europa e Americas nos seculos XVIII-XX, Sao Paulo, Annablume Editora, 2006 (codir. avec Eliana de Freitas Dutra)
Passeurs culturels dans le monde des médias et de l'édition en Europe (XIXe et XXe siècles), Villeurbanne, Presses de l'ENSSIB, 2005 (codirection avec Diana Cooper-Richet et Ahmed Silem)
Le groupe Diff+(S1) des difféomorphismes orientés du cercle (i.e. les f qui préservent l'orientation) est connexe par arcs, puisqu'ils se relèvent en les difféomorphismes orientés g de ℝ tels que g(x + 1) = g(x) + 1 et que ces derniers forment un ensemble convexe. Un chemin lisse de f à l'identité, constant au voisinage de 1, donne un autre moyen de prolonger f en un difféomorphisme du disque unité ouvert (c'est un cas particulier de l'astuce d'Alexander (en)). De plus, le groupe des difféomorphismes du cercle a le type d'homotopie du groupe orthogonal O2.
Avant son décès, dans une ultime réunion chez elle, la Médaille d’Or du mérite libanais lui est remise en 1971, et le Président du Conseil municipal de la ville de Beyrouth, Amine Beyhum, lui communique la proposition de la municipalité de donner son nom au jardin public qui venait d’être créé à Ramlet al-Baida (en). C’est son vieil ami Takieddine el Solh, alors Président du Conseil, qui devait, en 1973, consacrer le jardin et entériner la décision.
En parallèle, dès 1953, elle compose des livres pour enfants ainsi que des romans policiers pour adultes. Elle devient ensuite écrivain à plein temps. Plusieurs de ses œuvres sont adaptés à la télévision, la rendant populaire comme auteur d'ouvrages à destination de la jeunesse. En 1972, la parution de Mort un dimanche de pluie la consacre comme une de ces reines du suspense anglaises qui savent distiller l'angoisse avec délectation.
Clarence (Forrest) Burton, né le 10 mai 1882 à Fort Lyons (Missouri) et mort le 2 décembre 1933 à Los Angeles (quartier d'Hollywood, Californie), est un acteur américain.
Les années 1960 seront vécues par les Roisséens comme un véritable cauchemar. Le village se dépeuplait. Son agriculture assumait mal sa reconversion. Pendant plusieurs années les habitants vont vivre dans l'incertitude la plus totale. Très peu de personnes imaginaient que la future construction de l'aéroport allait-être une formidable révolution économique locale et régionale.
Afin de compenser la démolition ou la réhabilitation des appartements de l'immeuble (livraison entre 2014 et 2020), le reste du projet prévoit également la construction d'un millier de logements, ainsi qui d'un parking aérien le long des parcs du Sillon et de Bagatelle.
Avec l’attrait du genre, la réputation de quelques troupes passa les monts. Henri III fit venir en France, en 1576, pour se rendre favorables les États de Blois, celle des Gelosi (jaloux de plaire), dirigée par Flaminio Scala dit Flavio, auteur de nombreux scénarios, troupe qui comptait dans ses sociétaires Francesco Andreini et sa femme, la célèbre Isabelle, elle-même auteur. Elle créa la situation de "dépit amoureux"* (publiée dans la revue "Bouffonneries"). Cette situation fut reprise plus tard par Molière dans "Le dépit amoureux" et dans "Tartuffe".
Les mura di Reggio Emilia sont les fortifications militaires de forme hexagonale qui protégeaient la ville de Reggio d'Émilie, détruites à la fin du XIXe siècle pour l'aménagement urbanistique des viali di circonvallazione (boulevards périphériques).
En 1997, Noël Godin est très connu en Belgique. Ayant peur d'être reconnu, il ne participera pas à l'entartage de Nicolas Sarkozy, qui sera commis par des complices. Un jour de février 1997, Sarkozy arrive au palais des congrès de Bruxelles pour y faire un exposé aux "Grandes conférences catholiques". Après qu'il est entré dans le hall d'accueil, une complice de Godin lui demande un autographe ; au moment où Sarkozy le signe, elle lui envoie une tarte à la figure. Sarkozy a alors le réflexe de se réfugier dans un ascenseur. Il se rend au deuxième étage et lorsque la porte s'ouvre, il voit une autre complice de Godin avec une tarte ; il referme la porte et se rend au rez-de-chaussée où l'attend une autre entarteuse qui ne réussit pas non plus à l'entarter. Après plusieurs voyages, Sarkozy s'arrête de nouveau au rez-de-chaussée où il est accueilli par ses agents accompagnateurs ; ils l'accompagnent aux toilettes pour qu'il puisse se nettoyer. Au moment où il en sort tout propre, une vingtaine d'entarteurs situés plus haut le bombardent de crème chantilly puis s'enfuient, poursuivis par tous les agents de sécurité du centre. Sarkozy retourne dans les toilettes pour se nettoyer de nouveau. Il est en train de retraverser le hall d'accueil quand un complice de Godin supposé filmer les entartages le voit arriver. Il met sa caméra en bandoulière, sort une tarte et l'envoie à la figure de Sarkozy en s'exclamant : « Entartons, entartons les arrogants étrons ! ». En s'enfuyant après son coup, le caméraman donne sa dernière tarte à une religieuse qu'il croise dans le hall d'accueil, les gardes de sécurité croiront qu'elle était complice.
Kasimir Malevitch expose pour la première fois trente-neuf œuvres suprématistes, dont le Quadrangle, en 1915, à la galerie Dobychina, lors de la « Dernière exposition futuriste de tableaux 0.10 (zéro - dix) ».
Fin 2010, un billet de Ted Dziuba a introduit le concept de (en) Taco Bell Programming, sur la base du raisonnement suivant : Chaque recette dans le menu à Taco Bell n'est en réalité qu'une configuration différente de huit ingrédients de base. Le propos de Ted Dziuba est d'appliquer le même raisonnement à la programmation informatique.
Le décret royal du 8 mai 1825 lui confie la succession de Monseigneur Charles Mannay à Rennes. « Extrêmement humble, il ne voulut point faire d'entrée solennelle dans la ville »
Si f : M → N est un difféomorphisme local alors, pour tout point m de M, l'application linéaire Tmf : TmM → Tf(m)N (différentielle de f au point m) est un isomorphisme (ceci implique que M et N ont même dimension, et revient alors, en coordonnées locales, à dire que le jacobien de f en m est non nul, ou encore, que les parties linéaires des approximations affines des différentes composantes de f sont linéairement indépendantes). D'après le théorème d'inversion locale, la réciproque est vraie dès que f est de classe C1.
La Révolution le contraint à émigrer. Le 15 janvier 1792, il rejoint l'armée des Princes à Worms où se trouve son frère Victor-Claude. Après la bataille de Valmy, il passe dans la 10e compagnie de l'armée du Prince de Condé. Le 13 août 1796, il est blessé au combat d'Oberkammlach. Il est fait lieutenant le 15 janvier 1797 et reçoit la Croix de l'ordre de Saint-Louis le 15 septembre 1800.
une phase de qualification, regroupant les clubs en poules, en général géographiques ; il y eut certaines années une deuxième phase de poules intégrant les meilleurs de la première phase
La phénazone, ou antipyrine, fut créée en 1883 par Ludwig Knorr comme substitut de la quinine (d'ailleurs Knorr rattacha de manière erronée l'antipyrine à la famille chimique de la quinine). Knorr soumit sa découverte au Pr Wilhelm Filehne de l'Université d'Erlangen, qui confirma ses propriétés antipyrétiques ; l'Antipyrine fut utilisée en thérapeutique dès 1884. Dès 1885, on remarqua son action antalgique dans les cas de rhumatisme articulaire aigu ; en 1887, le British Medical Journal rapportait son action apaisante sur les maux de tête. Sa renommée fut établie à la suite de son large usage lors de l'épidémie de grippe qui affecta l'Europe en 1889. Ce fut le premier médicament de synthèse (si l'on excepte le Kairin, dont elle découle, qui ne fut guère utilisé à cause de sa toxicité). L'Antipyrine connut un succès immédiat, notamment aux États-Unis. L’Antipyrine demeura le médicament le plus utilisé au monde jusqu'à ce que l'aspirine la détrône dans les premières années du vingtième siècle. Knorr avait déposé un brevet sur l'Antipyrine - ce qui dérogeait aux usages de l'époque - et il avait négocié une licence à un modeste producteur de colorant, Farbwerke Meister,Lucius und Brüning qui deviendra la firme Hoechst...
En 2015, la commune comptait 457 habitants, en augmentation de 6,28 % par rapport à 2010 (Territoire de Belfort : +1,31 %, France hors Mayotte : +2,44 %).
Il a consacré sa thèse de doctorat de littérature française à Noël Parfait (1978) et sa thèse de doctorat d'État en histoire (doctorat ès lettres et sciences humaines) à l'« Histoire politique et histoire culturelle au cœur du XIXe siècle français » (1986).
La Production de l'immatériel : théories, représentations et pratiques de la culture au XIXe siècle, Saint-Étienne, Presses de l'université de Saint-Étienne, 2008 (codir. avec Philippe Régnier et Alain Vaillant)
Laurent Robert commence sa carrière au club de l'US Bénédictine dans sa ville natale de Saint-Benoît (île de La Réunion). Faisant partie de la sélection des jeunes cadets de l'ile de la Réunion, il se fait repérer par le club de Brest Armorique FC lors du championnat de France cadets. Il quitte donc son île natale pour intégrer le centre de formation brestois puis rejoint le Montpellier HSC lors de la faillite du club breton. Évoluant au poste d'attaquant ou de milieu offensif, il se met régulièrement en évidence par sa redoutable frappe du pied gauche.
Elle est la fille de Gérios Tuéni et Katbé Sursock, et fait ses études en pensionnaire chez les Dames de Nazareth. Puis, en 1899, elle séjourne en France chez son frère Jean, diplomate de la Sublime Porte. En 1900, elle suit des cours de peinture à Paris et visite l’Exposition universelle qui s’y tient.
Le pays de France a connu une occupation humaine dès le paléolithique inférieur, les chasseurs-cueilleurs ont laissé quelques traces, essentiellement des bifaces et racloirs, retrouvés dans les communes voisines de Gonesse ou Louvres. Les cultures néolithiques ont occupé le site comme l'attestent deux haches polies, une hache taillée ainsi que quelques perçoirs ou grattoirs retrouvés sur le territoire de la commune dans les années 1950. Des fragments de céramique gauloise datés du Ier siècle av. J.-C. au début du Ve siècle ont également été trouvés attestant d'une occupation du lieu durant l'Antiquité et la probable présence d'au moins un établissement antique. Plus de vingt exploitations agricoles et trois petites agglomérations ainsi que trois places fortifiées et un cimetière antique ont été mis au jour dans le pays de France dans son ensemble.
Résistant et gaulliste, il est garde des Sceaux dans le gouvernement de Gaulle III, à partir de 1958 ; il dirige le groupe de travail chargé de la rédaction de la Constitution de la Ve République. Premier ministre de la République française à partir de janvier 1959, il démissionne en avril 1962, à la suite d'un désaccord avec le président Charles de Gaulle concernant une révision constitutionnelle : celle de l'élection du président de la République au suffrage universel direct. De Gaulle voulait faire passer cette révision constitutionnelle par voie référendaire, ainsi réviser la constitution avec l'article 11 de la constitution alors que l'article prévu à cet effet est l'article 89 (Titre XVI de la Constitution : De la Révision).
Notices dans des bases relatives au sport : Association internationale des fédérations d'athlétisme • Comité international olympique • Sports Reference • Track and Field Statistics
Le village est une station familiale de sports d'hiver, reliée avec Torgon en Suisse : ski alpin (50 km), ski nordique (35 km - Domaine nordique de la vallée d'Abondance), raquettes, surf et télémark, et aussi une station de sports et de loisirs d'été : randonnées entre la Suisse et la France, VTT (175 km), rafting.
Hors du terrain, les années 1920 et 30 sont des années de crise pour le championnat. Le titre de champion de France attise les convoitises et entraîne des dérives : violence sur les terrains et accusations d’amateurisme marron rythment de plus en plus souvent les saisons. En décembre 1930, quelques clubs dénoncent le professionnalisme déguisé pratiqué par certaines équipes (un patron peut salarier ses joueurs dans son entreprise comme celui de l’US Quillan, trois fois finaliste entre 1928 et 1930, et champion en 1929, dans une ville de trois mille habitants) et font sécession. Dix clubs fondent l’UFRA (Union française de rugby amateur), qui se targue de rester fidèle aux idéaux de fair play et d’amateurisme du rugby, et demande à la Fédération française de remettre de l’ordre dans la maison. Sept d’entre eux sont d’anciens champions de France, mais ils sont exclus du championnat. Au total, quatorze clubs font sécession dont sept anciens champions de France : le FC Grenoble, l'USA Perpignan, le Stade toulousain, le Stade français, la Section paloise, le Stade nantais, le Biarritz olympique, le SC Lyon, l'AS Carcassonne, le SAU Limoges, l'Aviron bayonnais le 2 novembre 1930 suivis du RC Narbonne et du Stadoceste tarbais le 24 janvier 1931.
Podujal sa preto rozlúštiť tento paradox. Systematicky kládol otázky politikom, básnikom a remeselníkom. Zistil, že politici nie sú – ako si to o sebe myslia a ako si to o nich myslia ľudia – múdri a básnici nerozumejú tomu, čo napísali presne tak ako proroci a jasnovidci nerozumejú tomu, čo hovoria. Remeselníci sa taktiež ukázali byť domýšľavými. Sokrates sa teda pýta: „Bol by som radšej podvodníkom ako ľudia, s ktorými som hovoril alebo budem radšej sám sebou?“ Sokrates porote odpovedá, že radšej by bol sám sebou ako kýmkoľvek iným.
V roku 2002 ho prezident George W. Bush vymenoval do Prezidentskej komisie pre budúcnosť letecko-kozmického priemyslu Spojených štátov (Presidential Commission on the Future of the United States Aerospace Industry).
V hudbe sa za Underground označuje smer, ktorý vznikol v 60. rokoch 20. storočia v oblasti západného pobrežia USA a vzápätí sa rozšíril do Európy – Spojeného kráľovstva, Nemecka aj do vtedajšej ČSSR. Undergroundová hudba vychádza z psychedelickej hudby a avantgardnej vážnej hudby.
Do roku 1919 mladé talenty zo Slovenska navštevovali hudobné učilištia v okolitých mestách Európy, ako Viedeň či Budapešť. Až následné úsilie osobností vtedajšej hudby, ako Mikuláš Schneider-Trnavský, Miloš Ruppeldt, Alois Kolísek a iných, sa postaralo o zmenu. Na prvom zasadnutí jednoty Hudobných stavov na Slovensku v roku 1919 v Žiline sa venovali otázke vytvorenia inštitúcie na výchovu profesionálnych hudobníkov aj v Bratislave.
George Hammond nastúpil ako generál v prvom dieli seriálu, kde nahradil generála Westa, ktorý bol zodpovedný za program Hviezdnej brány v pôvodnom filme z roku 1994. George je známy svojou trpezlivosťou, hlavne voči výmyslom Jacka O'Neilla. Napriek tomu, že len málokedy opustil základňu, stal sa obeťou niektorých problémov, ktoré postihli tým SG-1. Na konci siedmej série postavu generála Hammonda vystriedala na jeho poste profesorka Elizabeth Weirová. Namiesto odchodu do dôchodku bol poverený velením obrany Zeme pri Anúbisovom útoku. Neskôr viedol prvú akciu na zistenie, čo sa stalo s tímom, ktorý sa vybral preskúmať Atlantídu v galaxii Pegasus, no kvôli incidentu na ceste sa vrátili späť na Zem. Po smrti herca, ktorý zomrel na infarkt, premenovali autori Hviezdnej brány novú vesmírnu loď triedy Daedalus „Phoenix“ na „generál Hammond“.
Podľa zakladacej listiny je dátum založenia spoločnosti 20. august 1998. Vlastníkom spoločnosti je cez Ministerstvo priemyslu a obchodu Česká republika. Predsedom predstavenstva je od 1. apríla 2016 Jan Kalina.
Osídľovanie vesmíru – ide o expanziu človeka do vesmíru. Táto by mala podľa Roberta Zubrina prebiehať na podobných princípoch ako osídľovanie Ameriky. Expanzii človeka do vesmíru sa venujú alebo venovali Gerard Kitchen O’Neill, Timothy Leary, Herman Kahn, Jerome C. Glenn alebo najnovšie Robert Zubrin.
Bol potomkom vplyvného šľachtického rodu Bentivoglio. Získal doktorát v kanonickom aj civilnom práve na univerzite vo Ferrare. Ako mladý odišiel do Ríma. Roku 1712 bol menovaný nunciom v Paríži. Kardinálom sa stal v roku 1719 (titulus San Girolamo degli Schaivoni), a španielskym ministerským zmocnencom v Ríme roku 1726. Je pochovaný v Santa Cecilia in Trastevere.
V tej dobe už americké letectvo zablokovalo všetky možné východy z Vnútorného mora a jediný voľný (Hójo) strážili ponorky. Ešte vo večerných hodinách 6. apríla zachytila zväz bojovej lode Jamato americká ponorka. Zväz nemal žiadnu leteckú podporu. Všetci dôstojníci a mužstvo predpokladali, že ide o poslednú plavbu Jamata. Preto posádka i dôstojníci v skorých ranných hodinách 7. apríla obradne vypili saké (podobný obrad pred letom absolvovali piloti Kamikadze).
Kalma mal k dispozícií auto Škoda Octavia a na ňom štátnu poznávaciu značku s písmenom F. Pre auta s týmto označením neplatí rýchlostný limit na rýchlostnej ceste ani na diaľnici. Počas cesty dňa 24. septembra 1996 o 20:10 mal blízko obce Horusice dopravnú nehodu, kde so svojím autom idúcim rýchlosťou cca 160 km/h narazil do kamiónu Scania prevážajúcim drevo, ktorému sa pokazili brzdy (pravdepodobne praskla hadica brzdového systému návesu). Do Kalmovovho auta potom ešte narazil automobil Peugeot 405. Sám Kalma bol na mieste mŕtvy. Podľa výsledkov pitvy nebol Kalma v čase nehody pod vplyvom alkoholu.
Z Publiliovho diela sa zachovala iba zbierka výrokov (Sententiae) v jambickom a trochejskom metre. Každé ponaučenie pozostáva z jedného verša, pričom jednotlivé verše sú usporiadané abecedne podľa počiatočného písmena výroku. Rozsiahle dielo nie je pravdepodobne celé autentické. Obsahuje výroky iných slávnych autorít, napríklad Senecu, ale aj ďalších, málo známych anonymných básnikov. Počet pravých Publiliových výrokov bol stanovený na 700 poučení. Medzi nimi je i známy výrok: Iudex damnatur ubi nocens absolvitur (Sudca je sám odsúdený, keď je vinník oslobodený).
Gubernia sa delila na 5 okresov, Zanikla 19. júla 1927, keď sa z jeho územia vytvoril Čerepovecký rajón Leningradskej oblasti, ktorý tiež zanikol 23. júla 1930.
Nanotechnológia – ide o technológiu veľmi malých rozmerov, ktorá umožňuje manipulovanie s hmotou na úrovni jednotlivých atómov a molekúl. Koncept nanotechnológie vymyslelm Eric Drexler a popísal ho vo svojej knihe The Engines of Creation. Pre manipuláciu s atómami a molekulami sa využívajú tzv. nanoboty, čo sú akési miniatúrne roboty.
Jeho herecká kariéra je pomerne bohatá. Má hviezdu na Hollywoodskom chodníku slávy. Nadaboval sám seba pre epizódu seriálu Simpsonovci „Deep Space Homer“, kde spolu s Homerom Simpsonom a fiktívnym astronautom Racom Banyonom letí do vesmíru.
Do povedomia sa dostal ako líder hudobných skupín Karpatské chrbáty, Vrbovskí víťazi či prostredníctvom hudobného projektu Abusus. Pre Jobusove vystupovanie je typická silná dávka vtipu, recesie a lokálpatriotizmu, na základe čoho sa stal vyhľadávanou osobnosťou slovenskej alternatívnej scény. Ako moderátor tiež pravidelne hosťuje na najväčšom slovenskom hudobnom festivale, Bažant Pohoda.
Ďalším typom bola 8 guľová, je to v podstate 6 guľová s dvomi prídavnými guľami hydractive. „Hydractive“ II. Je počítačom riadený systém ovládania pruženia ktorý mení charakteristiku pruženia podľa rýchlosti, náklonu karosérie, záťaži a stavu vozovky.
Na averznej strane všetkých bankoviek je vyobrazený súčasný thajský kráľ Pchúmipchón Adundét v generálskej uniforme, na reverznej strane sú vyobrazení bývalí thajskí králi. Mince majú na averznej strane vyobrazených tunajších kráľov (čiže v obehu sú aj staršie mince, na ktorých sú podobizne bývalých kráľov), reverzné strany mincí nesú vyobrazenia tunajších chrámov.
Od bar micva je muž vyvolávaný k Tóre svojim židovským menom, s pripojením mena otca (David ben Jišaj). Aškenázi pri modlitbách za chorých či za Židov v zajatí sa modlia s použitím židovského mena s menom matky (napr. Gil'ad ben Malka).
Vďaka miernemu podnebiu v okolí rastie bohatá vegetácia. Jazero je vyhľadávaný turistický cieľ s množstvom kúpeľných miest a parkov. Na jazere je rozvinuté rybárstvo (pstruh, sih malý (Coregonus albula), kapor), miestna lodná preprava, výhliadková turistická a rekreačná plavba.
Prírodným parkom vedú dve turisticky značené trasy. Modrá turistická značka začína pri železničnej stanici Kadaň-Prunéřov a vedie okolo Hasištejna cez chatovú osadu Úbočí, odkiaľ sleduje proti prúdu tok Prunéřovského potoka k železničnej zastávke Nová Ves. Žlto značená trasa vedie z Místa do Výsluní a väčšinu svojej dĺžky kopíruje modro značený chodník.
Rotačný guľomet patrí medzi zbrane s najmensou presnostou a najvacsou palebnou silou. Vysoká kadencia spôsobuje rýchle vyčerpanie munície, takže sa na útoky na nepriatelsku zakladnu nehodi. Uplatni sa najviac v boji na krátku vzdialenosť proti vacsim formam Votrelcov. Bez prikrcenia je jeho rozptyl až príliš vysoký, s výnimkou hráča vybaveneho Battlesuitom.
10. novembra 2009 bolo zverejnené, že Zelmerlöw bude spoločne s Dolphom Lundgrenom a Christinou Meltzerovou moderovať najprestížnejšiu domácu pesničkovú súťaž Melodifestivalen 2010. Vo svojej muzikálovej kariére pokračoval stvárnením postavy Rómea v muzikáli „Rómeo a Júlia“. Ako hosť účinkoval v talentovej šou „Jakten på Julia“ verejnoprávnej televízie SVT, v ktorej hľadali predstaviteľku Júlie. Muzikál mal premiéru v decembri 2010 v štokholmskom muzikálovom divadle „Göta Lejon“.
Obvodová rýchlosť je rýchlosť, ktorú má hmotný bod pri pohybe po kružnici. Je kolmá na sprievodič (čo je spojnica stredu kružnice, po ktorej sa pohyb uskutočňuje, s aktuálnou polohou hmotného bodu) a jej veľkosť je
Už bohatý, sa rozhodol nájsť svoju priateľku z detstva Minnu Meinckeovú s ktorou sa zasnúbil v lete v roku 1831 a po šestnástich rokoch, keď sa stretli len na Veľký piatok 1836, požiadať ju o ruku. Keď ju našiel dozvedel sa, že Minna sa v roku 1847 vydala. Po návrate z Ameriky do Ruska, sa 12. októbra v roku 1852 oženil s Jekaterinou Petrovnou Lyšinovou (Rus. Екатерина Петровна Лыжина), dcérou právnika. Manželom sa narodili tri deti, ale ich vzťah nebol šťastný. Jekaterina s obľubou často vyhlasovala, že jej manžel je despota a tyran .
Všetky nekovy okrem vodíka sa nachádzajú v pravom hornom rohu periodickej tabuľky. Na rozdiel od kovov sú nekovy elektrickými izolantami alebo polovodičmi. Často tvoria iónovú väzbu s elektropozitívnymi prvkami alebo kovalentnú väzbu s ostatnými prvkami. Oxidy nekovov sú kyselinotvorné.
Po založení Univerzity Komenského v Bratislave v roku 1919 nastal veľký problém s ubytovaním študentov, nakoľko v Bratislave neexistoval žiaden vysokoškolský internát. Preto sa časť katolíckych študentov obrátila na kňaza Eugena Filkorna, ktorý mal skúsenosti zo zakladania stredoškolských internátov počas Monarchie. V roku 1922 sa Eugen Filkorn dohodol so správou sirotinca svätej Alžbety, ktorý sa nachádzal na mieste dnešného Svoradova o tom, že sa tam budú môcť ubytúvať študenti. Priestory však boli veľmi nevyhovujúce, preto sa rozhodlo o výstavbe prvého moderného internátu na území Bratislavy. Na tento účel sa založil podporný Spolok Kolégia sv. Svorada pod vedením trnavského biskupa Pavla Jantauscha. Zakladajúci a doživotní členovia venovali 2000 resp. 500 Kčs, riadni platili ročne 20 Kčs. Hlavným cieľom Spolku bolo zakladať, podporovať a vydržiavať internáty. Filkorn zvolil pre novotvoriaci sa internát názov Svoradov podľa sv. Svorada. Spolok Kolégia Sv. Svorada sa stal garantom výstavby a správy internátu. Jeho členmi okrem viacerých slovenských biskupov boli aj kňazi – politici pápežský prelát Andrej Hlinka, ThDr. Jozef Tiso, Ferdiš Juriga či Tomáš Ružička . Výstavba stála 1 100 000 korún. Z nich sa v Amerike Filkornovou zásluhou podarilo vyzbierať 200 000 KČS, 200 000 dala bratislavská župa, 200 000 slovenskí biskupi (biskup Ján Vojtaššák prispel 50 000 korunami). Taktiež zbierky po celom Slovensku vyniesli nezanedbateľnú sumu. Zvyšok peňazí poskytli ako úver banky. Po postavení „starého Svoradova“, kde sa prví študenti nasťahovali v roku 1926, 29. júna 1926 posvätil rožňavský biskup Michal Bubnič základný kameň „nového Svoradova“. Na slávnosti rečnil Ferdiš Juriga. Začiatkom roka 1927 si Spolok Kolégia sv. Svorada dal žiadosť na zriadenie telefónu. Dnes vyznieva zaujímavo, že polícia musela dať vyjadrenie, či k tomu nemá „politických námietok“. 1. mája 1928 biskup Pavol Jantausch posvätil krídlo „nového“ Svoradova za účasti ministra školstva Milana Hodžu. Polícii neušlo, že namiesto štátnej hymny sa spievala pieseň Hej Slováci a viali bielo-modro-červené a bielo-žlté zástavy. Výstavba ďalších traktov Svoradova trvala postupne až do roku 1939.
Van Halen je americká hard rocková skupina, ktorá vznikla v Pasadene v Kalifornii v roku 1974. Od vydania svojho debutového albumu s názvom Van Halen v roku 1978 skupina slávila úspechy až do konca 90. rokov, kedy ju postihlo viacero problémov.
Čerepovecká gubernia (rus. Череповецкая губерния) bola jedna z gubernií Ruskej sovietskej federatívnej socialistickej republiky v rokoch 1918 - 1927 zriadená po rozpade Novoruskej gubernie 13. mája 1918. Hlavným mestom gubernie bol Čerepovec. Podľa údajov z roku 1926 v gubernii žilo 735 800 obyvateľov.
Brooks je kanadské mesto ležiace v juhovýchodnej časti provincie Alberta, 186 km juhovýchodne od Calgary a 110 km severozápadne od Medicine Hat. V roku 2006 tu žilo 12 498 obyvateľov na rozlohe 17,7 km².
1855 Poľskí botanici Zygmunt Bośniacki a Wojciech Gzegorzek urobili súpis vrcholovej flóry štítu. O samotnom výstupe však neuviedli nič. Ak ide o flóru končiara, je možné pripustiť, že na vrchol vystúpili.
V Izraeli je zvykom u praktikujúcich Židov dať meno skutočne až po obriezke (teda ôsmy deň po narodení) či počas mišeberachu (u dievčat). Rodičia často do poslednej chvíle váhajú a nikto sa ich nepýta na meno narodeného dieťaťa. To je niekedy problém u predčasne narodených, nedonosených chlapčekov, kedy sa obriezka odkladá. Vtedy obvykle dostanú meno pri mišeberachu ako dievčatá, aby sa mohli ostatní už modliť za zdravie týchto chlapcov. (Problém robí táto prax pomenovávania v krajinách diaspory, kedy úrady chcú vedieť meno dieťaťa už pred pôrodom).
Z vyššie uvedených bol vyrobený len typ T20 a T20E3. Typ T20E3 bol vyrobený z typu T20E2. Séria T20 bola uznaná ako nevhodný kandidát na pozemné boje z dôvodu úniku oleja z prevodovky a prehrievaniu motorov.
Dnešný zámok získal svoju podobu až prestavbou, ktorú platil posledný z Questenberkovcov – Jan Adam. Nie je úplne jasné, kto bol tvorcom prvotného návrhu barokovej prestavby zámku a kostola. Mohli to byť Johann Lukas von Hildebrandt aj Jakob Prandtauer, stavbu mohol viesť i Tomáš Gravani. Z ideálnej podoby sa podarilo realizovať len časť. Napriek tomu je zámok pre svoju rozľahlosť a výzdobu (sála predkov, salla terrena, kúpele, tanečná sála…) cennou kultúrnou pamiatkou.
V roku 2013 sa Zelmerlöw opäť zúčastnil súťaže Melodifestivalen, tentokrát však ako spoluautor textu jednej zo súťažných piesní (pieseň „Hello Goodbye“ v podaní Erika Segerstedta a Tone Damli). Koncom roka 2013 stvárnil hlavnú úlohu v novej verzii švédskeho muzikálu „Spök“.
Prírodovedný materializmus je materializmus zastávaný (často neuvedomene) prírodovedcami 19. stor. a 20. stor. a spočívajúci v materialistickom odôvodňovaní filozofických základov a všeobecných metód v oblasti prírodovedného výskumu a v materialistickej interpretácii výsledkov prírodných vied.
Plány na svoj tretí štúdiový album s názvom „Barcelona Sessions“ zverejnil Zelmerlöw v marci 2013. Nasledovalo predstavenie nových singlov „Broken Parts“, „Beautiful Life“ a „Run for Your Life“. Album vyšiel 5. februára 2014.
V kozmickej lodi Gemini 12 bol druhým pilotom. Odštartoval spolu s veliteľom lode Jamesom Lovellom z floridského kozmodrómu na Cape Canaveral v novembri 1966. Počas svojej misie sa spojili s raketovým stupňom Agena. Aldrin absolvoval tri výstupy do vesmíru (EVA) s celkovou dĺžkou trvania 5,5 hodiny. Pristáli s kabínou lode na vlnách Atlantického oceánu po lete trvajúcom 3 dni, 22 hodín, 34 minút a 31 sekúnd.
Leží v miestach, kde sa v minulosti posúval Addský ľadovec a pri Alta Brianza sa rozdeľuje na dve časti. Jazero je dnes známe charakteristickým tvarom obráteného „Y“. Jazero na severe začína pri meste Colico a na juhu juhozápadné rameno končí pri meste Como a juhovýchodné rameno pri meste Lecco. Comským jazerom preteká rieka Adda (ľavý prítok rieky Pád). Vlieva sa do jazera pri meste Colico a odteká pri Lecco. Do juhozápadného ramena sa žiadny významný prítok nevlieva. Druhým najvýznamnejším prítokom je rieka Mero, pritekajúca z jazera Lago di Mezzola.
„stavanie už nie je jednotlivou úlohou architektovej ctižiadosti. stavanie je len organizácia: sociálna, technická, ekonomická, psychická organizácia. “
Od 12. februára 1942, keď nahradila bojovú loď Nagato do 11. februára 1943, keď ju nahradila Musaši, bola Jamato 364 dní vlajkovou loďou japonského námorníctva.
Na Slovensku sa zavedenie eura navyše riadi predovšetkým zákonom č. 659/2007 Z.z. o zavedení meny euro v Slovenskej republike a o zmene a doplnení niektorých zákonov (tzv. [slovenský] generálny zákon) a Národným plánom zavedenia eura. Zmena súm uvedených v korunách na eurá sa však skôr či neskôr bude týkať prakticky každého slovenského zákona obsahujúceho sumy uvedené v korunách.
Projekt Rímskokatolíckeho pastoračného centra Kráľovnej rodiny získalo v roku 2000 Cenu časopisu ARCH o architektúre a inej kultúre. Ocenenie bolo udelené najmä vďaka jeho elegancii a výborne zvládnutej miery stavby.
krajiny, kde sa "halový futbal" bežne hrá a kde existujú pri futbalových zväzoch aj sekcie indoor footballu a pravidelné súťaže: Belgicko, Holandsko a Taliansko
Aj napriek existencii historického pečatného symbolu Nižného Hrabovca, pochádzajúceho z druhej polovice 19. storočia, ktorým je odtlačok pečatidla s heraldickými fugúrami psa a jahňaťa, obec sa rozhodla používať novotvar.
Palác Spoločnosti národov, Ženeva, Švajčiarsko, 1927 – súťažný návrh, opäť v spolupráci s Hansom Wittwerom, takisto nebol realizovaný. Príklad typického poňatia modernej budovy dvadsiatich rokov.
16. október 2002 – 24. september 2003 – minister obrany SR, bol odvolaný z funkcie po sporoch s predsedom vlády Mikulášom Dzurindom kvôli návrhu na odvolanie riaditeľa Národného bezpečnostného úradu,
T20E1: Vybavený 75 mm automatickým kanónom a horizontálnym špirálovým pružením. Táto verzia bola neskôr zrušená a veža bola použitá na tank T22E1.
V roku 1952 bolo v obci založené jednotné roľnícke družstvo, ktoré sa však v roku 1953 rozpadlo. Celoobecné JRD bolo potom založené až v roku 1958. Neskôr bolo k nemu pričlenené JRD Poša a JRD Kučín. V roku 1991 bolo družstvo premenované na Poľnohospodárske družstvo Ondava. V roku 1996 bolo rozdelené vzniklo z neho Roľnícke družstvo Nižný Hrabovec a Poľnohospodárske družstvo Poša.
Dňa 23. apríla 1904 vlak na klesaní (70 metrov na úseku 3 km) medzi stanicami Blíževedly a Úštěk bol síce rušňovodičom brzdený, ale kvôli klopenej zákrute, svojej rýchlosti a poryve vetra sa lokomotíva aj s vagónmi vykoľajila a spadla pod stráň. Zranených bolo 20 osôb.
Čechtice je mestečko v Česku v okrese Benešov v Stredočeskom kraji. 1. januára 2012 tu žilo 1 421 obyvateľov, z toho 675 mužov a 746 žien, pričom priemerný vek v obci bol 41,3 roka (muži 40,4 roka, ženy 42,1 roka). Prvá zmienka o Čechticiach pochádza z roku 1315.
V chemickom priemysle je titán stále populárnejším materiálom na výrobu alebo jednoduché vystlanie chemických reaktorov, ktoré pracujú v extrémnych podmienkach a vyžadujú vysokú odolnosť voči korózii.
Už v tejto prvotine sa objavujú tézy, ktoré sa tiahnu celým Lovecraftovým dielom: že svet okolo nás vnímame veľmi nedokonale a že medzi nami existujú citlivé osoby (často považované za šialencov a zatvárané do ústavov), ktoré vidia, počujú i vnímajú ten skutočný svet, ktorý je pre väčšinu skrytý. Tento svet je však nebezpečný a desivý a stretnutie s ním má za následok často šialenstvo a smrť.
Tento kanón disponuje ohromujucou palebnou silou, priamo umernou úrovni nabitia zbrane v primarnom režime paľby. Plne nabitý výstrel dokáže v prípade priameho zasahu zlikvidovať každú formu Votrelca s výnimkou Tyranta a značný plošný efekt zvysuje jeho účinnosť aj proti nižším formam. V sekundarnom režime paľby zbraň vystreluje slabo nabite projektily pomerne rýchlo za sebou. Rýchlosť vystreľovaných projektilov je najpomalsia spomzedzi všetkých zbraní v hre.
Po novembrovej nežnej revolúcii bol Svoradov v reštitúcii vrátený katolíckej Cirkvi, ktorá ho nechala v bezplatnom prenájme Slovenskej technickej univerzite. Od roku 1996 je vo vestibule umiestnená pamätná tabuľa Eugenovi Filkornovi, (odhalil ju arcibiskup Ján Sokol), ostala tam aj busta Mirka Nešpora (dielo od Trizuljaka), čo predstavuje zaujímavé historické porovnanie, tak symbolické pre dejiny 20. storočia. V deväťdesiatych rokoch internát obývali hlavne študenti Chemickotechnologickej fakulty STU, od začiatku 21. storočia dominujú mladí umelci. Taktiež sa tu pravidelne stretávali bývalí svoradovčania, ktorí založili Kruh priateľov Svoradova. Na Svoradove mal svoju miestnosť aj Slovenský katolícky akademický spolok ISTROPOLITAN.
Niektorí bádatelia usudzujú, že na mieste dnešného zámku stála stredoveká tvrdza. Mala vzniknúť na strategicky výhodnom mieste: na skale z južnej strany chránenej močiarmi, ktoré vytvára riečka Rokytná. Proti tomu stojí názor, že tvrdza nie je nijako písomne doložená, že pre jej zriadenie nebol dôvod (majitelia Jaroměřic v Jaroměřiciach sídlo nemali), a teda že tvrdza možno vznikla až na konci stredoveku – po roku 1498 – predtým, než začala jej renesančná prestavba.
Tyler Hynes (* 6. máj 1986, Toronto, Ontário, Kanada) je kanadský herec ocenený niekoľkými televíznymi i filmovými cenami. Preslávil sa úlohou Willa Bauera v seriáli Petra Benchleyho s názvom Amazonka. Svoju hereckú kariéru začal už ako osemročný, okrem televíznych filmov a seriálov účinkoval aj v celoverčených filmoch a zahral si i v divadle v rockovom muzikáli Tommy, v ktorom sa zhostil hlavnej úlohy.
Granger je základnou robotníckou kastou a nedisponuje žiadnou formou útoku. Dokáže postaviť stavby 1. úrovne. Ako jediná votrelecká kasta utrpí pri páde z výšky zranenie, no v porovnaní s Ľuďmi len mierne.
13. január 2004 – po sporoch s Mikulášom Dzurindom, ktoré viedli k odvolaniu Ivana Šimka z funkcie ministra obrany, založil spolu so skupinou poslancov, ktorí spoločne vystúpili z SDKÚ, novú politickú stranu Slobodné fórum,
Aj keď sa Buzz Aldrin stal až „druhým človekom“, ktorý otlačil svoju nohu do povrchu Mesiaca, má na svojom konte iné prvenstvo. Stal sa historicky prvým človekom, ktorý kedy močil na inom telese vo vesmíre.
Navrhnutá bola v roku 1974, masovo sa začala vyrábať v roku 1976. Je niekoľko variácii tejto pušky. Základný model je služobná puška v ruskej armáde. Jej variácie AKS-74U a AKS-74 sú kompaktnejšie a prispôsobené pre výsadkárov, vodičov atď. Od roku 1985 sa vyrába model, ktorý nemal určité časti z dreva, ale z plastu. Potom existuje ešte guľomet odvodený od AK-74, nazývaný RPK-74.
Thajský baht alebo baht je národná mena Thajska. Jeho kód podľa ISO 4217 je THB, jedna stotina sa nazýva „satang“. Do obehu prenikol v roku 1928, kedy nahradil dovtedy používaný tikal.
Pred tým, než v roku 2006 maturovali, All Time Low podpísali ďalšiu zmluvu, tentokrát s Hopeless Records. V jednom rozhovore kapela hovorí, že začali brať hudbu vážne až v ich maturitnom ročníku na strednej škole, teda pred tým, než vydali svoje druhé EP Put Up or Shut Up v júli roku 2006.
Obec Kecerovce vznikla zlúčením obcí Kecerovské Pekľany (v minulosti aj Kecerské Pekľany), Kecerovské Kostoľany (v minulosti aj Kecerské Kosceľany, - Kostolany).
4. obvod (franc. 4e arrondissement) alebo Obvod Hôtel-de-Ville (franc. Arrondissement de l'Hôtel-de-Ville) je jeden z 20 obvodov Paríža. Nachádza sa na pravom brehu rieky Seina a hraničí na západe s 1. obvodom, na severe s 3. obvodom, na východe s 11. a 12. obvodom a na juhu so Seinou a s 5. obvodom.
Nemanja Vidić (srbskou cyrilikou: Немања Видић) (* 21. október, 1981 v Titovo Užice, Srbsko) je srbský futbalista. Hráva za anglický klub Manchester United v najvyššej anglickej futbalovej súťaži Premier League a na medzinárodných podujatiach reprezentuje Srbsko.
Predmetom ochrany je: CHA je vyhlásený na ochranu hniezdnej kolónie volavky po-polavej pri Rapovciach, jedinej v povodí Ipľa,v ktorom boli úpravami toku narušené prir.hniezd.možnosti v.p. Svojím roz-sahom a počtom aktívnych hniezd cca 10-12 je jedinečná na strednom Slovensku.
Táto stavba predstavuje spawn point za stranu ľudí. Cez nu sa po smrti môžu hráči v tyme Lúdi znovu vrátiť do hry, ale každý Telenode dokáže vypustiť len jedného hráča za určitý cas, takže počet postavenych Telenodov by mal byt priamo úmerný poctu hracov hrajucich za stranu Lúdi. Na rozdiel od ostatnych stavieb, Telenode je funkčný aj bez reaktora postaveneho vo svojej blízkosti.
Prvý použil pojem transhumanizmus britský biológ Julian Huxley vo svojej knihe eseji New Bottles for New Wine – Nové fľaše pre nové víno, ktorú publikoval v roku 1957. Hovoril tu o prechode k novému druhu existencie človeka, ktorý sa bude od súčasného človeka líšiť tak, ako sa súčasný človek líši od Pekingského človeka. Človek ostáva človekom, zároveň však transcenduje sám seba realizovaním nových myšlienok, nových možností svojej prirodzenosti a pre svoju prirodzenosť.
V roku 1836, vo veku 14 rokov, bol nútený ísť pracovať. Zamestnal sa ako učeň v obchodoch vo Fürstenbergu a v Hamburgu, kde v roku 1841 nastúpil na loď ako plavčík. Ale loď, na ktorej absolvoval Schliemann svoju prvú plavbu, sa potopila a more ho po stroskotaní vyplavilo na pobreží Holandska. Po odchode z nemocnice, sa Schliemann rozhodol zostať v Holandsku. Zamestnal sa ako účtovník a neskôr ako úradník v Amsterdamskej obchodnej spoločnosti, a svoj voľný čas venoval štúdiu cudzích jazykov. V roku 1846 ho spoločnosť ako znalca ruského jazyka, poslala na služobnú cestu do Ruska, kde uzavrel rad výhodných zmlúv, a preto bol spoločnosťou povýšený na prokuristu. Po krátkom čase mal dostatok peňazí, aby opustil spoločnosť a podnikal samostatne. V Rusku a neskôr v USA, kde viedol banku v Sacramente v Kalifornii zarobil obrovské peniaze a stal sa jedným z najbohatších ľudí na svete.
Skoro celú časť najväčšieho ostrova pokrýva letisko. V 50. a 60. rokoch 20. storočia bol atol využívaný USA ako oblasť testov jadrových zbraní. Skúšali sa podzemné aj povrchové výbuchy. Atol bol taktiež využívaný aj ako raketová základňa.
V auguste 2013 ako 42-ročný uzavrel zmluvu s prvoligovým mužstvom MšHK Prievidza, člen výkonného výboru Vladimír Svitok uviedol, že sa od neho očakáva predovšetkým skúsenosť. 23. októbra 2013 utrpel po náraze na mantinel zlomeninu kľúčnej kosti. Tréner mužstva Jindřich Novotný označil jeho zranenie za dlhodobejšie.
Rok 1945 pre Svoradov znamenal zlom. Nastala atmosféra napätia. Po bombardovaní Bratislavy sa tu uchýlil Slovenský Červený kríž. Už v júli 1945 boli všetky školy a internáty poštátnené. Aj pre Spolok Kolégia sv. Svorada nastali krušné časy. Na jeho čelo bol zvolený biskup Ambróz Lazík. V roku 1946 Kolégiu neboli Povereníctvom vnútra schválené nové stanovy. Mnoho študentov - svoradovčanov sa zapojilo do boja proti nastupujúcej totalite, mnohí skončili v žalároch. 23. mája 1946 bolo ich stretnutie utopené v krvi, jedenásti boli zranení, 5 študentov bolo postrelených. Pred voľbami v roku 1946 sa na pôde Svoradova živo diskutovalo o založení katolíckej politickej strany. Táto myšlienka sa nezrealizovala. Študenti však podporili Demokratickú stranu, ktorej volebným manažérom sa stal svoradovčan Imrich Kružliak. Táto strana drvivo porazila Komunistickú stranu Slovenska (viac ako 60% hlasov oproti 30% KSS) V roku 1947 sa obnovilo zatýkanie študentov zo strany ŠtB, ktoré pokračovalo aj v ďalších rokoch. Mnohí boli súdení v rámci veľkého procesu Gazdík a spol. či v procese s Rodinou. V tom čase sa položartom hovorilo o centrále polície U dvoch levov ako o druhom Svoradove, nakoľko tu bolo pozatváraných mnoho svoradovčanov. Po komunistickom prevrate vo februári 1948 Spolku zhabali všetok majetok a bol vymazaný z registra. Začiatkom 50-tych rokov sa kvôli zlikvidovaniu svoradovskej tradície internát premenoval na Študentský domov Mirka Nešpora – partizána, ktorý nemal so Svoradovom nič spoločné. Tento názov niesol až do roku 2000, kedy mu bol napriek odporu postmarxistických historikov navrátený pôvodný názov. V sedemdesiatych rokoch 20. storočia na internáte bývali predovšetkým študentky ekonómie. Tie organizovali „podzemné“ katolícke krúžky, na ktorých sa často zúčastňoval aj tajne vysvätený biskup Korec. O živote internátu od začiatku 60. tych rokov 20. storočia vedel pútavo rozprávať kurič Tono Bačík († 2003), nezabudnuteľná postavička patriaca k „nešporáku“.
Živia sa rastlinami, mladými výhonkami, ktoré trhajú pri dne pomocou dlhých krkov. Mláďatá zbierajú rastlinnú potravu z hladiny, rodičia sú s nimi a vytrhávajú rastliny z dna.
Úderom väčšinou drevenej paličky sa rozochvieva struna, natiahnutá v drevenej rezonančnej konštrukcii. Pre každý tón je natiahnutá 1 až 4 oceľové struny, pokrývajúce tónový rozsah C–a³. Predstavuje tak určitý druh stolnej citary.
30. novembra 1938 bol podpísaný delimitačný protokol. Poľsku bolo pri Čadci odstúpených 44 km2 s 2000 obyvateľmi, ktorí sa väčšinou hlásili k slovenskej národnosti. V roku 1939, po porážke Poľska, územie pripadlo späť tentoraz už Slovenskému štátu a v roku 1945 boli obnovené hranice s Poľskom v predmníchovskej podobe.
Macaulay Culkin (* 26. august 1980, New York, USA) je americký herec, známy predovšetkým zo série filmov Sám doma a Sám doma 2: Stratený v New Yorku, kde hral ako chlapec. V čase uvedenia týchto filmov bol považovaný za najúspešnejšieho detského herca od čias Shirley Jane Templovej.
Vzácnou pamiatkou je aj zvonica z 19. storočia, na ktorej sa ručne zvonilo. Taktiež sa tu nachodia staré pivnice, ktoré ešte stále slúžia občanom na uskladnenie zemiakov a zeleniny.
1760 Na mape severného Spiša od Floriána Čákiho je znázornený po prvý raz štít aj s charakteristickým kotlom. Autor ho označuje ako Kösselberg (štít s kotlom)
Neskôr sa stalo zdrojom najväčších sporov autorstvo skladieb. Napríklad Gilmour upozorňoval, že jeho podiel na skladbe „Another Brick in the Wall, Part II.“ s jeho gitarovým sólom nebýva na obaloch jeho spoluautorstvo uvedené.
Carnikava (nem. Koivemund, čo doslova znamená Ústie Gauje) je obec v Lotyšsku, ležiaca severovýchodne od hlavného mesta Riga na brehu Baltského mora. Je správnym strediskom kraja Carnikava. Neďaleko obce sa vlieva druhá najväčšia lotyšská rieka Gauja do vôd Rižského zálivu. V roku 2006 mala Carnikava 3 721, a v roku 2015 mala Carnikava 4015 stálych obyvateľov.
Rytmický impulz je vo verzológii očakávanie, že za rytmickou jednotkou, istým spôsobom rytmicky usporiadanou, bude nasledovať ďalšia, organizovaná tým istým alebo podobným spôsobom.
Terpsichoré alebo Terpsichora alebo zastarano Terpsichore (novogr. Τερψιχόρη – Terpsichoré, lat. Terpsichore), je v gréckej mytológii múza tanca a chórovej lyriky, jej atribútom je lýra.
27. marca 2004 – na ustanovujúcom sneme strany Slobodné fórum pomerne prekvapujúco prehral súboj o predsednícky post so Zuzanou Martinákovou a stal sa „iba“ podpredsedom strany,
Podľa mýtov Sparťania odvodzujú pôvod názvu Sparty (gréc. Lakedaimón) od kráľa Lakedaimóna (syna boha Dia), ktorý dostal vládu nad krajinou od svojho svokra riečneho boha a kráľa Euróta. Sídelné mesto nazval Lakedaimón menom svojej manželky Sparta. Po Lakedaimónovi vládol jeho syn Amyklas a po nich ďalší ich potomkovia. Slávna Trójska vojna prebiehala počas vlády Menelaa. Po trójskej vojne za vlády Menelaovho vnuka Tisamena napadli ich kráľovstvo Dóri vedení Heraklovcami. Aristodémos, pravnuk Herakla, a jeho bratia viedli posledný piaty útok na mykénsky Peloponéz. Počas záverečnej bitky bol Aristodemos zabitý a dobyté územie sa malo stať kráľovstvom jeho syna, ale keďže mu jeho manželka Argeia porodila dvojičky (Eurysthenes a Prokles) a nechcela prezradiť, že ktorý z nich sa narodil prvý, rozhodlo sa, že budú vládnuť obaja. Nástupcovia oboch kráľov potom vládli v rámci svojho rodu. Nástupcovia Eurysthena v línii rodu Agiovcov a nástupcovia Prokla v línii rodu Eurypontovcov. Takto sa pokúšali Sparťania vysvetliť vznik ich dvojkrália.
Demografia (z gréčtiny demos = ľud a grafein = písať, čiže popis ľudu) alebo populačná veda alebo populacionistika je veda o reprodukcii ľudských populácií. Populácia Slovensku od roku 1848 zahŕňa Demografia Slovenska.
Sir Edmund Percival Hillary (* 20. júl 1919, Auckland, Nový Zéland – † 11. január 2008, Auckland) bol novozélandský horolezec a objaviteľ, ktorý sa stal slávnym, keď ako prvý zdokumentovane a dokázateľne zdolal Mount Everest. Dňa 29. mája 1953 dosiahol vrchol Everestu v nadmorskej výške 8 848 m (29 035 stôp) spolu so šerpom Tenzingom Norgayom.
Vidič strelil svoj prvý gól 14. októbra 2006 proti Wiganu Athletic, United vyhrali 3:1. Svoj druhý gól strelil 4. novembra pri víťazstve 3:0 Portsmouthu na domácom štadióne Old Trafford. Svoj prvý gól v Lige Majstrov strelil 6. decembra Benfice Lisabon v zápase, ktorý Manchester vyhral 3:1.
Územie Slovenska navštívil za účelom skúmania drahých kovov v roku 1521 (Banská Bystrica), 1526, 1527 (Smolník) a 1537 (Bratislava), čo pripomína aj pamätná tabuľa, umiestnená na Primaciálnom paláci zo strany Uršulínskej ulice s reliéfom postavy, miešajúcej nejaké prášky. Pod reliéfom je nápis „In hac platea habitavit A.D. 1537 D. D. Paracelsus de Hohenheim“ (Na tejto ulici býval roku Pána 1537 pán Paracelsus z Hohenheimu). Prijal ho aj richtár Michal Klee. Po dlhšom pobyte odišiel do Viedne a potom do Salzburgu, kde nečakane zomrel.
Zaujímavé pluginy typu "Painter" umožňujú pracovať s rastrovými obrázkami (textúry ...) priamo v prostredí 3ds max. Existujú stovky ďalších freeware, shareware i komerčných plug-in modulov.
Dostal dobrý, ale trochu šialený nápad, ako vytvoriť nový album. Rozhodol sa, že rozbehne koncertnú šnúru s rozpracovanými skladbami. Prekvapil tým fanúšikov, žurnalistov a kritikov. Živým hraním a neustálym vylepšovaním, dopĺňaním zvuku, sledovaním reakcií publika a kritík sa zdokonaľovala základná myšlienka a vzťah ostatných členov kapely k novému albumu.
1751 Pod Granátové veže vystúpila cisárska komisia, ktorú viedol Jakub Buchholtz. Pušným prachom vystrelili zo steny veľké ložisko granátov. Vzorky nerastov komisia priviezla do Viedne cisárovi Františkovi I.
Michal Vajda bol zvolený za poslanca NR SR vo volebnom období 2002-2006 za KSS. Bol členom Výboru NR SR pre životné prostredie a ochranu prírody a Výboru NR SR na kontrolu použitia informačno-technických prostriedkov.
1. stupeň - naladený bol naladený na zdroj liečivej energie rejki a dokáže túto energiu prijímať a odovzdávať pomocou prikladania rúk (nie je dôležité, kam sa ruky priložia, energia si nájde sama miesto, kde je treba liečiť, či posilniť organizmus príjemcu). 1. stupeň rejki je hlavne určený na samoliečbu, ale aj na liečenie druhých dotykom rukou.
Titán je siedmym najrozšírenejším kovom v zemskej kôre, jeho obsah sa odhaduje na 5,7 – 6,3 g/kg. V morskej vode je vďaka svojej chemickej stálosti prítomný len v koncentrácii 0,001 mg/l. Vo vesmíre pripadá na jeden atóm titánu 1 milión atómov vodíka.
Zemná priehrada je homogénna, sypaná zo spraše. Sklon svahu na návodnej strane od päty po bermu je 1:2,5 a vyššie 1:2. Vzdušný svah od päty má sklon 1:3 potom 1:2. Návodný svah spevňuje betónová dlažba 50x50 cm a vzdušný svah spevňuje trávny porast. Pozdĺž vzdušnej päty je drenáž, ktorá zaúsťuje z každej strany do vývaru dnového výpustu.
Lapač v prítomnosti Ľudí automaticky vystrelí projektil rovno pred seba. Ľudia zasiahnutí týmto projektilom zostanú prilepení na mieste, časom sa však môžu vyslobodiť. Lapač patrí k najkrehkejším votreleckým stavbám.
Po roku 1918 sa jej činnosť prelínala s činnosťou novozaloženej Matice slovenskej a Slovenského národného múzea. V roku 1960 bola zrušená, pričom jej muzeálne zbierkové fondy prešli do fondov Slovenského národného múzea a archívne fondy a zbierky prevažne do Štátneho slovenského ústredného archívu v Bratislave, menšia časť do iných štátnych archívov.
Od februára 1988 bol po tretíkrát ženatý a to s Lois Driggs rod. Cannonovou. Ich spoločná rodina mala šesť dospelých detí a jedného vnuka. Manželstvo vydržalo 23 rokov a skončilo rozvodom ako aj predchádzajúce manželstvá s Joan rod. Archerovou a Beverly rod. Van Zileovou.
V 3. až 4. roku života vytvárajú trvalé páry. Na vodných plochách stavajú od konca apríla a v máji veľké hniezda. Samec prináša materiál a samica stavia. Počas svadobných hier plávajú spolu s ohnutým krkom a nadvihnutými krídlami, samec ponára hlavu do vody a špliecha na seba vodu. Na 1 - 9 zelenkastých vajíčkach sedí iba samica. Samec stráži a keď sa samica vzdiali a zakryje vajíčka páperím, samec si sadá na hniezdo. Nezohrieva však vajíčka, lebo ich ani neodkryje. Inkubácia trvá 35 dní. Po vyliahnutí a obschnutí sa mláďatá pripoja k rodičom a plávajú s nimi. Večer sa vracajú na hniezdo a cez deň hľadajú úkryt pod krídlami a na chrbte samice.
S každým novým vzniknutým prototypom tanku zo série T20 bolo navrhnuté a vyskúšané rôzne vybavenie a doplnky tanku vrátane nových podvozkov tanku. Napríklad v raných verziách tanku T20 bol použitý nový podvozok na princípe horizontálneho špirálového pruženia (HVSS), ktorý bol neskôr montovaný na tank M4A3 Sherman, zatiaľ čo neskoršie typ T20E3 mal podvozok na princípe torzných tyčí.
Tremulous beží na engine ioquake 3, ktorý je po grafickej stránke dost náročný. Oficiálne uvadzane hardwarove požiadavky na jeho spustenie su však vyslovene nedostacujuce, na hranie hry proti viacerým hracom na väčších serveroch je potrebne vlastniť výkonný počítač.
Prvé proti nemu vznesené obvinenia majú svoj pôvod v roky trvajúcich klebetách a predsudkoch. Ich pôvodcovia sú anonymní, až na Aristofana, ktorý vo svojej hre Oblaky stvárnil Sokrata ako predstaviteľa ateizmu a vedeckej sofistiky. Sokrates na to odpovedá, že nemá nič dočinenia so špekuláciami prírodnej filozofie a vyzve prítomných, aby vystúpili, ak ho niekedy počuli hovoriť inak. Nemôže byť taktiež považovaný za sofistu, pretože títo sú múdri (alebo si to prinajmenšom o sebe myslia) a vysoko platení. Tvrdí, že on je chudobný a že nevie nič o ľudských a politických cnostiach.
Tzv. Národný súd v rozsudku nad Filkornom z roku 1947 konštatuje: ...Obvinený (Filkorn) zachránil vo Svoradove osoby rasovo prenasledované (židovského pôvodu), ba aj účastníkov povstania (z Francúzska navrátivších sa svoradovčanov).
Vylepšena forma Basiliska má k dispozícii okrem klasických vlastností základného Basiliska zvýšenú odolnosť a aj útok jedovatým plynom, ktorý svoje ciele otrávi a zhorší ich orientáciu.
„(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction“ je rockový hit, ktorý Mick Jagger a Keith Richards napísali pôvodne ako americký singel pre štvrtý štúdiový album Out of Our Heads skupiny The Rolling Stones. Časopis Rolling Stone dal túto skladbu na druhé miesto svojho rebríčka 500 najväčších hitov všetkých čias, a hudobná televízna stanica VH1 ho dala na prvé miesto zoznamu 100. najväčších rokenrolových hitov. V roku 2006 túto skladbu dala národná kongresová knižnica Spojených štátov do svojho národného registra hudobných nahrávok.
Program 3ds Max je určený predovšetkým pre dizajnérov, architektov, nábytkárov, vývojárov počítačových hier, filmový priemysel, simulácie, súdne rekonštrukcie, medicínu, webmasterov, apod. Umožňuje flexibilnú animáciu postáv, množstvo deformačných efektov, podrobnú tvorbu VRML svetov. Vďaka strategickému partnerstvu Autodesku s Microsoftom poskytuje 3ds Max animačné nástroje pre hernú konzolu Xbox.
Podľa halachy je suka stavba pozostávajúca z 2½, 3, alebo 4 stien so strechou z prírodného materiálu (schach), ktorý nie je prepojený so zemou. Mala by byť aspoň meter vysoká a umiestnená tak, že aspoň časť jej strechy sa nachádza pod holým nebom. Suku možno postaviť na zemi alebo na terase či balkóne. Existujú aj prenosné suky pre veriacich, ktorí majú málo priestoru a pre cestujúcich (aby sa mali kde najesť).
S ich 76 mm kanónmi, odpružením pomocou torzných tyčí a nízkym profilom tanku boli typy T20E3 a T23E3 porovnateľné s ruským tankom T-34, ktorý mal 85 mm kanón a taktiež neskôr aj nemecké tanky Panzer IV. Oproti týmto návrhom sa stal tank M4 Sherman zastaraným a Ordnance Department požadovala, aby boli tanky typu T20E3 a T23E3 štandardizované ako M27 a M27B1 (júl 1943). Požiadavka bola ale odmietnutá a návrh sa nikdy nezačal masovo vyrábať.
Prof. Milan Knížák (* 19. apríl 1940, Plzeň) je český výtvarník, hudobník a performer. Od roku 1999 do mája 2011 bol riaditeľom Národnej galérie v Prahe.
Predposledný štúdiový album, ktorý Floydi vydali mal názov The Division Bell a bol vydaný roku 1994. Počas turné k tomuto albumu sa konal aj koncert 20. októbra v Londýnskom Earl's Court. Koncert vyšiel ako LIVE album pod názvom P*U*L*S*E, no na DVD ako obrazový záznam koncertu ho skupina vydala až v roku 2006. Po čase sa vzťahy aspoň čiastočne normalizovali, ale spoločné vystúpenie na koncerte Live 8 v roku 2005 bolo podľa vyhlásení Gilmoura a Watersa výnimkou.
V roku 2008 pridala ďalšie tri turnajové tituly a to na Pattaya Open (Thajsko) (kategória Tier IV), v Istanbule (Turecko) (kategória Tier III) a v Eastbourne (Spojené kráľovstvo) (kategória Tier II). Na Australian Open 2008 ako prvá Poľka dosiahla štvrťfinále na grandslamovom turnaji v otvorenej ére tenisu (prvou Poľkou vôbec bola v 30. rokoch 20. storočia tenistka Jadwiga Jędrzejowska).
Existujú dve alotropické formy titánu a päť prirodzene sa vyskytujúcich izotopov. 46Ti až po 50Ti. 48Ti je izotop s najväčším prirodzeným výskytom až (73.8%).
M26 Pershing bol americký tank nasadený na konci druhej svetovej vojny a neskôr v kórejskej vojne. Pomenovaný na počesť gen. Johna J. Pershinga, ktorý viedol americký expedičný zbor v 1. svetovej vojne. Ako jediný západný tank prekonal všetky parametre nemeckých tankov Panther a Tiger.
Fenol sa bežne nachádza v čienouhoľnom dechte a vo vypieracích vodách po karbonizácii čierneho uhlia. Tieto zdroje však zabezpečujú len malú časť svetovej produkcie fenolu (2,2 mil. ton ročne). Technologicky sú dobre zvládnuté viaceré metódy prípravy:
Advanced Granger dokáže postaviť akúkoľvek votreleckú stavbu. Navyše disponuje slabým útokom a špeciálnym pľuvancom, ktorý cieľu spôsobuje nízke zranenie a spomaľuje ho. Dokáže liezť po stenách, čim môže uniknúť pred prenasledovateľmi alebo postaviť stavby na šikmých a vyvýšených plochách.
Prvok sa vyskytuje v početných mineráloch s hlavnou zložkou rutil (oxid titaničitý) a ilmenit, ktoré sú široko rozptýlené po celej zemi. Existujú dve alotropické formy titánu a päť prirodzene sa vyskytujúcich izotopov. 46Ti až po 50Ti. 48Ti je izotop s najväčším prirodzeným výskytom až (73.8%). Najvýznačnejšou vlastnosťou titánu je jeho pevnosť, titán je pevný približne ako oceľ, ale má 60% hmotnosť. Vlastnosti titánu sú chemicky a fyzikálne podobné zirkóniu.
Rodák zo Zadunajska. Profesor (1880) a rektor evanjelický gymnázia v Banskej Bystrici (1886-1916). Člen, zapisovateľ evanjelický [Zvolenského] seniorátu, člen súdnej stolice, revízor a neskôr predseda účtovnej komisie. Dlhoročný referent Banského evanjelický cirkevného obvodu v Banskej Bystrici.
Dohoda o usporiadaní šampionátu medzi IKF a Katalánskou korfbalovou federáciou bola podpísaná v decembri 2001. Dejiskami zápasov boli štyri arény v štyroch rôznych mestách: Pavelló de Can Jofresa v Terrasse, Pavelló de Llefià v Badalone, Col.legi Valldemia de Mataró v Mataró a El Pavelló de la Parellada v Sant Boi de Llobregat.
Hillary sa neskôr chcel expedície vzdať, po tom čo bol vodca expedície Shipton nahradený Huntom. Tí ho však presvedčili nech zostane. Pôvodne plánoval liezť s Loweom, ale Hunt rozhodol pre vytvorenie dvoch lezeckých tímov. V Hillaryho tíme bol Tom Bourdillon, Charles Evans a Tenzing Norgay. Hillary sa čoskoro s týmto skúseným šerpom spriatelil. Pred samotným výstupom na Everest bola potrebná aklimatizácia a zosúladenie celej skupiny. Lowe vybral ako prvý cieľ Lhoce. Základný tábor pod Mount Everestom rozložila expedícia v marci 1953. Pomaly sa dostávajúc vyššie sa im nakoniec podarilo postaviť najvyšší 9. tábor v Južnom sedle vo výške 7 900 m. 26. mája sa Bourdillon a Evans pokúsili vystúpiť na vrchol, ale útok vzdali asi 100 m pod vrcholom po poruche Evansovej kyslíkovej fľaše. O druhý útok sa mala následne pokúsiť druhá dvojica skupiny, ktorú tvoril Hillary a Tenzing. Tých však zdržalo v sedle dva dni zlé počasie. Vyrazili teda 28. mája s podporou Lowea, Alfreda Gregoryho a Ang Nyima. Vo výške asi 8500 dvojica rozbalila stan v ktorom prečkala do rána. Hillary však zabudol svoje horolezecké topánky pred stanom a tie cez noc zmrzli. Strávil preto ráno dve hodiny ich zohrievaním a následne sa Tenzingom pokúsil o záverečný útok s 13 kilovými batohmi na chrbte. Čoskoro ich však spomalila 12 m stena, ktorá bola neskôr pomenovaná ako „Hillaryho schod“. Hillary využil úzky komín medzi skalou a ľadovou stenou a Tenzing ho tadiaľ nasledoval. Ďalší výstup už taký komplikovaný nebol, dvojica dorazila na vrchol spoločne o 11:30. Strávili tam iba okolo 15 minút. Hillary na vrchole urobil slávnu fotografiu svojho spoločníka, držiaceho cepín a nepálsku vlajku, nechal na vrchole tiež malý krížik. Obaja rovnako hľadali stopy po Malloryho expedícii. Pri zostupe zistili, že ich stopy už zasypal sneh, čo dosť skomplikovalo ich cestu späť. Prvý koho stretli bol Lowe, ktorý za nimi vyšiel nad tábor a doniesol im polievku. Svet sa o úspešnej expedícii a dosiahnutí najvyššieho kopca dozvedel práve v deň korunovácie kráľovnej Alžbety II. Na druhej strane však skupinu prekvapil ohlas vo svete, ktorého sa im dostalo v Káthmandu.
Priekopníkom technológie S.M.A.R.T. bol Compaq, ale dnes ju podporuje väčšina dodávateľov pevných diskov a materských dosiek. Väčšina materských dosiek vydá varovnú správu, keď sa blíži zlyhanie disku.
Johnston alebo Johnstonov atol je atol s rozlohou 130 km² v severnom Tichom oceáne nachádzajúci sa okolo 1 400 km západne od Havaja. Je zložený zo štyroch ostrovov na koralovom útese, dvoch prírodných ostrovov Johnstonovho ostrova a Pieskového ostrova (Sand Island) a dvoch umelých Akau a Hikina, ktoré vznikli ťažbou koralov. Administratívne patrí medzi nezačlenené územie USA.
Bořeň býva často porovnávaný s Diablovou horou v Wyomingu (USA), a to nielen kvôli zhodnému chemickému zloženiu horniny, ale aj kvôli podobnému charakteru krajiny, v ktorej sa nachádza.
Hlavné koryto pod Vrbnickou preložkou obteká obce Vrbnica (západne od nej priberá kanál pritekajúci od obce Trhovište) a Žbince na ľavom brehu, prechodne sa stáča viac na juhovýchod a tečie pomedzi obce Hatalov na ľavom a Dúbravka na pravom brehu. Tu priberá sprava Dúbravský kanál, zľava kanál od obce Žbince a pri osade Komanica tiež ľavostranný Žbinský potok. Od Komanice tečie východným smerom k obci Budkovce, pričom zľava priberá Vlčí kanál, juhovýchodným smerom preteká intravilánom Budkoviec a pod obcou priberá zľava Sliepkovský kanál. Ďalej sa stáča severojužným smerom a na dolnom toku priberá viaceré kanály z katastrálnych území obcí Drahňov, Slavkovce a Zemplínske Kopčany. Potom sa stáča smerom na juhozápad, preteká v blízkosti chráneného územia Raškovský luh na ľavom brehu, tečie súbežne s cestou II. triedy č. 552 a sprava priberá Močiarny kanál. Napokon už mení smer toku na juh, podteká spomenutú cestu II. triedy a východne od obce Veľké Raškovce sa spája s vodami Laborca.
Prof. MUDr. Daniela Ostatníková, PhD. (* 22. júl 1957) je slovenská lekárka, univerzitná profesorka, od roku 2015 prorektorka pre medzinárodné vzťahy Univerzity Komenského v Bratislave.
Od počiatku priemyslovej výroby kovového titánu spočívalo ťažisko jeho využitia v kozmických technológiách a špeciálnych aplikáciách leteckého priemyslu. Titán a jeho zliatiny sú preto základným materiálom pri výrobe skeletov alebo povrchových ochranných štítov kozmických objektov (družíc, vesmírnych sond a vesmírnych staníc). V leteckom priemysle nachádzajú využitie pri výrobe významne namáhaných súčastí lietadiel, teda predovšetkým pri konštrukcii vojenských stíhacích lietadiel a dnes i pri konštrukcii komerčných dopravných lietadiel.
Uľ v prítomnosti nepriateľa vypustí agresívny hmyz, ktorý svoj cieľ prenasleduje až do úspešného zásahu. Ide o účinnú obrannú stavbu, jeden úspešný útok dokáže zlikvidovať neobrneného hráča.
Je občasným zvykom u osôb veľmi vážne chorých pridávať dodatočné meno. Tento zvyk sa odvoláva na Talmud (Roš ha-šana 16b), že táto zmena môže zvrátiť „nepriaznivý výnos“ v nebi. Najčastejšie sa pridáva meno Chajim (život), u žien Chaja (živá).
1896 Budapeštianska horolezkyňa Terézia Egenhofferová na oslavu uhorského tisícročia navrhla, aby štít bol pomenovaný Ferencz Józef csúcs (Štít Františka Jozefa). Na vrchole bola s menom cisára umiestnená mramorová tabuľa i veľká diaritová tabuľa, ktorá vážila 150 kg. Malú tabuľu v roku 1900 zničili poľskí horolezci a veľkú v roku 1919 slovenskí vlastenci.
Adrian je autorom piesní ako „Wasted Years“, „Stranger In a Strange Land“ a spoluautorom hitov ako „2 Minutes to Midnight“, „The Wicker Man“ alebo „Different World“. Jeho sóla v piesňach „The Number of the Beast“, „Revelations“ či „Powerslave“ patria k hudobnej špičke.[chýba zdroj]
V januári 2011 Zelmerlöw oznámil, že sa stane moderátorom ďalšej populárnej švédskej hudobnej šou „Allsång på Skansen“. Túto súťaž moderoval rovnako aj v rokoch 2012 a 2013.
Dochádza k nemu ak hrači často používajú sekundárny režim paľby Lucifer kánonu niekoľkokrát za sebou, čim narušujú plynulosť hry nakoľko takáto aktivita vysoko zatažuje server i klientov intenzívnym grafickými efektami sprevadzajucimi paľbu. Na niekoľkých serveroch je tento problém riešení odpojením hráča z hry (kickom), aj keď len zriedka.
Dohoda (zastarano Antanta z fr. entente) bol vojensko-politický blok, systém spojeneckých zmlúv uzavretých proti Trojspolku. Pôvodne sa volala aj Trojdohoda (Rusko, Francúzsko, Spojené kráľovstvo), neskôr počas prvej svetovej vojny aj Štvordohoda alebo Veľká päťka.
V roku 1983 vyšiel v trojčlennej zostave bez Wrighta album The Final Cut, ktorý však nebol komerčne veľmi úspešným. Keďže napätie v skupine vrcholilo, snažil sa ju Waters formálne rozpustiť a pokračovať pod pôvodným názvom s najatými hudobníkmi, s čím nesúhlasili Gilmour a Mason.
Helma chráni oblast hlavy a navyše poskytuje hráčovi možnosť sledovať radar, ktorý ho informuje o spojeneckych a nepriatelskych cieloch. Úroveň ochrany je zhodná s ľahkým brnenim. Helma taktiež svojho nositela chráni pred jedovatym plynom vypustanym Advanced Basiliskom.
Trieda Defiant je prvou triedou bojových lodí Federácie. Zatíaľ čo vojnu s Klingónmi a Romulánmi Federácia vybojovala s loďami vedeckými a prieskumnými, po stretnutí s Borgami velenie Hviezdnej flotily uznalo potrebu existence bojových lodí. Trieda Defiant bola prvou z nich (aj keď je Defiant v seriáli oficiálne označený ako eskortná loď).
Pohonná jednotka pozostávala z dvanástich kotlov Kanpon a turbín, ktoré dodávali lodi výkon až 150 000 ks čo je 110 MW, pri ktorých jednotka dosahovala maximálnu rýchlosť 27 uzlov pomocou štyroch skrutiek.
Vyštudoval na Montclair High School a potom navštevoval vojenskú akadémiu United States Military Academy vo West Point, ktorú v roku 1951 absolvoval ako tretí najlepší v triede. V Kórejskej vojne lietal na strojoch F-86 Sabre a pripísal si dva zostrely lietadiel MiG-15. Potom, čo opustil Kóreu, pôsobil ako inštruktor na základni Nellis v Nevade. Pôsobil tiež na U. S. Air Force Academy a následne sa presunul do Nemecka, kde na základni Bitburg lietal na strojoch F-100 Super Sabre. Aldrin armádu opustil, aby mohol študovať na MIT (Massachusetts Institute of Technology), kde v roku 1963 získal doktorát z astronautiky. Po ukončení štúdií sa opäť vrátil k armáde a opustil ju v roku 1972 po 21 rokoch služby.
Z barcelonskej zostavy vytlačil kanoniera Thierryho Henryho, strelecky sa presadil i proti Realu Madrid a nakoniec ho tréner reprezentácie Vicente del Bosque zaradil do nominácie na svetový šampionát. Počas turnaja vytlačil zo zostavy Fernanda Torresa a nastúpil aj vo finále, ktoré rozhodol Andrés Iniesta.
S obvodovou rýchlosťou sa okrem pohybu po kružnici stretávame aj pri otáčavom pohybe telesa. Vtedy sa rôzne časti telesa pohybujú rôznymi rýchlosťami, ktoré sú dané ich vzdialenosťou r od osi otáčania a vyššie uvedeným vzťahom
O rok neskôr bol podľa scenára napísaného na motíve tohoto albumu natočený režisérom Alanom Parkerom film The Wall v hlavnej úlohe s Bobom Geldofom. (Bob Geldof sa stal neskôr známy ako kľúčová osobnosť pri koncertoch Live Aid, ku ktorým patrí aj akcia z roku 2005 nazvaná Live 8, kde sa stal zázrak a došlo ku spoločnému vystúpeniu najúspešnejšej zostavy Pink Floyd.)
spoľahlivé internetové pripojenie - ďalšou nevýhodou môže byť závislosť databáz klaud na pripojení k internetu, keďže všetky cloudové služby sú cez neho poskytované. V súčasnosti sa tento problém stále viac a viac eliminuje skvalitňovaním služieb poskytovateľov internetu.
Zámok v Růžkových Lhoticích – baroková stavba postavená v 18. storočí. Od svojich 11 rokov tu často býval Bedřich Smetana, ktorý neskôr na tieto časy spomínal ako na najšťastnejšie obdobie svojho života. V roku 1982 schátranú budovu odkúpilo Múzeum Podblanicka. Od roku 1984 je tam expozícia s názvom „Hudební tradice Podblanicka“.
1958 – SPÚ premenovaný na Slovenský ústav pamiatkovej starostlivosti a ochrany prírody (SÚPSOP) (Poznámka: De iure bol SÚPSOP jedným z predchodcov Ústredia štátnej ochrany prírody [pozri nižšie], de facto bol predchodom ÚŠPS [pozri nižšie], ktoré vzniklo v roku 1981 de iure odčlenením od SÚPSOP)
1909 – 1912 – spolupracoval v berlínskej kancelárii Alberta Fröhlicha a neskôr u Emila Schaudta. Súčasne navštevoval večerné kurzy na umeleckopriemyselnej škole, kde absolvoval štylistiku.
V nasledujúcich informáciách sa v písomných prameňoch v roku 1331 po prvý raz spomína pod názvom „Villa Dean“ resp. Lúka Dyan. Malá vzdialenosť od Blatnického hradu spôsobila, že rýchlo stratila svoje zemianske postavenie a stala sa poddanskou obcou pánov Blatnice.
Tato modifikácia sa týka do značnej miery len upravou prav administrátorov, ktorý následne majú možnosť využívať širokú škálu príkazov v závislosti od svojej úrovne (admin level). Stoji za ňou Tóny Jay White (tjw), ktorý je tiež autorom neoficialnej verzie Tremulous pre operačný systém Mac OS. Každý väčší server tuto modifikaciu obsahuje.
V októbri 1965 hrala skupina Tea Set v High Pines (Esher, Surrey) na oslave narodením dvojičiek Libby a Rosie Januaryových. Libby bola priateľkou Rogerovho a Sydovho spolužiaka z gymnázia, Storma Thorgersona, neskoršieho autora dizajnu vizuálneho stvárnenia albumov u väčšiny projektov skupiny Pink Floyd. Bola to pompézna oslava, na ktorej okrem Tea Set a iných umelcov vystupoval vtedy mladý pesničkár Paul Simon, či skupina Jokers Wild (s Davidom Gilmourom). V roku 1965 sa v anglických mestách začali presadzovať hudobné kluby, v ktorých sa prezentovalo undergroundové umelecké hnutie. V hudobnej sfére bol underground polovice 60. rokov charakteristický psychedelickou hudbou. Okrem predĺžených improvizácií hudobných sól, či zvukovými efektmi bola pódiová prezentácia muzikantov zvýrazňovaná rôznymi svetelnými efektmi, ako bolo premietanie olejových diapozitívov, niekedy šlo dokonca iba o domáce bodové svetlá, ktoré sa prepínali ručne. Efekt olejového diapozitívu a filmovej projekcii použila skupina na jednom vystúpení na Essexskej univerzite. Krátko po tomto vystúpení dostala skupina ponuku prvýkrát vystúpiť v undergroundovom klube s názvom Marquee.
Je to štvrtý najúspešnejší album sveta po Jacksonovom albume Thriller, soundtracku k filmu Horúčka sobotňajšej noci a albumu skupiny Fleetwood Mac Rumours. Paradoxne album získal iba jednu zlatú platňu za pol milióna predaných nosičov, pretože vznikol pred 1. januárom, 1976, t. j. pred pridaním ocenení platinovou platňou za milión predaných nosičov.
V roku 1864 bol Schliemann na vrchole svojej kariéry a rozhodol sa realizovať svoje sny. Osvedčení zástupcovia, vyškolení v jeho škole sa ujali v Schliemanovom mene vedenia firiem v Petrohrade a v Moskve a on sa vydal na cestu okolo sveta, ktorá trvala dva roky. Počas tejto doby navštívil Egypt, Veľké Sundy, Čínu, Japonsko, Kubu, Mexiko, Severnú Ameriku a Strednú Ameriku a potom sa usadil v Paríži. V rokoch 1866 – 1870, študoval v Paríži na univerzite Sorbonna literatúru a cudzie jazyky. V roku 1868 po prvýkrát odišiel do Grécka – navštívil Peloponéz, Ithaku a aj oblasť Tróje. Z jeho cestopisných denníkov sa po ceste zrodí kniha Ithaka, Peloponéz a Trója a to tak rýchlo ako všetko, čo Schliemann zoberie do rúk.
Po zničení prvého Defiantu bol nahradený inou ľoďou rovnakej triedy. Volala sa USS Sao Paulo (NCC-75633), no posádka dostala zvláštne povolenie od Hviezdnej flotily premenovať ju na Defiant.
Posledná misia vtedy už jedinej z najväčšej triedy bojových lodí bola operácia Ten-Go, ktorá nasledovala po invázii na Okinawe (začala 1. apríla 1945). Píše sa o nej ako o samovražednej misii, pretože plavidlo malo palivo len na cestu k Okinawe. Loď vyplávala pod vlajkou admirála Seiičiho Ita s cieľom napadnúť flotilu USA podporujúcu vylodené jednotky na západe ostrova a následne nabehnutie na breh, kde by uviazla ako nepohyblivá ale hlavne nepotopiteľná delostrelecká batéria. Jamato mal podporiť brániace sa japonské jednotky a brániť prísunu posíl Američanov prípadne ich zatlačiť do mora a zničiť invázne jednotky. V sprievode ľahkého krížnika Jahagi a ôsmich torpédoborcov opustila formácia 6. apríla prístav Tokujama.
Hríb po výbuchu a siahal do výšky 4 míľ a bolo ho vidno až v 125 míľovej vzdialenosti v Kagošimskej prefektúre na Kjúšu, najjužnejšom zo štyroch najväčších japonských materských ostrovov. Len 280 zo 2 778 námorníkov sa zachránilo. Pri útoku na Jamato bolo stratených 10 lietadiel s dvanástimi členmi posádky.
Underground je anglický výraz pre podzemie. V iných jazykoch sa používa v prenesenom slova zmysle pre označenie javov, ktoré sú mimo všeobecne uznávaných zvyklostí. Môžeme k nim priradiť tak kriminálne javy, ako aj rôzne subkultúry ktoré sa odlišujú od hlavného prúdu.
Puška je zakladnou ľudskou zbraňou. Jej vyhodou je nulová cena, pomerne nízky rozptyl a slušná palebná sila vzhľadom na vysokú kadenciu. Na druhej strane sa však jej malý zásobník rýchlo minie.
Richardova stopa viedla koncom roka 2002 do anglického Hastingsu. Pracoval v štúdiu Claire Hamill a vystupoval s miestnymi hudobníkmi, ku ktorým patrili medziinými Tom Palmer, Steve Winchster, Donna Terenzi, Mama Josie a Papa George. Koncertoval však aj sólovo a nadviazal užšiu spoluprácu s bývalým perkusionistom Robbieho Williamsa Nana Tsiboem v rámci jeho sólového projektu Bushfaya. Pobytom v Anglicku sa Richardovo účinkovanie v zahraničí však nekončí. V roku 2001 natáčal hudobné klipy v Afrike a účinkovaním na hudobnom veľtrhu vo Frankfurte prezentoval výrobcu hudobných nástrojov George Dennis.
Toto dopytovanie sa Sokratovi prinieslo povesť otravného dotieravého človeka. Svoju životnú misiu interpretuje ako dôkaz toho, že pravá múdrosť prináleží bohom a že ľudská múdrosť a ľudské úspechy majú malú alebo žiadnu hodnotu.
Európska cesta 05 (E05) je európska cesta, ktorá začína v Škótsku pokračuje cez Francúzsko a končí v Španielsku. Začína v meste Greenock a končí v meste Algeciras. Jej celková dĺžka je 3281 km.
Nachádza sa v katastrálnom území obce Trebeľovce, Mikušovce, Rapovce v okrese Lučenec v Banskobystrickom kraji. Územie bolo vyhlásené v roku 1992 na rozlohe 2,2304 ha. Ochranné pásmo nebolo určené.
Bloemfontein je justičné centrom a teda jedno z troch hlavných miest Južnej Afriky. Je hlavným mestom provincie Slobodný štát (bývalé Oranžsko). Má približne 370 000 obyvateľov.
Ing. Ján Kotuľa (* 8. október 1950, Čierny Brod) je predseda predstavenstva Národnej diaľničnej spoločnosti a bývalý poslancom zastupiteľstva Bratislavského samosprávneho kraja a bol štátnym tajomníkom ministerstva dopravy, pôšt a telekomunikácií.
V roku 1975, na ceste do dediny Phaphlu, kde Hillary pomáhal stavať nemocnicu, jeho žena Louise a dcéra Belinda tragicky zahynuli pri leteckej katastrofe blízko Kátmandú v Nepále.
Labuť veľká alebo labuť hrbozobá (lat. Cygnus olor) je druh z čeľade kačicovité. Nesúvisle sa vyskytuje v celej palearktíde. Na Slovensku hniezdi najmä v západnej časti krajiny, hniezdenie alebo pravdepodobné hniezdenie bolo zistené v 25,40 % mapovacích kvadrátov, zimovanie v 37,50 % mapovacích kvadrátov.
V roku 1982 absolvovala štúdium všeobecného lekárstva na Lekárskej fakulte Univerzity Komenského s vyznamenaním. V rokoch 1982 – 1989 pracovala ako sekundárna lekárka v Univerzitnej nemocnici v Bratislave, od roku 1989 pôsobí na Lekárskej fakulte UK. V roku 1998 ukončila postgraduálne štúdium v odbore normálna a patologická fyziológia, v roku 2005 habilitovala na docentku v tomto odbore a v roku 2012 bola po inauguračnom konaní na Univerzite Komenského vymenovaná za profesorku v odbore normálna a patologická fyziológia. Od roku 2010 je prednostkou Fyziologického ústavu LF UK, kde v roku 2013 založila Akademické centrum výskumu autizmu. Absolvovala študijné pobyty v USA, je držiteľkou Fulbright fellowship a Tempelton fellowship. Je členkou European Academy of Sciences and Arts (Salzburg, Rakúsko) a viacerých ďalších vedeckých spoločností doma aj v zahraničí. Za svoju vedeckú a publikačnú činnosť získala viacero medzinárodných a národných ocenení. Na Lekárskej fakulte UK zastávala v rokoch 2007 – 2015 funkciu prodekanky pre zahraničné vzťahy, od februára 2015 je prorektorkou Univerzity Komenského v Bratislave. Je víťazka ankety Slovenka roka v kategórii Veda a výskum za rok 2012.
Ďalším míľnikom v jeho kariére bola účasť na súťaži Melodifestivalen 2007, ktorá bola zároveň švédskou kvalifikáciou na Eurovision Song Contest 2007. Súťažil s piesňou „Cara Mia“ v treťom semifinále 17. februára 2007 v meste Örnsköldsvik a postúpil do finále, ktoré sa konalo 10. marca v Globen aréne v Štokholme. Celkovo skončil na treťom mieste. Zelmerlöw naplno zužitkoval získanú popularitu, pieseň „Cara Mia“ vyšla ako singel a krátko po nej vydal svoj debutový album „Stand by For...“. Album sa čoskoro stal najpredávanejším vo Švédsku a od Medzinárodnej federácie fonografického priemyslu IFPI získalo platinový certifikát predajnosti. Všetky štyri single z albumu sa umiestnili v švédskej top 50 najhranejších skladieb. „Stand by For...“ sa začal predávať v septembri 2007 aj v Poľsku.
5. novembra 1883 bol v obci zriadený poštový úrad. Na základe zákonného čl. 33/1894 sa obec stala sídlom matričného úradu. Po rozpade Rakúsko-Uhorska bol Nižný Hrabovec k 15. 2. 1921 (kedy sa konalo prvé oficiálne sčítanie ľudu) sídlom notárskeho úradu, ktorému podliehali obce Nižný Hrabovec, Nižný Hrušov, Poša, Dlhé Klčovo, Kučín, Kladzany a Hencovce.
V roku 2006 začala Zolova trénerská kariéra ako asistent trénera Pierluigiho Casiraghiho v Talianskom národnom mužstve do 20 rokov. Spolu trénovali aj Taliansko na olympiáde v Pekingu 2008, kde skončili vo štvrťfinále po porážke s Belgickom 3-2.
Takmer okamžite po tom čo bol stredný tank M4 Sherman štandardizovaný, US Ordnance Department začala s vývojom jeho nástupcu. V túto dobu už táto organizácia pracovala na návrhu ťažko pancierového pechotného tanku, ktorý mal využívať časti tanku M4 a bol vyvíjaný pre britskú armádu. Nový projekt bol odštartovaný 25. mája 1942, ktorého pôvodné značenie bolo M4X.
Frazeologický kalk je frazéma, ktorá vznikla doslovným prekladom z iných jazykov, tzv. kalkovaním. Pri kalkovaní sa úplne alebo čiastočne nahrádzajú komponenty cudzej frazémy ich domácimi ekvivalentmi, pričom sa úplne alebo čiastočne kopíruje aj jej syntaktická konštrukcia. Niekedy sa rozlišujú presné frazeologické kalky, ktoré vznikli presným prekladom komponentov cudzej jednotky a presným kopírovaním jej syntaktickej konštrukcie (modrá pančucha z angl. blue stocking, živá mŕtvola z rus. živoj trup, labutia pieseň z gréc. kikneia asma, bludný kruh z lat. circulus vitiosus) a nepresné frazeologické kalky, kedy dochádza pri preklade komponentov cudzej frazémy a pri kopírovaní jej syntaktickej konštrukcie k istým odchýlkam (byť ako na ihlách z franc. etre sur des épines - dosl. byť na ihlách, z celého srdca z franc. de tout mon coeur, dosl. z celého môjho srdca) (Šanskij, l985). Presné a nepresné kalky sa nazývajú aj úplné kalky (Nazarian, l976), ktoré sa dávajú do protikladu polokalkom. Porov. polokalky, adaptované kalky, preberanie frazeologických jednotiek, prevzatá frazeológia.
Britská invázia je výraz, ktorý opisuje prienik rock and rollových, bigbítových a popových hudobných umelcov zo Spojeného kráľovstva na predtým uzavretý hudobný trh Spojených štátov medzi rokmi 1964 – 1966.
Za zakladateľa transhumanizmu je považovaný americko-iránsky filozof a futurológ FM-2030 pôvodným menom Fereidoun M. Esfandiary. K rozvoju myšlienok transhumanizmu prispeli svojimi knihami Robert C. W. Ettinger, Max More, Nick Bostrom, Ray Kurzweil, David Pearce, James Hughes, Timothy Leary, Eric Drexler, Jerome C. Glenn, Hans Moravec, Vernor Vinge, Ramez Naam, James Halperin a ďalší.
Praktické využitie elementárneho titánu vyplýva predovšetkým z jeho mimoriadnej chemickej odolnosti a malej hustoty. Je treba vziať do úvahy, že výroba titánu je v súčasnosti relatívne finančne náročná a prevádzkové nasadenie titánových komponentov je účelné len v prípadoch, keď nie je možné použiť lacnejšiu alternatívu na báze zliatin hliníka a horčíka – duralov.
Prvé písomné zmienky o obci pochádzajú od konca 13. a začiatku 14. storočia ako usadlosť s dvoma kúriami v chotári osady Sebeslavce a dedičstvo Révayovského panstva.
Prvé chránené územie tu bolo zriadené v roku 1946. Národná prírodná rezervácia bola vyhlásená roku 1977. Rozloha chráneného územia predstavovala 23,24 ha. K roku 2013 došlo ku znovu vyhláseniu územia a k jeho rozšíreniu na 65,37 ha. Rezerváciou vedie náučný chodník z Bíliny až na vrchol, odkiaľ sa otvára kruhový rozhľad na všetky strany. Na skalnatých svahoch rastie rad chránených rastlín a sídli tu chránený výr skalný. Bolo tu zistené okrem bežných druhov vtákov tiež 22 osobitne chránených. Tiež sa tu vyskytuje ropucha zelená a užovka hladká.
Ako mladík zažil svoj seniorský debut 12. októbra 2002 za seniorskú reprezentáciu Srbska a Čiernej Hory v kvalifikačnom zápase na Euro 2004 proti Taliansku, ktorý skončil remízou 1:1 . Vidič je súčasťou srbskej defenzívnej “famóznej štvorky” spolu s hráčmi Mladen Krstajić, Ivica Dragutinović a Goran Gavrančić, ktorá inkasovala počas desiatich kvalifikačných zápasov na MS 2006 iba 1 gól. Vidič hral hlavnú úlohu v poslednom kvalifikačnom zápase proti Bosne a Hercegovine, ktorý Srbsko a Čierna Hora vyhralo 1:0 a postúpilo na MS, napriek tomu Vidič videl 5 minút pred koncom červenú kartu. Vidič preto zmeškal otvárací zápas svojho tímu na MS proti Holandsku a 12. júna 2006 si na tréningu poranil kolenné väzy a neodohral preto ani jeden zápas na turnaji. Po Majstrovstvách sveta sa Vidič vrátil už do samostatnej Srbskej reprezentácie.
Najjednoduchšia 5 guľová (hydropneumatický zásobník tlaku = guľa) mala podobne ako BX jednu guľu na každé koleso a jednu akumulačnú. Zo začiatku bolo použité jednookruhové čerpadlo a rozdeľovač tlaku pre posilňovač riadenia, neskôr dvojokruhové čerpadlo s rôznym výtlakom čo umožnilo zjednodušenie systému.
Kvôli týmto účinkom sa narodilo celosvetovo cez 100 000 postihnutých detí bez nôh, rúk, uší a s rôznymi malformáciami . Približne 40% detí, ktoré boli zdravotne poškodené užívaním talidomidu zomrelo do prvého roku života . Liek sa v Česko-Slovensku ani v USA nepredával . Najznámejšou obeťou Conterganu je známy spevák Thomas Quasthoff. V súčasnom období žijú dospelí, ktorí žijú so zdravotným postihnutím, ktoré bolo spôsobené talidomidom.
Cena Ferenca Puskása je futbalové ocenenie udeľované od roku 2009 Medzinárodnou futbalovou federáciou hráčovi, ktorý strelil najkrajší gól v uplynulom kalendárnom roku. Cena je pomenovaná po legendárnom maďarskom futbalistovi Ferencovi Puskásovi. Víťazom ankety v roku 2012 sa stal slovenský reprezentant Miroslav Stoch za svoj gól, ktorý dosiahol v klubovom drese Fenerbahçe SK v zápase tureckej ligy proti Gençlerbirliği SK.
Juhovýchodne od Ďanovej sa nachádza rybník, na ktorom každý rok organizuje rybársky zväz súťaž v love rýb. V šesťdesiatych rokoch 20. storočia sa tu ťažila rašelina a tak vznikol rybník, do ktorého napustili ryby. V roku 2005 bol vyčistený a prehĺbený. Každoročne sa sem chodia v lete rekreovať nielen obyvatelia obce, ale aj z okolitých obcí a miest Turca.
1905 – 1909 – v Bazileji sa vyučil za murára, kresliča, stavbyvedúceho a neskôr navštevoval „kurzy pre stavebných horlivcov“ na tunajšej priemyselnej škole.
18. decembra 1970 bol súdny proces v Spolkovej republike Nemecko zastavený a došlo k mimosúdnemu vyrovnaniu, v ktorom sa firma Grünethal zaviazala k finančnému odškodnenie - zaplatiť poškodeným odškodné vo výške 100 miliónov mariek (51 miliónov EUR) . Švédska vláda v roku 2004 priznala stovke švédskych občanov, poškodených týmto liekom, odškodné vo výške 500 000 švédskych korún.
Fenol je z hľadiska Brønstedovej teórie slabá kyselina (pKa = 9,95), pretože vodík hydroxylovej skupiny je odštiepiteľný v podobe protónu. Zvýšenú kyslosť fenolu oproti jeho alifatickému analógu cyklohexanolu zapríčiňuje vysoká elektrónová hustota na aromatickom jadre.
Vyšné Temnosmrečinské pleso (poľ. Wyżni Ciemnosmreczyński Staw, nem. Oberer Smrečiner See, maď. Felső-Szmrecsini-tó) je pleso na druhej terase Temnosmrečinskej doliny v komplexe Kôprovej doliny, povyše druhého, podstatne väčšieho plesa rovnakého mena vo Vysokých Tatrách. Je to tretie najväčšie a najhlbšie pleso na v Tatrách.
Torismund (Torismond, špan. Turismundo) sa stal vizigótskym kráľom po smrti svojho otca Teodoricha I., ktorý padol v bitke na Katalaunských poliach v roku 451. V roku 453 ho dal zavraždiť je brat a nástupca Teodorich II.
Hvezdáreň je otvorená každý deň v týždni okrem pondelka, od októbra do marca vo večerných hodinách (pozorovanie planét a vzdialených objektov), od apríla do septembra aj popoludní (pozorovanie Slnka) – cez víkendy celý deň. Pre verejnosť hvezdáreň organizuje množstvo prednášok a výstav, v prízemí budovy je prístupná menšia odborná knižnica. Mládež sa môže zúčastniť astronomického krúžku, starší záujemcovia dvojročného astronomického kurzu.
Lietadlá z lietadlovej lode USS Hornet sa spojili s lietadlami Curtiss SB2C-4E Helldiver bombardovacej perute VB-82 z USS Benningtonu pod vedením Hugha Wooda vo výške 6 000 m, kde ponad mraky a aj keď ich radar zaregistroval, boli už dosť blízko. Prenikli protileteckou clonou a zaútočili z mrakov. Boli prvými lietadlami, ktoré zaútočili na Jamato 7. apríla 1945, v deň jeho poslednej plavby. Lietadlá Avenger niesli torpéda, a spolu s Helldiver-mi zaútočili v súčinnosti na svoj hlavný cieľ, ktorým bola práve bojová loď Jamato.
Jej prvým predsedom (prezidentom spoločnosti) sa stal významný francúzsky entomológ Jean Guillaume Audinet-Serville (1775 - 1858). Pierre André Latreille (1762 - 1833), ktorý predsedal aj jej prvej - zakladajúcej schôdzi sa stal jej čestným predsedom. Ďalším významným entomológom, ktorý bol aj tretím predsedom tejto spoločnosti bol Victor Audouin (1797 - 1841). Ďalšie významné osobnosti tejto spoločnosti boli napr.: Amédée Louis Michel Lepeletier (1770 - 1845), Philogène Auguste Joseph Duponchel (1774 - 1846) a mnohí iní. Jej cieľom bolo prispieť k pokroku a vývoju entomológie vo všetkých jej aspektoch. Spoločnosť t. č. vydáva dva časopisy: Annales de la Société entomologique de France a Bulletin de la Société entomologique de France. Jej knižnica obsahuje 15 000 zväzkov a 1 500 titulov časopisov (historických aj súčasných), ktoré sú všetky zamerané na entomológiu. V súčasnosti má spoločnosť približne 660 aktívnych členov.
Spoločnosť má 75 pobočiek na celom svete, ktoré navrhujú a vyrábajú televízory, domáce spotrebiče a telekomunikačné zariadenia. LG Electronics vlastní Zenith Electronics a ovláda 37,91 percent LG Display.
House je žáner elektronickej tanečnej hudby, ktorá má pôvod v americkom meste Chicago začiatkom 80. rokov. Pôvodne bol popularizovaný na diskotékach Afroameričanmi a Latinskými Američanmi v Chicagu okolo roku 1984, a nato aj v ďalších oblastiach ako New York, New Jersey, Toronto, Montreal, Londýn, Detroit, San Francisco, Los Angeles a Miami. Následne dosiahol a stal sa ovplyvnením pre populárnu hudbu v Európe. Od začiatku do polovice 90. rokov sa house dostal do mainstreamových popových a tanečných hudobných rebríčkov po celom svete.
Koncom marca 2009 Zelmerlöw vydal svoj druhý sólový album s názvom „MZW“. Čoskoro sa aj ten stal najpredávanejším vo Švédsku a od IFPI získal zlatý certifikát. Aj tento album sa predával aj v Poľsku. Počas leta 2009 absolvoval Zelmerlöw letné turné po Švédsku, na ktorom promoval piesne z oboch albumov.
Pramení v Cerovej vrchovine, v podcelku Petrovská vrchovina, západne od obce Gemerské Dechtáre v nadmorskej výške okolo 270 m n. m. Najprv tečie na sever, zľava priberá prítok z oblasti Katera, ďalšie tri krátke ľavostranné prítoky a potom aj významnejšiu Šťavicu z tej istej strany. Stáča sa na severoseverovýchod, preteká okrajom obce Hodejovec, zľava priberá ešte jeden prítok a na území Oždianskej pahorkatiny, východne od obce Gortva, ústi v nadmorskej výške okolo 187 m n. m. do Gortvy.
Populárny výklad transhumanizmu podal vo svojej knihe Great Mambo Chicken and the Transhuman Condition. Science Slightly over the Edge americký publicista Ed Regis. Táto kniha bola prvýkrát vydaná v roku 1990 a stala sa populárnym sprievodcom po histórii a myšlienkach transhumanizmu.
Vincencov je obec v Česku v okrese Prostějov v Olomouckom kraji. 1. januára 2012 tu žilo 124 obyvateľov, z toho 58 mužov a 66 žien, pričom priemerný vek v obci bol 44,5 roka (muži 43,1 roka, ženy 45,6 roka).
Paracelsus (narodený ako Theophrast von Hohenheim, plným menom Philippus Aureolus Theosphrastus Bombastus von Hohenheim) (* 1493, Einsiedeln, Švajčiarsko – † 24. september 1541, Salzburg, Rakúsko) bol švajčiarsky filozof a lekár, za svojho života označovaný ako „Luther medicíny“, inými prenasledovaný (najmä počas posledných dvanástich rokov života). Jeden zo zakladateľov iatrochémie.
Martin Bošňák (vl. menom Marek Mathias Bosnijak de Rudnijak; pôvodná transkripcia priezviska je Bosnijak de Rudnijak; rod pochádzajúci z Bosny, neskôr používal maďarskú transkripciu Bosnyák de Rudnyák, a v období 18. – 19. storočia sa stretávame s výskytom len druhej časti priezviska de Rudnyák) (* okolo roku 1500 – † 7. september 1566, Szigetvár, Maďarsko) bol slovenský básnik.
Interpreti ako Madonna, Janet Jackson, Björk a C+C Music Factory takisto začlenili house do svojej tvorby. V Európe ostal žáner v 00 rokoch veľmi populárnym, hlavne vďaka interpretom ako Daft Punk a Justice, ktorí získali komerčný úspech a uznanie kritikov. V 00.rokoch, subžáner housu známy ako electro house získal popularitu. V roku 2012 žáner house pokračuje ako populárny štýl hudby, zjavne vďaka DJovi Davidovi Guettovi, čo ukazuje aj 1. miesto v zozname DJ Mag 100 v hlasovaní o popularite. David Guetta často hrá viacero štýlov housu, ako electro house, melodic house či pop house.
Svoradov, vysokoškolský internát v Bratislave, Starom Meste, Svoradova ulica č.13, od svojho založenia v roku 1922 až po rok 1945 najdôležitejšie miesto formovania slovenskej katolíckej inteligencie.
Multiregionálne rádio s pokrytím veľkej časti Slovenska (51% územia) vysielalo výhradne českú a slovenskú hudbu, informácie z regiónov, kultúry a ciest.
Majstrovstvá Európy v korfbale 2002 boli v poradí 2. Majstrovstvá Európy v korfbale, ktoré organizovala Medzinárodná korfbalová federácia (IKF). Konali sa v štyroch katalánskych mestách: Badalona, Mataró, Sant Boi de Llobregat a Terrassa, v dňoch od 31. marca – 7. apríla 2002, za účasti 10 tímov. Holandsko a Belgicko, ako dva najlepšie celky z ME 1998, nastúpili až od štvrťfinálových zápasov. Nováčikmi turnaja boli družstvá Maďarska a domáceho Katalánska. Svoj druhý titul získalo Holandsko, ktoré vo finálovom zápase zvíťazilo nad Českom.
Napriek tomu, že doteraz neexistuje ucelená publikácia o histórii Svoradova (jej vydanie pripravuje prof. Róbert Letz), úlomky sa dajú poskladať z prác:
Vajce predstavuje votreleckú formu spawn pointu. Disponuje rýchlou regeneráciou a podobne ako Overmind umožňuje Grangerom zahájiť stavbu vo svojej blízkosti. Vajce si ako jedine záchova svoju funkčnosť aj v neprítomnosti Overmindu. Rovnako ako Telenode, aj Vajce môže vypustiť len jedného Votrelca za určitý čas.
Filozofická téma je prvé zachytenie istého úseku skutočnosti v podobe globálneho filozofického významového útvaru, v úvahách o ktorom a rozvíjaním ktorého sa tvoria filozofické významové útvary vyjadrované vo filozofickom texte. Filozofická téma púta pozornosť filozofa počas celej jeho ďalšej práce, číže počas filozofovania.
Hmotnosť Defiantu je asi 355 000 ton, posádka má približne 40 členov, ktorí pracujú na 4 palubách. Na dľžku meria 120 metrov. Loď je vybavená počítačovým systémom LCARS, 4 pulsnými phasery a 2 odpaľovačmi fotónových a kvantových torpéd.
Sčítání lidu v republice Československé ze dne 1. prosince 1930. Díl I. Růst, koncentrace a hustota obyvatelstva, pohlaví, věkové rozvrstvení, rodinný stav, státní příslušnost, národnost, náboženské vyznání z r. 1930 - dostupné v Digitálnej knižnici UKB
Po skončení meštianskej a obchodnej školy sa od roku 1927 učil za obchodníka, do roku 1941 pracoval ako tovariš, neskôr vedúci v Leviciach. Spev študoval súkromne u prof. Fényvesiho v Budapešti. Patril k popredným osobnostiam Spevohry v DJZ v Prešove (1946-1959). V roku 1959-1961 sólista Opery DJGT (dnes Štátna opera) v Banskej Bystrici. Roku 1961-1976 DJZ v Prešove, s ktorým externe spolupracoval aj po odchode do dôchodku.
Základnou jednotkou Cosa Nostry sú tzv. rodiny. Tento pojem tu neoznačuje pokrvné rodiny, ale základnú bunku organizácie (ktorej členovia nemusia byť v príbuzenskom vzťahu), ktorá má kontrolu nad určitým teritóriom. Jednotlivé „rodiny“ a jej členov spája vzájomná solidarita, pocit výnimočnosti, pravidlá a do veľkej miery aj koordinácia.
V roku 2005 vo finále wimbledonskej juniorky porazila Rakúšanku Tamiru Paszekovú a stala sa tak víťazkou v juniorskej kategórii. O dva roky neskôr ju napodobila jej mladšia sestra Urszula, ktorá wimbledonskú juniorku vyhrala v roku 2007.
Za normálnych podmienok tvorí fenol bezfarebné kryštály, ktoré majú niekedy tendenciu sa roztekať. Teplota topenia je 40,5 °C, teplota varu 181,7 °C a hustota 1070 kg/m3. Rozpustnosť fenolu vo vode je pomerne nízka, ale je možné ju zvýšiť prídavkom silnej zásady (napr. NaOH). Fenol je silné dezinficiens, ale pre svoj zápach a jedovatosť (LDLO = 140 mg/kg) sa už na tieto účely nepoužíva.
Štefánikova hvezdáreň v Prahe je hvezdáreň na vrchu Petřín určená širokej verejnosti a slúžiaca najmä na popularizáciu astronómie. Bola postavená a sprevádzkovaná Českou astronomickou spoločnosťou v roku 1928, v sedemdesiatych rokoch 20. storočia prešla veľkou rekonštrukciou. Od roku 1979 je hvezdáreň súčasťou Hvezdárne a planetária hl. m. Prahy (okrem hvezdárne a planetária v pražskej Stromovke tam patrí aj hvezdáreň v Ďábliciach a spoločné pracovisko s HaP v Českých Budějoviciach – Koperníkova kopula na kleťskej hvezdárne).
Ceny lístkov na zápas stáli 20 NLG. Napriek tomu, že náklady hradila FIFA spolu s Holandským futbalovým zväzom, dotáciami z reklamy a z príspevkov sponzorov i holandskej vlády, zostali kvôli nižšej návštevnosti majstrovstvá sveta stratové.
Keď sa potom konala hromadná svadba a Chthonios si bral za manželku Bryku, dcéru Danaa a najády Polyxo, ani netušil, že Danaos prikázal dcéram, aby svojich manželov počas svadobnej noci zavraždili. Okrem najmladšej Hyperméstry, všetky dcéry príkaz otca splnili a za tento hrozný skutok si po smrti vyslúžili od bohov večný trest nosiť v podsvetí do deravého suda vodu.
V rokoch 1878 – 1879 Schliemann kopal v Tróji opäť s pomocou nemeckého učenca Rudolfa Virchowa. V roku 1880 odhalili bohato zdobenú pokladnicu Minyasa legendárneho zakladateľa mesta Orchomenos. V roku 1882 sa uskutočnili tretie vykopávky v Tróji. Od tohto roku pri hľadaní za podpory nemeckého architekta a archeológa Wilhelma Dörpfelda. V roku 1884 začal Schliemann vykopávky v Tirynse, kde odkryl ruiny starobylého paláca a zistil, že sú pamiatkou mykénsko-krétskej kultúry. V roku1886 opäť kope v Orchomene, v Tróji na sklonku roku 1890. Odhalí celkom 9 vrstiev – a myslí si, že mesto kráľa Priama sa nachádza v druhej vrstve. V roku 1889 a v roku 1890 zorganizoval dve konferencie, ktorých sa zúčastnili významní učenci. Na týchto konferenciách upozornil na nesmiernosť vykonanej práce uskutočnenej pri Hissarliku.
Čiastkové ukazovatele opisujú len časť populácie. Obvykle sú vymedzené vekom a pohlavím. Diferenčné ukazovatele sú podobné, ale charakterizujú populáciu podľa príslušnosti k skupine, napr. podľa národnosti alebo náboženstva. Prierezové (transverzálne) ukazovatele charakterizujú situáciu v určitom období, obvykle za 1 rok. Longitudinálne (kohortné) ukazovatele sa týkajú určitého ročníka obyvateľstva.
Kurikoma je v súčasnosti neaktívny stratovulkán, nachádzajúci sa v severnej časti ostrova Honšú. Vulkán je tvorený prevažne andezitmi a dacitmi a leží na hrubom terciérnom sedimentárnom a tufovom základe.
3D grafika zažíva v posledných desaťročiach búrlivý rozvoj. Stvárnenie virtuálnych svetov sa stáva čím ďalej tým viac reálne a stierajú sa hranica medzi virtualitou a realitou. S príchodom každej novej verzia grafických aplikácií sa objavuje široké spektrum nových funkcií, ktoré uľahčujú a urýchľujú tvorbu 3D predstáv v každodennej produkcii.
Makruk (thaj. หมากรุก) alebo thajský šach je abstraktná dosková hra, podobná šachu, odvodená zo staršej indickej hry Čaturanga. Je považovaná za hru, ktorá je zo všetkých šachových hier najviac podobná svojmu predchodcovi.
Vatikánsky kódex alebo Codex Vaticanus (Gregory-Aland no. 03 alebo B) zo 4. storočia je jeden z najstarších a najcennejších rukopisov na svete. Kódex je napísaný v gréčtine na pergamene, v troch stĺpcoch na stranu.
Biotechnológie – ide o pomerne výrazne rozšírenú oblasť vedy a výskumu, keď sú aplikované technológie a metódy založené na biologických vedách. Ide zároveň o rýchlo sa rozvíjajúce odvetvie ekonomiky.
Kráľovský ženský kláštor založil v roku 1099 pustovník Robert z Arbrisselu a prijal benediktínsku rehoľu. V roku 1106 potvrdil pápež Paschal II. nezávislosť dvojitého kláštora na akejkoľvek cirkevnej a svetskej autorite. V 12. storočí patrilo pod Fontevrault asi 100 prevorstiev v ktorých žilo na 5 000 rehoľníc a rehoľníkov.
Prenosová sústava obsahuje 3 618 km vedení v hladine 400 kV, 1 909 km vedení 220 kV a 84 km vedení 110 kV. 41 rozvodní obshuje 71 transformátorov. Hlavný dispečing prenosovej sústavy je v Prahe, záložný v Ostrave.
Pred ďalšou sezónou ho angažoval Brynäs IF zo švédskej Elitserien, nepresadil sa však a opäť hrával za Duklu Trenčín. Od sezóny 1995/96 úspešne pôsobil v českej extralige – prvý rok v Zlíne, ďalšie štyri v Třinci.
Rejki (podobne ako iné metódy) predpokladá existenciu energetických centier tela, tzv. čakier, a dráh - meridiánov. Ak sú čakry vyrovnané a v meridiánoch prúdi energia bez prekážok, je človek zdravý a vitálny.
Kýl lode bol položený v lodenici Mitsubishi v Nagasaki 4. novembra 1937 a spustená na vodu bola 8. augusta 1940. Štandardný výtlak bol 65 027 t, pričom plne vybavená až 72 800 ton. Prevzatá námorníctvom bola 16. decembra 1941.
Počas sezóny 2006-07, Vidič vytvoril stopérsku dvojicu s Rio Ferdinandom, táto dvojica je od tej doby jedna z najlepších v FA Premier League. V jeho prvej plnej sezóne za Manchester odohral 25 zápasov a ukončil sezónu výhrou svojho prvého titulu v PL.
Úplne posledný štúdiový album, ktorý skupina vydala sa nazýva The Endless River a vyšiel v roku 2014. Je to prvý album, na ktorom nehrá klavirista skupiny Richard Wright (zomrel v roku 2008, no napriek moderným technológiám je možné ho počuť na nahrávke) a tretí album bez basgitaristu Rogera Watersa. Je to hlavne inštrumentálna tvorba, výnimkou je posledná skladba „Louder than Words“, ktorej text napísala Gilmourova manželka, Polly Samson. Hlavný spev má David Gilmour.
Jednou z príčin nepriazne kresťanov k Hypátii bola jej krása a múdrosť, a postavenie, ktoré zastávala, ju robilo centrom pozornosti vo vzdelaných kruhoch v Alexandrii. Zaoberala sa matematikou, astronómiou a filozofiou. Pôsobila v Alexandrii ako prvá žena-učiteľka novoplatónskej filozofie. Najvýznamnejším z jej žiakov bol Synesios z Kyrény, ktorý ju v niekoľkých listoch chváli.
LG čondža (kór. LG전자, KRX: 066570, LSE: LGLD, medzinárodne vystupuje pod názvom LG Electronics) je juhokórejská a globálna technologická spoločnosť. Sídli na ostrove Yeouido v Soule. Prezident spoločnosti je Yong Nam.
Bojový oblek poskytuje zvysenu úroveň ochrany pre celé telo. Svojho nositela z časti chráni pred Basiliskovym drzanim a poskytuje mu imunitu voči všetkým votreleckym jedom. Hráč vybavený Battlesuitom môže navyše strielať z rotačného guľometu bez zvyseneho rozptylu. Nevýhody obleku spocivaju v znemozneni schopnosti skrčiť sa ci niesť Battery Pack alebo Jet Pack.
Názov albumu z Eclipse na Dark Side of the Moon bol zmenený preto, lebo v tomto období mala skupina Medicine Head vydaný album s týmto názvom. Názov Eclipse sa teda použil aspoň pri poslednej skomponovanej skladbe albumu.
Xantia X2 mala v sérií automatickú klimatizáciu s ručným ovládaním (automaticky udržiava zvolenú teplotu, prispôsobuje tomu ťah ventilátorov).
Titán je stále častejšie používaný v zariadeniach, ktoré dlhodobo pracujú v styku s morskou vodou. Môžu to byť súčasti lodí alebo ponoriek (lodné skrutky), ale i komponenty priemyslových celkov, slúžiacich na odsoľovanie (desalináciu) morskej vody.
Funkčné zariadenia sa skladajú z bezpečnostného priepadu, dnového výpustu a odberného zariadenia. Bezpečnostný priepad s hradiacim zariadením ja na pravej strane priehrady. Z priepadu a vývaru sa voda odvádza 84,2 m dlhým sklzom, ktorý má sklon 9,32% a vyúsťuje do koryta Holešky. Uzáver priepadu je klapka 6,2 x 1,7m. Pevnú časť tvorí 19,0 m dlhé betónové teleso.
Ľudia sú v hre Tremulous predstavovaní akousi vzorkou futuristického obyvateľstva, zdanlivo sa ponášajúceho na príslušníkov námornej pechoty. Pri stretnutiach s Votrelcami sa spoliehaju hlavne na svoju vyspelú techniku a spoluprácu v tíme. Ich základne su veľmi kompaktné, keďže su závisle na energií poskytovanej hlavným Reaktorom či distribuovanej Repeatermi a na svoju obranú používajú automatické obranné systémy.
Cez údolie Peklo nad osadou Karba pri Zahrádkách bol postavený vysoký viadukt, ktorý je dnes evidovaný ako technická pamiatka. Ďalšie zaujímavé viadukty boli postavené až v blízkosti Liberca. Stanice na trati boli budované pomerne veľké, výstavné a takmer všade boli staničné reštaurácie.
Práca bola vydaná v roku 1956 vo vydavateľstve ČSAV v Prahe. Má 1056 strán odborného textu. Vyšla v náklade 3300 výtlačkov. Obsahuje odborné znalosti a podáva informácie o hmyze z hľadiska potrieb poľnohospodárskej praxe. Je určená hlavne pre niektoré skupiny záujemcov: (študentov vysokých škol poľnohospodárskeho smeru na rozšírenie ich vedomostí z pohľadu inžiniera - agronóma, odborníka - fytopatológa, alebo poľnohospodárskeho výskumného pracovníka). Odborná publikácia bola spracovaná autorom podľa vtedajších najnovších zdrojov a poznatkov, ktoré získal štúdiom monografií a početných odborných článkov, ktoré boli rozptýlené v mnohých odborných časopisoch. Práca zachytávala v svojej dobe zhruba rozsah vtedajších odborných vedomostí, ktoré boli známe o poľnohospodárskej entomológii. Obrázky do práce nakreslila z väčšej časti manželka autora práce. Monografia obsahuje celkove 501 obrázkov, kresieb a tiež viacero tabuliek a systematických delení hmyzu.
Marek Bosnijak sa zúčastnil viacerých bitiek proti Turkom a za svoje zásluhy bol kráľom štedro odmeňovaný. Zúčastnil sa bojov proti Jánovi Zápoľskému. Na jeseň roku 1529 sa vyznamenal v bitke pri Viedni, v roku 1541 sa v bitke pri Székesfehervári dostal do tureckého zajatia, odkiaľ sa vyslobodil. V roku 1549 bol účastníkom trestnej výpravy kráľa Ferdinanda proti Matejovi Bašovi – majiteľovi Muránskeho hradu. Z účasti na nej vznikla Pieseň o Muránskom zámku, ktorej je autorom. Táto báseň patrí k historickým spevom a je jednou z prvých zachovaných veršovaných epických útvarov na Slovensku. Zaznamenal v nej historické fakty a takmer kronikárskym spôsobom zachytil otrasné udalosti okolo Mateja Bašu. Neskôr sa stal veliteľom na zámku v Bábolcsi (Maďarsko). Oženil sa s Magdalénou Földesovou, dcérou Jána Földesa, s ktorou mal tri deti – Andreasa, Annu a Žofiu.
Medikit dokáže po užití hráča uzdraviť spať do plneho zdravia, to sa však doplna priebežne. Každý hráč môže naraz niesť iba jeden medikit, po jeho vyčerpaní sa však môže zastaviť v Medistation a po vyliečení si vyzdvihnúť nový.
Repeater sluzi na distribuciu energie okolitym stavbam, ak je niekde na mape postavený aj reaktor. Dokáže poskytnúť aj energiu pre energetické zbrane a jeho funkčná vzdialenosť od reaktoru je neobmedzená, bez neho však svoju funkčnosť straca.
18. novembra 1961 však nemecký pediater Widukind Lenz vo svojom prejave na zasadnutí Rýn-vestfáltských detských lekárov prvýkrát naznačil možnú súvislosť medzi zvýšením počtu novorodencov s vrodenou vývojovou chybou a užívaním tohto liečiva. Šetrením bol za vinníka označený liek Contergan, ktorý tehotné ženy užívali ako dobre účinné sedatívum a hypnotikum.
Turnaj slúžil ako kvalifikácia mužských družstiev na Panamerické majstrovstvá mužov 2014, ktoré sa uskutočnia v Uruguaji. Kvalifikoval sa na ne iba víťaz.
Telekomunikačná sieť je sieť terminálov, kanálov a uzlov, ktoré sú spoločne prepojené a umožňujú telekomunikáciu medzi užívateľmi terminálov. Sieť môže využívať technológie prepojovanie okruhov alebo prepojovanie paketov. Každý terminál v sieti musí mať jedinečnú sieťovú adresu, aby správa alebo spojenie odkazovalo na správneho a nezameniteľného príjemcu. Celý rozsah adries v sieti sa nazýva adresný priestor.
Hlavnú výzbroj predstavovali štyri kanóny Hispano-Suiza HS.404 kalibru 20 mm a každý z nich mal v zásobníku 125 ks nábojov. Ouragan bol viacúčelovým lietadlom, určeným aj na ničenie pozemných cieľov. Preto bol vyzbrojený aj neriadenými raketami typu vzduch-zem a konvenčnými voľne padajúcimi bombami. Lietadlo mohlo niesť 16 rakiet Brandt T-10 s priemerom 105 mm alebo dva kontajnery Matra s 18 raketami SNEB, ktoré mali priemer 68 mm. V prípade potreby mohli byť rakety nahradené bombami s hmotnosťou 227 kg alebo 454 kg.
Manínska tiesňava je národná prírodná rezervácia, ktorá sa nachádza neďaleko Považskej Teplej, ktorá je dnes súčasťou mesta Považská Bystrica. Bola vyhlásená v roku 1967 s rozlohou 117,63 ha a ochranným pásmom 70,49 ha v geomorfologickej jednotke Súľovské vrchy.
Prvá písomná zmienka o učiteľovi v obci je z roku 1866. Na základe zákonného článku č. 38/1868 bola v Nižnom Hrabovci postavená prvá budova štátnej ľudovej školy. V roku 1947 bola v obci zriadená štátna meštianska škola. V nasledujúcom roku sa ľudové školy premenili na národné (ročníky 1 – 5) a meštianske školy na školy stredné (so 4 ročníkmi). V roku 1953 boli národné, a stredné školy zlúčené a vznikli osemročné školy.
Predmetom ochrany je: Ochrana dnes už pomerne vzácnych súvislých porastov trstinových spoločenstiev. Možnosť sledovania zazemňovacieho procesu v jeho posledných fázach. Výskyt močiarnych a vlhkomilných druhov rastlín, hniezdisko močiarneho a trstinového vtáctva.
Kráter má priemer 2,35 km, pôvodná hĺbka je 240 m a jeho vek sa dohaduje na 550 ± 100 miliónov rokov. V času dopadu prebiehalo na Zemi obdobie Ediakaru. Teleso, ktoré ho vytvorilo malo priemer asi 100 metrov a do Zeme vrazilo rýchlosťou 15 km/s (55 000 km/h). Severná stena je značne zerodovaná a leží nižšie ako južná.
Navštevoval Auckland Grammar School. Každodenná cesta do školy mu trvala vyše dvoch hodín, ktoré trávil čítaním. Ako chlapec bol menší ako jeho spolužiaci a veľmi hanblivý, preto hľadal útočisko v knihách a v snoch plných dobrodružstiev. Počas školského výletu v Ruapehu sa ako šestnásťročný nadchol pre horolezectvo. Zistil, že jeho neohrabaná postava je fyzicky silná a že je omnoho odolnejší, ako väčšina jeho rovesníkov.
Česi sú v Rumunsku jednou z menej významných menšín, roztrúsene žije najmä v regióne Banát okolo 4000 osôb (v roku 2002 presne 3938). Česi majú v Rumunskom parlamente zastúpenie spolu so Slovákmi, pomocou organizácie Demokratický zväz Čechov a Slovákov v Rumunsku. Zástupcom Čechov a Slovákov je Adrian Merka. Miestnymi sú nazývaní „Pemi“, čo je názov, pochádzajúci od oficiálneho „Boemi“, čo vlastne znamená Česi (Čechy sú po latinsky Bohemia).
V obci boli známe viaceré zemepánske rody: Malonyai (Malonai), Mauks (Mauksch, Mauchs, Maugsch, Maukisch), Liszkai (Liskai), Balassa (Balaša).
V roku 2002 americká agentúra NASA v rámci programu Explorer vypustila umelú družicu RHESSI, určenú na sledovanie a výskum slnečných erupcií.
Okrem iného je obec známa tým, že sa tu nachádza Detská psychiatrická liečebňa. Kedysi bol v tejto liečebni počas 2. svetovej vojny internačný tábor. Budovu liečebne tvorí kaštieľ a pristavané budovy. Kaštieľ bol postavený v roku 1903 grófom Almassym. Vraj ho neskôr prehral v kartách. Neskôr ho zoštátnili, do 2. svetovej vojny tam bola psychiatrická liečebňa.
1923 Na štíte bola vztýčená štátna kovová vlajka. Slávnostný prejav mal školský inšpektor Miloš Janoška. O rok neskôr vlajku zničila víchrica.
Častkovce sú obec na Slovensku v okrese Nové Mesto nad Váhom. Prvá písomná zmienka je z roku 1392. Kaštieľ bol postavený v roku 1640, zvonica je z druhej polovice 18. storočia. Rímskokatolícka kaplnka sv. Cyrila a Metoda je z roku 1880.
Cesta I. triedy 37 je cesta I. triedy v Česku dlhá 145,367 km, ktorá spája mestá Trutnov, Dvůr Králové nad Labem, Hradec Králové, Pardubice, Chrudim, Ždírec nad Doubravou, Žďár nad Sázavou a Velká Bíteš.
Pravostranné: kanál od osady Pláne, Nacinoveský kanál, Vybúchanec, Stará Duša, Suchý potok, kanál vznikajúci na východnom okraji obce Suché, potok pretekajúci obcou Pozdišovce, občasný tok tečúci cez Laškovce, kanál začínajúci severne od obce Trhovište, kanál pritekajúci od obce Ložín, Dúbravský kanál, tri kanály začínajúce východne od obce Slavkovce, Močiarny kanál
Atol je pomenovaný podľa kapitána Jamesa Johnstona, ktorý ho údajne objavil 10. decembra 1807. 2. septembra 1796 však na ostrove pristála plachetnica pod velením Josepha Pierponta, ale atol nepomenovala.
„Svet lásku má“ - Pavol Habera a Peter Dvorský a Karel Gott - (Pavol Habera / Daniel Hevier, taliansky text - B. Hečko) - album: Svet lásku má (1996),
Richards mal nepríjemny pocit, že riff sa príliš podobá na skladbu „Dancing in the Street“ od skupiny Martha and the Vandellas (skladbu, ktorej coveverziu nahral Jagger spolu s Davidom Bowiem v roku 1985 ako charitatívny single).
Žimrovice (nem. Zimrowitz) je dedina, časť mesta Hradec nad Moravicí, v okrese Opava v Moravsko-sliezskom kraji. Rozkladá sa na ľavom brehu rieky Moravice približne 2,5 km juhozápadne od Hradca nad Moravicí. V Žimroviciach žilo k roku 2001 734 obyvateľov. V obci sa nachádza Základná škola a Materská škola Žimrovice. Sídlo základnej školy sa nachádza na ulici Meleček.
V roku 2006 sa Zelmerlöw zúčastnil prvej sezóny švédskej verzie tanečnej súťaže „Let's Dance“, ktorú so svojou tanečnou partnerkou Mariou Karlssonovou vyhral. V tom istom roku sa predstavil v hlavnej úlohe ako Danny Zuko vo švédskej podobe muzikálu „Pomáda“, vďaka čomu podpísal nahrávaciu zmluvu s M&L Records (divízia Warner Music Sweden) a vydal svoj prvý sólový album.
Spadávka je presah dokumentu určeného pre tlač. Spadávka sa pri knihárskom spracovaní oreže z dokumentu. Jej funkcia je znižovanie nepresností pri oreze dokumentov, ktorým presahujú časti grafiky alebo fotografií mimo okraj, brožúram a knihám, ktorým sa po zošití zarovnávajú z troch strán okraje a dokumentom určeným na vyseknutie výsekovou formou (napr. krabičky). Spadávka býva spravidla široká 3 až 5 mm a to zo všetkých strán dokumentu. Vnútorný a vonkajší okraj spadávky označujú tenké linky - orezové značky.
Lixos bol jedným z päťdesiatich synov egyptského kráľa Aigypta. Jeho otec sa rozhodol, že svojich synov ožení s päťdesiatimi dcérami svojho brata Danaa, ktorý bol kráľ susednej Líbye. Keďže Danaos s tým nesúhlasil, vypovedal mu Aigyptos vojnu a porazil ho. Danaos nato ušiel s dcérami do Argu na Poloponéze, ale Aigyptos sa so svojimi synmi za ním vypravil a k svadbe ho prinútil.
V októbri 1963 bol Aldrin vybraný do tretej skupiny astronautov. Jeho seriózny a intelektuálny prístup bol pri plánovaní misií Gemini neoceniteľný, ale Aldrin nebol vybraný do žiadnej z posádok. Až po tragickej smrti hlavnej posádky Gemini 9 sa zo záložnej posádky stala hlavná a do novej záložnej posádky bol vybraný Aldrin. Do vesmíru sa po prvýkrát dostal ako člen posádky Gemini 12, poslednej misie projektu Gemini. V roku 1969 sa zúčastnil ako pilot lunárneho modulu misie Apollo 11 a vstúpil, po Neilovi Armstrongovi, ako druhý človek na povrch Mesiaca.
Nebol to priamo vývoj spätý s vývojom stredných tankov T20, ale podobou a vzhľadom sú si podobné. Tank T21 bol návrh tanku, ktorý mal byť nástupcom ľahkých tankov M3 a M5 (Stuart). Bol založený na trupe a podvozku stredných tankov typu T20, ale ktorého pancierovanie bolo len 30 mm. Bol osadený delom 76 mm a vážil 24 ton. Návrh bol pripravený, ale tank bol uznaný ako príliš ťažký na zaradenie do triedy ľahkých tankov. Nakoniec bol koncept tanku T21 nahradený programom pre vývoj tanku T24, ktorý bol neskôr štandardizovaný ako tank M24 Chaffee.
Turnaj zároveň slúžil ako kvalifikácia na Majstrovstvá sveta 2003, ktoré sa uskutočnili v Holandsku. Kvalifikovalo sa na ne najprv najlepších 8 družstiev, pričom prvé 4 družstvá postúpili priamo do 2. kola MS. Neskôr sa kvóta pre Európu zvýšila na 10 družstiev.
Štadión dostal pomenovanie po jednom z najpopulárnejších ruských vrchov. Hora „Fišt“ s výškou 2 867 m n. m. sa rozprestiera na západnom okraji pohoria Veľký Kaukaz na území Adygejska v Krasnodarskom kraji v Ruskej federácii. Z dejiska Zimných olympijských hier 2014, z mesta Soči a Krasnej Poľany je na tento štít, ako aj na celý Kaukaz impozantný pohľad. Fišt v adygejčine znamená „Biela inovať“, „Biela hlava“, resp. „Sivohlavec“, čo sa vzťahuje na ľadovce, ktoré pokrývajú stráne hory. Tieto ľadovce boli zároveň inšpiráciou pre vzhľad štadióna.
Vodné dielo Čerenec na potoku Holeška sa nachádza severozápadne od mesta Vrbové po obec Prašník. Je vybudované pre zníženie povodňovej vlny Holešky a Dudváhu, zabezpečenia odberu vody pre priemysel a poľnohospodárstvo, nadlepšenia minimálnych prietokov Holešky a vytvorenia podmienok pre rekreáciu.
Staršie názvy obce boli: 1413 – Haraboch, 1436 – Harabovecz, 1447 – Harabócz, 1448 – Harabocz, 1598 a 1666 – Hrabócz, 1733 – Hraboc, 1746 a 1749 – Hrabocz, 1773 – Hrabocz, Hrabócz, Nisny Hrabowecz, 1850 Unter-Hrabócz, 1867 – Alsó Hrabócz, Ňižni Hrabovec, 1869 – Alsó-Hrabóc, 1873 – Alsó Hrabócz, 5. 11. 1883 – Alsó-Hrabácz, 1892 – Alsó-Hrabócz, 1900 – Alsóhrabócz, 22. 3. 1905 a 1910 – Alsógyertyán, 1921 – 30 – Nižní Hrabovec, 1950 – Nižný Hrabovec.
Demá k novej doske skupiny boli zverejnené na webových stránkach v auguste 2010 a neskôr ATL v jednom rozhovore potvrdili, ktoré nahrávky budú a nebudú na albume. Menej než za rok, v júni 2011, bol vydaný štvrtý štúdiový album Dirty Work. Album mal vyjsť už v marci, ale bola vydaná neskôr kvôli prechodu k Intercsope.
Majstrovstvá prebiehajú v 18 disciplínach, 10 individuálnych a 8 tímových (tzv. hliadkach). Najmladšou disciplínou je disciplína doublekanoe žien, ktorá bola zaradená do programu ME v roku 2017.
All Time Low vydali ich druhý štúdiový album So Wrong, It's Right v septembri 2007 a boli s ním na šiestom mieste v rebríčku Indipendent Albums. Druhý singel z albumu, "Dear Maria, Count Me In", ktorý bol napísaný o striptérke, bol prvý singel kapely, ktorý dosiahol 86. miesto v rebríčku Pop 100. 9. marca 2009 dostal singel zlaté ocenenie.
Posledné dve scény zachytávajú dve významné epizódy z Mojžišovho života: vľavo hore sa Mojžišovi zjavuje Boh v podobe horiaceho kra a prikazuje mu zobuť si sandále, vľavo dole ho vidíme na čele svojho národa ako ho vyvádza z egyptského zajatia.
Tin Pan Alley je spoločným označením pre newyorské hudobné vydavateľstvo, ktoré stálo pri zrode hudobného priemyslu v Spojených štátoch amerických na začiatku 20. storočia. Termín pochádza podľa zvuku (doslovne sa dá nazvať ako „ulička cínových panvíc“), ktorý sa vinul z okien hudobných vydavateľstiev, ktoré sa nachádzajú medzi Broadway a 6. Avenue na Manhattane. Počiatky tohto fenoménu sa datujú okolo roku 1885, neskôr v 50. rokoch 20 storočia už Tin Pan Alley stráca vplyv nad predajom hudby a autorskými právami a zaniká. Koniec Tin Pan Alley súvisí so vznikom iného vnímania zábavy, predovšetkým nástupom rock and rollu a televízie. Tin Pan Alley zrodila éru prvých autorov populárnej hudby, ktorých tvorbu charakterizuje fúzia jazzovej a pouličnej hudby, a preto sú niekedy títo autori označovaní tiež ako skladatelia z Tin Pan Alley.
V takomto hypertonickom prostredí má bunka tendenciu vyrovnať koncentráciu, a tak sa voda z bunky dostáva do prostredia, čiže bunka je vysušovaná.
Karím Alamí (arab. كريم علمي) alebo Karím al-Alamí (كريم العلمي ‎, * 24. máj 1973, Casablanca) je bývalý marocký profesionálny tenista. Počas svojej kariéry vyhral 2 turnaje ATP v dvojhre.
Brokovnica patrí k tým uzitocnejsim zbraniam, hlavne proti vacsim cielom. Vzhľadom na jej velký rozptyl je na diaľku nepouzitelna, zato na krátku vzdialenosť patrí k najsilnejsim zbraniam. Jedinou nevýhodou je jej malý zásobník.
Počas svojej kariéry nastupoval aj za kluby Nashville Predators, New York Rangers, Atlanta Thrashers, a New York Islanders. Získal ocenenie William M. Jennings Trophy v roku 1996.
^ Fotografia objektu. Kliknutím na obrázok sa zobrazí zväčšený náhľad. Nahratím obrázku na Wikimedia Commons sa tento zoznam nijako nezmení, takže v prípade potreby treba upraviť tento zoznam tak, aby sa nahratý obrázok zobrazil aj tu.
„Rozprávka je ako soľ“ - Pavol Habera a Miro Noga a Miro Džunko a Szidi Tobias a Soňa Norisová a Zuzana Norisová a Janka Hospodárová - (Július Kinček / Daniel Hevier) - album: Soľ nad zlato (2000),
V kultúre sa za underground niekedy označuje aj kult nezávislosti na komerčnom úspechu. Undergroundoví umelci vo všeobecnosti veľmi málo ba niekedy vôbec nereagujú na hlavné kultúrne prúdy, nezáleží im na zviditeľňovaní a na osobnej propagácii.
Deneb Kaitos (Difda, β Cet/β Ceti) je najjasnejšia hviezda v súhvezdí Veľryba, jasnejšia ako Alfa Ceti. Názov Deneb Kaitos znamená „chvost veľryby“, názov Difda zase „žaba“. Deneb Kaitos leží južne od Pegasovho štvorca a dve hviezdy zo štvorca, Sirrah a Algenib ukazujú viac-menej smer k nej. Ľudia si ju často mýlia s hviezdou Fomalhaut zo súhvezdia Južná ryba, je však o magnitúdu slabšia.
„Pokoj vám (God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen)“ - (ľudová pieseň, úprava Juraj Tatár / ľudová pieseň, úprava Daniel Hevier) - album: Svet lásku má (1996),
Bílá Lhota je obec v Česku v okrese Olomouc v Olomouckom kraji. 1. januára 2012 tu žilo 1 121 obyvateľov, z toho 578 mužov a 543 žien, pričom priemerný vek v obci bol 41,7 roka (muži 40,1 roka, ženy 43,4 roka).
Publilius Syrus (1. storočie pred Kr.) bol rímsky autor mimov a výrokov. Narodil sa v Sýrii, odkiaľ bol privedený do Ríma ako otrok. Jeho duchaplnosť a vtip mu vyslúžili prepustenie. Publius potom pôsobil v hereckej skupine, pre ktorú písal jednoduché hry a sám v nich vystupoval. Jeho divadelná spoločnosť sa zúčastnila aj hier poriadaných roku 46 pred Kr. Júliom Caesarom. Za svoj výstup tu získal Publilius Syrus ocenenie od samotného Caesara.
Železničná trať Lovosice - Česká Lípa hl. n. (v cestovnom poriadku pre cestujúcich označená číslom 087) je jednokoľajová regionálna trať vedúca z Lovosíc do Českej Lípy hl. n. cez Litoměřice horná stanica. Prevádzka na trati bola zahájená v roku 1898 a trvá dodnes.
Wartberg im Mürztal bola do 31. decembra 2014 samostatná obec v Rakúsku v spolkovej krajine Štajersko v okrese Bruck-Mürzzuschlag. 1. januára 2015 bola obec Wartberg im Mürztal spojená s trhovými obcami Veitsch a Mitterdorf im Mürztal. Spojená trhová obec má názov Sankt Barbara im Mürztal.
Reprezentoval Česko-Slovensko na svetovom šampionáte do 20 rokov v roku 1991, kde zaznamenal 4 góly a 4 asistencie a pomohol vybojovať bronzovú medailu.. Zúčastnil sa ZOH 1994 (6. miesto), v úvodnom zápase proti Švédsku (4:4) strelil prvý gól Slovenska v histórii olympijských hier. Členom reprezentačného výberu bol aj na MS C 1994, ktoré sa konali v Poprade a Spišskej Novej Vsi, MS B 1995 v Bratislave, MS 1996, MS 1997 a MS 1998, hral aj na neúspešnej kvalifikačnej časti v rámci ZOH 1998 v Nagane.
Balance mod ma za cieľ hru viac vyvážiť, podla názoru väčšiny však zlepšenia rovnováhu sil naklanaju skôr na stranu Lúdi. V podstate ide o výmenu niekoľkých zvukov a pridanie novej vybavy (napr. Tranquilizer Saw ci Xael Cannon). Mod je nezávisle vyvyjany hracom s prezyvkou Risujin. Mod je prístupný na serveri Trem Balance a iných, pričom nastavenia jednotlivých serverov, a tým aj obsah modifikácie, su zcasti odlišne.
óda od Ľ. J. Haana v Pamätnici prešovskej spoločnosti (1838) a od J. Záborského v Žehrách (1851); rukopisná pozostalosť v Literárnom archíve Matice slovenskej
vertical search engine - vyhľadáva len v určitej téme (napr. šport, zdravie, povolanie) alebo pre určitú cieľovú skupinu (napr. vedci, deti)
Rozhodnutím prokuratúry Ukrajinskej SSR č. 1067/1989 z 16. júna 1989 bol prípad Jána Kellnera (arch. č. 64851) zahrnutý pod výnos Prezídia vrchného sovietu ZSSR z 16. januára 1989 o obetiach prenasledovania v 30., 40. a začiatku 50 rokov, čím bol Ján Kellner posmrtne rehabilitovaný.
Petschkov palác (Pečkov palác, Pečkárna) je novoklasicistická budova na Ulici Politických väzňov č. 20 v Prahe. V rokoch 1923 – 1929 ho dal postaviť, podľa návrhov architekta Maxa Spielmanna, bankár dr. Julius Petschek ako Bankovní dům Petschek a spol.
Katalóg spektier je katalóg hviezd so zmeranými spektrami. Prvý katalóg, ktorý obsahuje údaje o spektrálnych typoch hviezd podľa dodnes používanej klasifikácie, je Henry Draper Catalogue (HD) z rokov 1918-1924 (223 000 hviezd jasnejších ako 9,5m), ekvinokcium 1900,0. Známy je Potsdamer Spektraldurchmusterung (PSD) z rokov 1929-1938, zostavený F. Beckerom, H. A. Brückom a M. L. Humasonom, a päťdielny Bergedorfer Spektraldurchmusterung (BSD) z r. 1935-1953, zostavený A. Schwassmannom a A. A. Wachmannom. Novší je Atlas of Stellar Spectra od W. W. Morgana, P. Ch. Keenana a E. Kellmanovej z roku 1943, zrevidovaný roku 1953. Obsahuje spektrá štandardných hviezd podľa úplnej dvojrozmernej klasifikácie hviezdnych spektier; podľa autorov sa označuje aj ako katalóg MKK.
1905 Prvý zimný výstup: K. Jordán, J. Chmielowski a vodcovia Klimek Bachleda, J. Franz a P. Spitzkopf. Vystúpili Krčmárovým žľabom, zostúpili Batizovským žľabom. V tom istom roku prešiel celým severným hrebeňom cez Litvorové veže a Zadný Gerlach na vrchol Dr. A. Martin. Je to dodnes známa „Martinka“.
Vďaka svojej vysokej chemickej stálosti sa titán v okolitom prostredí nevyskytuje v takej forme, ktorá by mohla byť metabolizovaná živými organizmami. Nie je preto známe žiadne zapojenie titánu do enzymatických reakcií alebo jeho iné biologické uplatnenie, preto je „biokompatibilný“ - v organizme nevyvoláva žiadnu obrannú reakciu.
V januári 1972 mal v The Dome v Brightone, Pink Floyd premiéru s novým plánovaným albumom, ktorý mal pracovný názov Eclipse. Na tomto projekte pracoval Roger Waters tri mesiace.
ČEPS, a. s. je energetická spoločnosť, ktorá zaisťuje prenos elektrickej energie z a do zahraničia a medzi výrobcami a distribútormi. Základom skratky je Česká energetická přenosová soustava ČEPS vlastní a prevádzkuje 5 610 km elektrických vedení. V roku 2015 spoločnosť preniesla 65,570 GWh elektrickej energie.
Zelmerlöw bol od svojho víťazstva v národnom finále jedným z favoritov súťaže Eurovision Song Contest. Ako adepta na celkové víťazstvo ho uvádzala väčšina stávkových spoločností. Zelmerlöw sa predstavil v druhom semifinále 21. mája 2015, ktoré vyhral a postúpil do finále. Zelmerlöw nakoniec vyhral aj finále s počtom 365 bodov. Jeho pieseň získala tretie najvyššie skóre v histórii súťaže.
Na vrchole kopca sa nachádza drevená rozhľadňa vysoká 20 metrov. Bola postavená v roku 2001 za finančnej pomoci miest Pezinok a Modra a fondu PHARE na návrh pána Milana Ružeka. Výraznou mierou pri stavbe pomohli skauti.
Jednosmerná komunikácia je komunikácia medzi objektom A a B, keď existuje iba prenos informácie z objektu A na objekt B alebo iba prenos informácie z objektu B na objekt A.
Priame parasympatomimetiká ako karbachol, betanechol, pilokarpín alebo arekolín pôsobia priamo na muskarínergných acetylcholínových receptoroch. Predlžujú nervové signály. Endogénny transmiter acetylcholín by sa na farmakoterapiu nehodil, pretože by bol v priebehu milisekúnd inaktivovaný cholínesterázou. Patria sem
Prvý sólový album Richarda Scheuflera vyšiel v roku 2001 v českej i anglickej verzii pod názvom V rukou Tvých / In your hands, na ktorom sa predstavil ako skladateľ, sólový spevák, aranžér a hudobný producent. Druhý sólový album Between us vznikal v rokoch 2004 až 2008 a Richard ho vydal pod lablom Scheufler's Records v roku 2008. Album obsahuje 16 skladieb naspievaných v angličtine a inštrumentálne skladby, ktoré vznikli v spolupráci s niekoľkými ďalšími umelcami (syn Richard, Ted Whang, Peter Boška, Jiří Neužil, Štěpán Škoch, Andrea Kolmanová, Markéta Rohanová a.i.).
Hypátia „s rozumom Atény, postavou Héry, krásou Afrodity“ bola poslednou hviezdou antiky, svietiacou svojím prenikavým svetlom na uhasínajúcej oblohe. Po jej smrti však upadla alexandrijská škola a vláda kresťanov bola úplná. V celom Grécku sa už neobjavil nikto, kto by pokračoval vo veľkej a slávnej práci gréckych matematikov.
27. máj 2005 – zaregistroval na ministerstve vnútra SR novú politickú stranu pod názvom Misia 21 – Nová kresťanská demokracia (Misia 21), od 14. septembra 2006 sa zmenil názov na MISIA 21 – Hnutie kresťanskej solidarity
Počas 2. svetovej vojny bol od roku 1943 navigátorom Novozélandských kráľovských vzdušných síl (RNZAF). Slúžil na lietajúcich člnoch Consolidated PBY Catalina. V roku 1945 jeho jednotka operovala na Fidži a Šalamúnovych ostrovoch, kde bol ťažko popálený pri námornej nehode. Následne sa vrátil na Nový Zéland.
Táto historka sa uvádza ako jeden z dôvodov, impulzov pre vznik ďalšieho Rogerovho projektu, ktorý sa zapísal do rockovej histórie, albumu The Wall. Roger mal vtedy rozpracovaný aj album The Pros And Cons Of Hitch Hiking. Tieto dve diela priniesol ostatným členom skupiny. Mal zámer jeden použiť pre vlastný album a druhý nahrať so skupinou. Skupina považovala tému albumu The Pros And Cons Of Hitch Hiking za príliš osobnú, tak ho vylúčila a vybrala projekt The Wall.
Názov je odvodený od obce Gerlachov, nad ktorou je situovaný a patril i do jej chotára. Listina z roku 1326 podáva svedectvo, že Gerlachov zakladali bratia Ján, Mikuláš, Peter a Štefan, synovia Gerlacha zo Spišskej Soboty. Bolo to na základe kráľovskej donácie po tatárskych vpádoch. Do územia patril aj masív hory, ktorú, podľa vtedajšieho zvyku, pomenovali podľa majiteľov územia - Gerlachovské hory ( v najstarších latinských prameňoch Gerlachfalvenses montes). Až oveľa neskôr, keď bolo potrebné bližšie a detailnejšie pomenovať jednotlivé body masívu, sa názvy začali meniť. Dlho najvyšší končiar spolu s Kotlovým štítom mal spoločné meno. Domáci horali volali terajší Kotlový štít spolu s Gerlachovským štítom Kotlový vrch alebo Na kotlu. V mape severného Spiša od Floriána Czakiho z roku 1760 je Gerlachovský štít zakreslený ako Kösselberg ( Kesselberg). Keď však Ľudovít Greiner, keď zmeral výšku štítu a zistil, že je najvyšší spomedzi tatranských vrcholov, bolo potrebné odlíšiť ho od ostatných vrcholov samostatným názvom. V slovenskej literatúre sa po prvý raz spomína vo viedenských Slovenských novinách z roku 1851 ako Gerlachovský chochol.
Od západu na východ, teda od sedla Biela lávka nasleduje: Malá Zbojnícka veža, Malá Zbojnícka štrbina, Prostredná Zbojnícka veža, Veľká Zbojnícka štrbina, Veľká Zbojnícka veža a Zbojnícke sedlo (asi 2360 m). Na sever ich steny spadajú do Zadnej Javorovej doliny na juh do Veľkej Studenej doliny, oblasť Strelecké polia.
Grafická karta: 1024x768x16 mil. farieb s min. 512 MB RAM (1GB pre väčšie scény). Podporujúca DirectX 10 alebo 9.0c (Shader Model 3.0) popr. OpenGL (využije sa nVidia CUDA), DVD-ROM, počítačová myš
V októbri 2004 prijal Richard ponuku na spoluprácu od firmy MusicData (distribútor zosilňovačov Hughes & Kettner) týkajúcu sa aparátov Quantum, ktoré prezentoval na svojich sólových koncertoch, seminároch a hudobných veľtrhoch. Spolupracuje tiež s firmou Alexim na prezentácii analógových efektov a strún švédskej firmy EBS. V roku 2007 nadviazal spoluprácu s firmou Roland a maďarským výrobcom ručne vyrábaných gitár Fibenare, ktorý od roku 2006 vyvíjal pre Richarda šesťstrunný model Fibenare Standard RS MIDI - basgitaru, ktorá využíva analógový a digitálny signál. Richardova zbierka nástrojov okrem toho zahŕňa signované modely firmy K&K, s ktorou spolupracuje od roku 1997, sú to:
Roku 1984 hneď po vydaní albumu The Final Cut sa Roger Waters pustil do realizácie The Pros and Cons of Hitch Hiking a David Gilmour v tom čase pracoval na svojom novom sólovom albume About Face. Obidva albumy boli vydané v roku 1984 a obidva dosiahli 30. pozíciu v rebríčku Billboardu. V tom čase David hovoril: „existujú traja z nás, ktorí by sa mohli nazvať Pink Floyd, no nikto z nás nemá v pláne v tejto chvíli spolupracovať na žiadnom spoločnom projekte..“ (myslel tým Rogera, Davida a Nicka). Obidvaja, Gilmour a Waters sa pustili na koncertné turné, ale so slabým finančným úspechom.
Na konci 19. storočia, sa začalo diskutovať o výstavbe observatória na niektorom z tatranských štítov. Uvažovalo sa o Slavkovskom štíte, ktorý má široký vrchol, na ktorom by sa dala pohodlne postaviť budova observatória. O tejto myšlienke sa v roku 1896 diskutovalo najmä v Uhorskom karpatskom spolku. Na výstavbu chýbali finančné zdroje. S novou myšlienkou po prvej svetovej vojne prišiel Michal Guhr, majiteľ kúpeľov v Tatranskej Polianke, ktorý ju predniesol na zasadnutí vedenia kežmarského Karpatského spolku (Karpathenverein). Dňa 2. augusta 1922, na svojom zasadnutí, vedenie spolku odporučilo namiesto Slavkovského štítu vhodnejší Gerlachovský štít, lebo je vyšší o 210 metrov. Michal Guhr mal dobrý dôvod na stavbu observatória. Visutá lanovka z Tatranskej Polianky by zatraktívnila nielen osadu, ale aj jeho liečebne. Bolo však potrebné získať finančné prostriedky, podporu vlády, vedeckých a turistických organizácií. Projekt výstavby observatória sa nakoniec neuskutočnil. O niekoľko rokov neskôr prednosť dostali aj s podporou vlády, Skalnaté pleso a Lomnický štít.
Autodesk 3ds Max (64-bitová) aplikácia je optimalizovaná pre Windows 7/8, plne podporuje multithreading, OpenGL a DirectX a 3D funkcie procesorov Pentium-4 / Athlon. Pre rendering je využívané jadro Mental Ray. Sú podporované rendering farmy. Do programu je zabudovaná podpora viacjadrových procesorov a viac-procesorových systémov.
Hra Makruk je veľmi populárna v Thajsku a Kambodži. V týchto krajinách je populárnejšia ako šach. Približne dva milióny obyvateľov Thajska vie hrať Makruk, z toho približne 5000 vie hrať aj šach.
Aithalides bol hlásateľom Argonautov. Od svojho otca Herma dostal schopnosť pamätať si všetko, dokonca aj v podsvetí. Antický autor Apollónios Rodský zaznamenal, že Aithalides žil striedavo na zemi a v podsvetí a pamätal si všetko zo svojich minulých životov.
Booster plni 2 významne funkcie: zdvojnásobuje rýchlosť prirodzenej regenerácie Votrelcov vo svojej blízkosti a taktiež im na krátky čas poskytuje jed, ktorý zasiahnutým cieľom spôsobuje kontinuálne zranenie.
V rokoch 2002 – 2010 bol zároveň v mestskom zastupiteľstve Bratislavy za volebný obvod Petržalka. Pôsobil ako člen komisie dopravy a informačných systémov. V roku 2005 bol tiež zvolený za Kresťanskodemokratické hnutie za poslanca krajského zastupiteľstva vo voľbách v roku 2005 v okrese Bratislava V.
Basilisk sa odolnosťou aj silou útoku zaraduje medzi slabšie kasty, navyše nedisponuje prilišnou rýchlosťou pohybu a predstavuje už väčší cieľ. Podobne ako dretch však dokáže liezť po stenách a navyše Lúdi v blízkosti uchopí a zabraní tak ich pohybu a otacaniu (Ľudia s Battlesuitom sa ale otáčať môžu).
V polovici roku 1966 sa skupina prezentovala v undergroundových kluboch ako UFO a Marquee Clubs štýlom spontánneho undergroundu. Bolo to v období keď ich hudobný štýl prechádzal od hrania psychedelickej hudby R&B coververzií po ich vlastnú tvorbu, takmer výlučne tvorenú Sydom Barretom.
Stredoamerický pohár v hádzanej 2013, nazývaný ako Copa El Salvador, bol pohár stredoamerických krajín v hádzanej mužov a žien, ktorý organizovala Panamerická hádzanárska federácia (PATHF). Konal sa v meste San Salvádor, v Salvádore od 10. – 14. decembra 2013, za účasti 5 mužských a 6 ženských tímov. Pôvodne sa na turnaji malo objaviť aj družstvo mužov Panamy. Ženský turnaj bol neoficiálny a zúčastnili sa ho aj nereprezentačné tímy. Zápasy sa odohrali v 2 arénach: En el Palacio de los Deportes a En la Villa CARI. V mužskom turnaji zvíťazila Guatemala.
Je známych iba 18 nekovov, zatiaľ čo kovov je známych vyše 80, no koncentrácia nekovov na Zemi je podstatne vyššia ako koncentrácia kovov. Organizmy sú tiež tvorené prevažne nekovmi.
6. apríla 1945, Jamato vyplával na svoju poslednú plavbu pod velením admirála Seiiči Itóa k Okinave na ktorej sa vylodili sily USA. V blízkosti Okinavy sa nachádzalo približne 1 000 plavidiel, ktoré podporovali americkú inváziu. Táto plavba bola označená ako operácia Ten-Go.
Tvarožná (okres Brno-venkov) je obec v Česku v okrese Brno-venkov v Juhomoravskom kraji. 1. januára 2012 tu žilo 1 222 obyvateľov, z toho 592 mužov a 630 žien, pričom priemerný vek v obci bol 40,9 roka (muži 39,7 roka, ženy 42,0 roka).
Vzhľadom na to, ze Tremulous je on-line hrou, dochadze v nej k mnohym problemom typickym pre podobne hry, ide predovšetkým o problémy systémove a komunitne. Medzi tie systémove patria problémy s pripojenim k serverom a následne aj oneskorená odozva a strata plynulosti hry (lag). Hra stále obsahuje značne množstvo chyb (bugs), ktoré hru dôkazu pokaziť alebo v niektorých pripadoch spôsobiť dočasný výpadok serveru. Stabilita hry je teda diskutabilna, väčšinou sa však prílišne problémy z tejto strany nevyskytuju. Oveľa väčšie problémy sa vyskytuje v samotnej hráčskej komunite. Existuje hneď niekoľko hlavných problémov. Medzi ne patria problémy typické pre vacsinu hier, ako háčkovanie, spamovanie (ci flooding), explicitne urážanie (flaming), zneužívanie prav správcov serveru (admin rights abuse) a všeobecne neadekvátne chovanie (griefing). V hre Tremulous sa vyskytuju aj problémy špecifické pre tuto hru ci žáner FPS celkovo.
Konzervatórium v Bratislave bolo založené 6. novembra 1919 ako prvá škola svojho druhu vychovávajúca profesionálnych umelcov na Slovensku. Položilo tak pevné základy hudobného, speváckeho a dramatického umenia Slovenska. Jeho absolventi pôsobia ako hudobní a dramatickí umelci na Slovensku i v zahraničí, s možnosťou pokračovania štúdia na vysokých umeleckých školách, alebo ako pedagógovia nižších umeleckých škôl.
Kempovanie je príznačným názvom pre prílišnú závislosť často hlavne ľudského tímu na blízkosti svojej základne, keďže ta im poskytuje ochranu. Zväčša k nemu dochádza v prípade nevyváženosti tímov, či už z hľadiska početnej prevahy alebo nepomeru zručnosti hráčov. Za hlavný dôvod sa často považuje snaha predísť feedingu či jednoduchá neschopnosť prežiť útok nepriateľa vo väčšej vzdialenosti od základne. Za camping sa nepovažuje obrana základne pred ťažkým obliehaním. Hoci camping je fenoménom prevažne strany Lúdi, často k nemu dochádza aj za tím Votrelcov, hoci v rozdielnej podobe. Podobne ako Lúdia vo vlastnej základni, aj Votrelci často vyčkávajú za rohom na prichádzajúcich Lúdi, v čom im výrazne napomáha ich radar. Problém campingu sa často nijako špeciálne nerieši, niektoré servery však prijali pravidla, ktoré extrémny camping riešia vykopnutím z hry.
Niektorí učitelia ponúkajú ďalšie stupne podľa svojich znalostí a schopností. Rejki existuje v mnohých formách a smeroch, prechádza menším či väčším vývojom.
Skupina Van Halen nahrala na svoj debutový album krátku skladbu s názvom „Eruption“, ktorej gitarové sólo je považované za jedno z najvýznamnejších v rockovej hudobnej histórii. Táto skladba sa objavuje vo viacerých zoznamoch výberov gitarových sól vrátane aktuálneho rebríčka časopisu Guitar World.
Napriek svojmu vysokému zastúpeniu v zemskej kôre bol čistý kovový titán dlho veľmi vzácnym a drahým materiálom. Dôvodom je skutočnosť, že bežné hutnícke metódy, ktoré sa využívajú na výrobu iných kovov sú v prípade titánu neúčinné vďaka ochote titánu reagovať za zvýšenej teploty s kyslíkom, vodíkom, uhlíkom a dusíkom.
Dňa 12. apríla 1956 vzlietli dve egyptské stíhačky Vampire zo základne El Arish a prenikli do izraelského vzdušného priestoru. V ten deň mal pohotovosť poručík David Kishon spolu so svojím wingmanom. Obaja piloti boli vyslaní do vzduchu proti narušiteľom. Kishon bol mladý neskúsený pilot, ktorý mal s Ouraganom nalietaných iba niekoľko hodín. Avšak hneď ako sa priblížil k dvojici egyptských pilotov, vypálil na nich z väčšej vzdialenosti dávku zo svojich kanónov. Krídlo jedného z Vampirov sa rozsvietilo a následne vzplanulo celé lietadlo. Bol to prvý zostrel lietadla, ktorý si pripísal izraelský Ouragan. Pilot druhého Vampiru sa pokúsil zavesiť na Kishona, jeho wingman ho však zahnal na útek. Neskôr vyšlo najavo, že pilot druhého Vampiru musel núdzovo pristáť ešte v Izraeli, kde bol následne zajatý.
Hipponomé bola sestrou nešťastnej Iokasty, ktorá sa nevedomky vydala za syna Oidipa a keď zistila, že žila v incestnom vsťahu s vlastným synom, spáchala samovraždu. Jej brat tébsky kráľ Kreón mal podobný osud. Keď dal Antigonu, snúbenicu svojho syna Haimona zaživa zamurovať, po následnej samovražde syna Haimona, požiadal bohov, aby ho od utrpenia oslobodili smrťou..
Plameňomet je veľmi účinný na krátku vzdialenosť, ale úplne nepoužiteľný na diaľku. Hodi sa najmä na likvidáciu votreleckych stavieb a odstrašenie nepriateľa.
„Preč sa ber!“ - Pavol Habera a Miro Noga a Soňa Norisová a Zuzana Norisová a Janka Hospodárová - (Juraj Tatár / Daniel Hevier) - album: Soľ nad zlato (2000),
Richard Martin Willstätter (* 13. august 1872, Karlsruhe, Nemecko – † 3. august 1942, Muralto, Švajčiarsko) bol nemecký chemik, ktorý študoval štruktúru chlorofylu a iných rastlinných pigmentov. Za jeho výskum dostal v roku 1915 Nobelovu cenu za chémiu.
Studený je obec v Česku v okrese Benešov v Stredočeskom kraji. 1. januára 2012 tu žilo 102 obyvateľov, z toho 58 mužov a 44 žien, pričom priemerný vek v obci bol 41,5 roka (muži 36,3 roka, ženy 48,3 roka).
Koncept transhumanizmu sa sformoval v šesťdesiatych rokoch dvadsiateho storočia. Vidíme časovú synchronicitu so začiatkom prechodu od industriálnej k informačnej spoločnosti.
Chthonios bol jedným z päťdesiatich synov egyptského kráľa Aigypta. Jeho otec sa rozhodol, že svojich synov ožení s päťdesiatimi dcérami svojho brata Danaa, ktorý bol kráľ susednej Líbye. Keďže Danaos s tým nesúhlasil, vypovedal mu Aigyptos vojnu a porazil ho. Danaos nato ušiel s dcérami do Argu na Poloponéze, ale Aigyptos sa so svojimi synmi za ním vypravil a k svadbe ho prinútil.
Zelmerlöw sa narodil v starobylom juhošvédskom meste Lund v lekárskej rodine. Jeho matka Birgitta Sahlénová je logopedička a profesorka na miestnej univerzite, otec Sven-Olof Zelmerlöw pracuje ako chirurg. Má mladšiu sestru, baví ho futbal, tenis a golf.
Od sezóny 2000/2001 hral s číslom 7 za klub NHL Vancouver Canucks. V sezóne 2004/2005 (počas lockoutu v NHL) hral za Linköpings HC v švédskej hokejovej Elitserien. Na sezónu 2005/2006 mal s Vancouverom uzavretú zmluvu na 3,2 mil. dolárov.
Kultúra, spôsob myslenia a konania organizácie a jej členov vychádza čiastočne zo sicílskej mentality, ktorú vykladá svojím vlastným spôsobom, čiastočne je výsledkom vlastnej histórie a pôsobenia mafie. Prijímacie rituály nového člena organizácie sú inšpirované slobodomurárstvom a siahajú hlboko do minulosti. Budúci člen odprisahá vernosť, je pichnutý do prsta a jeho krvou je pokropený svätý obrázok. Ten je následne spálený ako symbol likvidácie prípadného zradcu.
Podielový fond je forma majetku, ktorý je tvorený cennými papiermi, peniazmi a inými majetkovými hodnotami, ktoré spoločne vlastnia investori. Vlastnícke práva investorov reprezentujú podielové listy. Podielové fondy nemajú právnu subjektivitu, majetok podielových fondov nepatrí správcovskej spoločnosti. Správcovské spoločnosti vedú účtovníctvo za seba a za každý podielový fond osobitne. Podielový fond je typickou formou kolektívneho, nepriameho investovania.
Dňa 11. augusta 1855 boli na Gerlachovskom štíte poľskí botanici Zygmunt Bósniacki a Wojciech Gzegorzek, ktorých sprevádzali, pravdepodobne zakopanskí horskí vodcovia. Nie je známe kade vystúpili. Ako spomína tatranský historik Ivan Bohuš, možno ich cesta viedla cez Gerlachovský kotol, ale ani to nie je isté. Nie je známe či vôbec dosiahli vrchol. Určite však boli na končiari v roku 1868 rakúski vojenskí geodeti.Na konci 60. rokov 19. stor. bol na štíte nemecký botanik Jozef F. Krzisch a v auguste 1872 Franz Holst s vodcom Jánom Stillom. Všetci pravdepodobne vystupovali cez Gerlachovský kotol po juhozápadnom hrebeni Kotlového štítu na vrchol. Slovenský prvovýstup cez Batizovskú próbu vykonali v roku 1875 horskí vodcovia zo Štôly Ján Ruman Driečny ml. a Ján Pastrnák. Spomedzi žien na vrchol ako prvé v roku 1877 vystúpili turistky z Viedne Pauline Knerrová a Jozephine Fillungerová. Prvý zimný výstup vykonali 15. januára 1905 Janusz Chmielowski, Karol Jordán a vodcovia Klimek Bachleda, Ján Franz st. a Pavol Spitzkopf. Vystupovali cez Krčmárov žľab.
Z architektonického hľadiska budovy centra je zrejmý jasný zámer dispozičných väzieb, samotné riešenie vyplýva z liturgického konceptu. Hmota kostola je dispozične prepojená dvoma spojovacími prvkami s objektom dvojpodlažnej fary, s jednopodlažnou spoločenskou časťou a meditačnou záhradou. Vďaka spojovaciemu objektu spoločenskej sály je možné zväčšiť kapacitu kostola pri zachovaní potrebných zvukových a optických požiadaviek. Tento priestor je opticky prepojený s kostolom a slúži ako miestnosť pre matky s deťmi. V časti farského objektu je umiestnená vstupná časť s hygienickými priestormi pre návštevníkov kostola, izby pre hosťov, kuchyňa, spoločná jedáleň, spoločenská viacúčelová sála, hospodárske priestory. V spojovacom krčku fary je umiestnená sakristia s priamou väzbou na kostol.
Nakoniec Sokrates zváži a vylúči možnosť uväznenia a vyhnanstva. Súhlasí však so zaplatením pokuty, ale keďže má málo prostriedkov, môže si dovoliť dať len 100 drachiem. Toto bola malá suma v porovnaní s trestom, ktorý navrhla obžaloba, čo porotcom nedávalo veľmi na výber. Sokratovi podporovatelia okamžite zvýšili sumu na 3 000 drachiem; v očiach poroty to však taktiež nebola dostatočná alternatíva voči trestu smrti.
Počas prvej svetovej vojny sa Dohoda rozrástla na koalíciu 11 štátov (aj Srbsko, Belgicko, Taliansko, USA, Rumunsko, Grécko, Japonsko, Čína).
Bitka pri Čadci bol stret medzi česko-slovenskými a poľskými jednotkami o Čadcu. Stret skončil obsadením časti Čadce poľskou armádou. Išlo o časť malej vojny medzi Poľskom a Česko-Slovenskom v roku 1938.
Družstvo mužov Holandska získalo olympijský titul po finálovom víťazstve nad Španielskom. V ženskom turnaji zvíťazila druhýkrát Austrália, keď vo finále vyhrala nad Kórejskou republikou. Obhajca titulu z roku 1992 zo Španielska skončil na poslednom mieste.
Meng-c’ alebo Mencius alebo Menciovo dielo (po čínsky 孟子 - Meng-c') je filozofické dielo, ktoré spolu s ďalšími tromi dielami vytvára literárny komplex konfucianizmu zvaný Štyri knihy, ktorý je zas súčasťou väčšieho literárneho celku Deväť klasických kníh.
Meletus je jediný žalobca, ktorý v Obrane Sokratovej vystúpil. Sokrates hovorí, že Meletus sa pripojil k žalujúcej strane ako hovorca básnikov. Je tiež spomenutý v dialógu Eutyfron, ale nevystúpi v ňom ako rečník. Sokrates tu hovorí, že Meletus je mladý neznámy s orlím nosom. V Obrane Sokratovej, Meletus dovolí Sokratovi byť krížovo vypočutý. Padne však do pasce, pretože tvrdí, že Sokrates je ateista a zároveň, že verí v polobohov.
Majstrovstvá sveta FIFA vo futsale 1989 boli 1. majstrovstvá sveta FIFA vo futsale. Bolo to vôbec prvé medzinárodné podujatie FIFA vo futsale. Konalo sa v dňoch od 5. – 15. januára 1989 v 5 holandských mestách: Amsterdam, Rotterdam, Arnhem, Leeuwarden a ’s-Hertogenbosch, za účasti 16 tímov. Víťazom sa stala Brazília, ktorá vo finálovom stretnutí zvíťazila nad domácim Holandskom.
Agnieszka Radwańská, poľ. Agnieszka Radwańska (* 6. marec 1989, Krakov, Poľsko) je súčasná poľská profesionálna tenistka, ktorá ako vôbec prvá Poľka vyhrala turnaj WTA v dvojhre (2007). 7. júla 2008 bola po prvýkrát v kariére klasifikovaná v TOP 10 rebríčku WTA na 10. mieste. Počas svojej kariéry vyhrala 17 turnajov WTA v dvojhre a 2 turnaj vo štvorhre. Jej mladšia sestra Urszula sa tiež venuje tenisu.
Fenol má veľmi široké spektrum využitia. Najväčšia časť svetovej produkcie sa využíva na výrobu fenolformaldehydových živíc a ε-kaprolaktámu. Fenol je východiskovou surovinou pri príprave mnohých alkylovaných fenolov (krezoly, tymol), liečív, farbív, výbušnín, rozpúšťadiel, zmäkčovadiel a iných látok.
Podůlšany sú obec v Česku v okrese Pardubice v Pardubickom kraji. 1. januára 2012 tu žilo 155 obyvateľov, z toho 72 mužov a 83 žien, pričom priemerný vek v obci bol 41,7 roka (muži 41,5 roka, ženy 41,8 roka).
Tato vylepšená forma Maraudera disponuje mierne zvýšenou odolnosťou a oveľa rýchlejším útokom v porovnaní so základnou verziou. Taktiež ma k dispozícii elektricky útok, ktorý dokáže zraniť aj viac cieľov naraz.
Ďalej vyhlasuje, že človek sa má riadiť zákonom – ľudským a božským. Ak je však medzi týmito dvomi rozpor, prednosť má zákon božský: „Muži Atén, som váš vďačný a oddaný služobník, ale väčšiu poslušnosť ako vám dlžím Bohu; a pokiaľ mám život a silu, neustrniem v praktizovaní filozofie.“ Keďže Sokrates vyložil delfskú veštbu tak, že bol vybraný, aby nabádal Aténčanov k väčšej uvedomelosti k dobru a pravde, neprestane s pýtaním sa a dokazovaním, ak by mu to mali zakázať a to aj vtedy, ak by boli obvinenia stiahnuté. „Nehanbíte sa, že sa sústreďujete na to, aby ste získali česť a povesť a čo najviac peňazí, a pritom málo dbáte na múdrosť, pravdu a zdokonalovanie svojej duše?”
Sídlisko Freidorf, Muttenz, Švajčiarsko, 1919 – 1921 – rané dielo, ktoré nie je ani tak zaujímavé z hľadiska výtvarného (pretože je poňaté v celkom tradičných formách) ako sociálneho. Družstevné sídlisko je budované na základe kolektívneho vlastníctva pôdy a domov a taktiež správa, spoločná účasť na údržbe a sociálnom zabezpečení mali socialistický charakter.
Bohovia spojený so zdrojom nílskych záplav a jeho vôd, boh Chnum a bohyňa Secet (starogr. Satis), boli považovaný za rodičov Anuket. Dva prítoky Nílu v južnom Egypte boli považované za Anuketine ruky. Rýchly tok Nílu v tejto časti zeme viedol k tomu, že Anuket bola pripisovaná vláda nad rýchlo sa pohybujúcimi vecami – šípmi a gazelami, ktoré sa hojne vyskytovali v okolí Nílu v týchto končinách. Z tohoto dôvodu bola často Anuket zobrazovaná ako gazela, ako žena s hlavou gazely alebo s pokrývkou hlavy z pier (ktoré sa podľa egyptológov ako symbol vzťahujú k Núbii).
Podľa niektorých zdrojov mal byť vodcom prvej križiackej výpravy, pred jej začatím ale pri ťažení proti Čechom ochorel a zomrel 29. júla 1095 (maďarská Wiki udáva dátum 19. júl). Ako miesto smrti sa niekedy udáva Nitra. Pochovaný bol v Oradei.
Je to ekonomicky dôležitá čeľaď, poskytujúca olej, šalát, bylinné čaje, náhradné sladivá, semená a iné. Niektoré rody majú záhradnícky význam, napr. nechtík lekársky (Calendula officinalis), echinacea purpurová (Echinacea purpurea), viaceré sedmokrásky, turice, chryzantémy, cínie, georgíny a helenia. Viaceré druhy sú dôležité liečivé rastliny (grindélia, rebríček obyčajný a iné). Množstvo druhov sa považuje za invazívne, ako napr. známa púpava lekárska v Severnej Amerike, ktorú tam doniesli Európania.
Cornelio Bentivoglio (* 27. marec 1668, Ferrara, Taliansko – † 30. december 1732, Rím) bol titulárny arcibiskup v Kartágu a kardinál rímskokatolíckej cirkvi.
Zaujímavý bol vnútorný poriadok internátu, ktorý sa vyznačoval takmer sparťanským duchom. Budíček pre všetkých bol o 7.00, potom sv. omša, raňajky, prednášky, o 12.00 obed, opäť prednášky, o 18.00 večera, omša a do 23.00 štúdium. Stanovy boli napísané v kresťanskom a národnom duchu. Keďže Svoradov bol čisto chlapčenský internát (na začiatku existencie tu bývali hlavne právnici a medici, neskôr prírodovedci a technici), prísne sa dbalo na morálku. Okrem iného bolo zakázané v jeho priestore politizovať, naopak fajčenie na izbách bolo povolené. Predpisy sa však podľa slov starých svoradovčanov dali obchádzať, vládol tu veselý študentský život. Existovali volejbalové a futbalové mužstvá, ktoré hrali mestské ligy. Sväté omše sa slúžili v kaplnke Panny Márie s impozantnou mozaikou od Šimkoviča z roku 1932 (v roku 1949 bola rozobraná a dnes je v kostole na Kalvárii v Horskom parku). V roku 1949 kaplnka zanikla a nahradili ju izby – tento stav trvá dodnes. Na Svoradove bola knižnica, knihy do nej venovalo vydavateľstvo Lev z Ružomberka či nakladateľstvo L. Mazáča z Prahy. Fungovala čitáreň, kde bola denná tlač a časopisy, tiež hudobný krúžok, ktorý mal vlastné nástroje. Študenti mohli využívať telocvičňu. Riaditeľom internátu bol Eugen Filkorn, postava požívajúca všeobecnú úctu pre svoj vzťah k študentom a pre spôsob udržiavania ducha Svoradova. Ekonomickým správcom bol Tomáš Beneš a za duchovnú správu zodpovedal lazarista Ján Hutyra. Sestričky vincentky mali na starosť stravu. Bývať na Svoradove bola pocta (kto sa chcel ubytovať, musel mať odporučenie), vždy sa naň hlásilo viac ľudí, ako bolo miest a to aj potom, ako vznikol druhý, štátny internát Lafranconi. Medzi Svoradovom a Lafranconi bola zdravá rivalita. Stali sa strediskami študentského hnutia. Svoradov kresťansko – nacionálneho, ovplyvňovaného najmä osobnosťou a politikou Andreja Hlinku a Lafranconi strediskom diferencovaných študentských prúdov, od agrárno – liberálnych až po socialisticko – komunistické. To zodpovedalo aj demokratickému pluralizmu vtedajšieho politického života. Svoradov bol sebestačným po stránke ekonomickej, pretože k nemu patril mlyn v Podunajských Biskupiciach a 90 ha veľký statok v Torcsi (dnes časť obce Dunajská Lužná), kde sa pestovala zelenina a chovali domáce zvieratá. Za ubytovanie a stravu študenti platili, takisto ako aj za každú skúšku (a to aj počas trvania Slovenského štátu). Najchudobnejší boli dotovaní, mnohí z nich neplatili vôbec. Títo bývali v takzvaných fundacionálnych izbách (platili ich jednotlivé fary a sponzori, v roku 1928 bolo 72 takýchto miest), alebo v štipendijných štátnych izbách (v roku 1928 ich bolo 27). Prostriedky pre študentov sa získavali aj predajom umeleckých diel (napr. v roku 1931 sa pre tento účel predávala kolekcia obrazov slovenských hradov od Janka Alexyho a diela maliarov Rambouska a Uprkyho). Na internáte bolo centrum Ústredia slovenského katolíckeho študentstva (ÚSKŠ), ktoré zastrešovalo asi 30 vysoko a stredoškolských spolkov zo Slovenska. Najznámejším bol spolok Moyzes, ďalšími Tatran, Považan… Vydával sa tu vlastný časopis Svoradov, v ktorom napr. v roku 1935 vychádzala štúdia o nacizme ako „novopohanstve“. Ďalším periodikom bol Rozvoj, ktorý bol určený stredoškolákom. Študenti sa venovali aj charitatívnej činnosti pre chudobných obyvateľov Bratislavy. Existovala tu tzv. malá univerzita, na ktorej mali prednášky mnohí významní činitelia, medzi nimi aj mnoho českých profesorov. Povinná bola 1 prednáška každý týždeň. Okrem katolíkov mali na Svoradove svoje izby aj evanjelici. Na Svoradove ekumenizmus žil dávno pred Druhým vatikánskym koncilom. Od začiatku svojej existencie bol Svoradov v nemilosti ústrednej vlády, ktorá v ňom videla svoje ohrozenie a považovala ho za „semenište“ ľudáctva a často ho preverovala políciou. Napríklad v roku 1938 Kolégium sv. Svorada požiadalo o prostriedky z podpornej Masarykovej nadácie. Boli mu zamietnuté. Policajné riaditeľstvo to odôvodnilo účasťou svoradovčanov na autonomistických manifestáciách či na demonštrácii študentov proti pomenovaniu petržalského nábrežia po Tyršovi.
Jeho syn Peter Hillary sa stal tiež horolezcom a v roku 2003 spolu s Jamlingom Tenzing Norgayom, synom Tenzinga Norgaya vystúpil na Mount Everest a oslávil tak 50. výročie výstupu na najvyšší štít Zeme. Pri príležitosti 50. výročia prvého úspešného výstupu na Everest mu nepálska vláda udelila čestné občianstvo. Je tak prvým cudzincom, ktorý získal takéto ocenenie.
Sokrates hovorí, že musí vyvrátiť dve skupiny obvinení: staré, dlhotrvajúce neformálne obvinenia, podľa ktorých je zločincom a dotieravým človekom, ktorý báda o veciach, ktoré sú na zemi a na oblohe, zlé prevracia na lepšie a učí tomu iných. Podľa nových, formálnych obvinení, kazí mládež a namiesto toho, aby veril v bohov uznávaných štátom, verí v nadprirodzené veci, ktoré si sám vymyslel.
Koncertná šnúra, ktorá nasledovala bola príliš drahá na to, aby mohli byť koncerty vo veľa mestách. Bolo vybratých iba niekoľko miest. V USA to bol New York a Los Angeles, v Európe Londýn a nemecký Dortmund. Tieto koncerty sú mnohými fanúšikmi skupiny považované za najlepšie, aké Pink Floyd mal kedykoľvek predtým a potom.
V roku 2011 si zahral vo filme Transformers 3 sám seba. V roku 2012 hral taktiež sám seba v seriáli Teória veľkého tresku (piata epizóda šiestej série 6 „The Holographic Excitation“). Ďalej hral sám seba v 20. epizóde 4. sezóny seriálu 30 Rock.
Izraelské ženy predtým slúžili v tzv. Ženských armádnych zboroch (angl. Women's Army Corps), všeobecne známych pod akronymom „Chen“. Po absolvovaní päťtýždňového výcviku slúžili ako úradníčky, vodičky armádnych vozov, sociálne pracovníčky, zdravotné sestry, riadiace letovej prevádzky, pracovníčky v zásobovaní, inčtruktorky výcviku a i.
V roku 1741, Johann Jakob Brucker bol prvým, ktorý naznačil, že Platónové dielo nie je dôveryhodným zdrojom o Sokratovi. Od vtedy sa objavilo viac dôkazov o tom, že Obrana Sokratova nie je historickým záznamom, ale skôr filozofickým dielom. Zjavné nekonzistentnosti podporujú toto tvrdenie. Napríklad, bolo by absurdným pýtať sa v delfskej veštiarni, či je niekto múdrejší ako Sokrates, ak by sa Sokrates už pred tým nezaoberal filozofiou – čo je v protiklade so Sokratovým vlastným príbehom.
Erupcia vzniká ako reakcia slnečnej atmosféry na náhly, rýchly proces vyžiarenia energie, ktorá je pravdepodobne magnetického pôvodu. Táto energia spôsobí v určitom mieste slnečnej atmosféry časovo obmedzené prehriatie a následné urýchlenie elektrónov, protónov a ťažších iónov na rýchlosti blízke rýchlosti svetla.
MMåns Petter Albert Sahlén Zelmerlöw (* 13. jún 1986, Lund, Švédsko) je švédsky popový spevák, televízny moderátor, model a herec. S piesňou Heroes vyhral prestížnu hudobnú súťaž Eurovision Song Contest v roku 2015 so ziskom 365 bodov, čo bolo tretie najvyššie skóre v histórii súťaže.
K dispozícii je päť národov: USA, Nemecko, Sovietsky zväz, Veľká Británia, Japonsko a Taliansko. Každý z týchto národov má lietadlá aj tanky, až na Taliansko. Talianske tanky budú pridané v budúcnosti.
V bežnom každodennom živote sa s titánom môžeme stretnúť napr. ako s materiálom na výrobu luxusných náramkových hodiniek alebo častí šperkov.
Po 2. svetovej vojne bolo v roku 1946 obci urobené ihrisko. Začali sa konať futbalové stretnutia, najprv nepravidelne. V roku 1948 vznikla telovýchovná jednota SOKOL Nižný Hrabovec.
Online je stav, keď je zariadenie aktivované a pripravené na činnosť, schopné kontroly alebo komunikácie s počítačom (napr. tlačiareň je v stave online, keď ju možno použiť na tlačenie). Databáza je online, keď ju môže použiť osoba ovládajuca počítač, v ktorom sa nachádza.
Z rastlín sa tu vyskytuje napr. taričník skalný, astra alpínska, kosatec bezlistý, lomikameň trsnatý, poniklec lúčny český, klinček sivý, prvosienka jarná, lykovec jedovatý. Na náprotivných južných stráňach vrchu Kaňkov rastie hlaváčik jarný.
O dva a pol roka neskôr, pred jeho pätnástymi narodeninami, Crvena Zvezda Belehrad podpísala Nemanju do svojho mládežníckeho systému. Svoju seniorskú kariéru začal v roku 2000 na hosťovaní v klube Spartak Subotica. Potom čo sa vrátil späť do Belehradu, hrával pravidelne v Juhoslovanskej lige. V sezóne 2001/2002 vyhral Juhoslovanský pohár. Vidič rýchlo dostal kapitánsku pásku a počas troch rokov ako kapitán strelil 12 gólov v 67 zápasoch. Svoje pôsobenie v Crvenej Zvezde zakončil domácim doublom. V roku 2004 vyhral Srbsko-Čiernohorskú ligu a Srbsko-Čiernohorský pohár a v júli 2004 prestúpil do klubu Ruskej Premier League FC Spartak Moskva. Detaily prestupu neboli zverejnené, aj keď sa hovorilo, že Vidič sa stal najdrahším obrancom v histórii Ruskej ligy.
Po uvedení do služby sa Jamato stala vlajkovou loďou admirála Isoroku Jamamota. Spolu s bojovými loďami Mutsu, Nagato, lietadlovou loďou Hosho, krížnikom Sendai, deviatimi torpédoborcami a štyrmi podpornými loďami vyplávala na cestu k Midway v júni 1942. Ako podporná skupina bojových lodí mala podporiť inváziu na atole Midway. Bohužiaľ (pre Japonsko) sa bitka o Midway skončila neúspechom a Jamato nevystrelila jediný náboj. Od 29. augusta 1942 do 8. mája 1943 strávila všetok čas v okolí súostrovia Truk.
„Hey Jude“ - Peter Nagy a Pavol Habera a Miro Žbirka a Jožo Ráž (John Lennon / Paul McCartney) - vystúpenie v relácii Gala Borisa Filana -pôvodnú pieseň naspievala skupina Beatles
Olimpijskij stadion „Fišt“ (rus. Олимпийский стадион «Фишт») je multifunkčný štadión v ruskom meste Soči. Pôvodne bol postavený pre potreby otváracieho a záverečného ceremoniálu Zimných olympijských hier 2014 a Zimných paraolympijských hier 2014.
Na LOH 2012 v disciplíne chôdza na 20 km s časom 1:22:25 hod dosiahol 23. miesto, čím prekonal svoj osobný rekord a aj dovtedajšie najlepšie umiestnenie slovenského chodca na olympijských hrách.
Abstraktný expresionizmus je štýl abstraktného výtvarného umenia. Vznikol po skončení 2. svetovej vojny v roku 1945. Vychádzal zo surrealistického automatizmu s vplyvom čínskej a japonskej kaligrafie a ovplyvnil predovšetkým západných umelcov.
Richardovo hudobné nadanie sa prejavilo už v ranom detstve. Nemal ani tri roky, keď začal hrať na harmoniku, ktorú postupne doplnil o klavír a bicie. Hudobné ambície Richard potvrdil účinkovaním v detskom orchestri pod vedením strýka Jirku. Po rozpade orchestra sa trinásťročný Richard preorientoval na basgitaru a pri tej zostal až dodnes. Hudobné vzdelanie získaval spočiatku ako samouk, neskôr pod vedením profesora Vladimíra Horu najprv súkromne (1987 - 1989) a v rokoch 1998 až 1999 aj na Konzervatóriu Jaroslava Ježka v Prahe. Tu sa okrem hry na basgitare venoval aj hodinám spevu.
Gulometna veža je automatizovaná obranná stavba s kratkym dostrelom a pomerne nízkou odolnostou, ale slusnou palebnou silou. Väčšinou sa stavaju tak, aby na každého prichadzajuceho súpera mohli strielať aspoň 3 z každého uhla. Veže však nestrielaju cez ostatne stavby alebo vlastných Lúdi, aj keď sa občas stane ze ich paľba neskonči včas a ak im do nej vbehnu vlastni, su schopne zraniť aj tých, hoci len mierne. Taktiež sa otacaju dost pomaly, co môže súperovi poskytnúť dostatok času na ich zničenie alebo bezúhonný prechod.
Podobu renesančného zámku a jeho existenciu dokladajú staré vyobrazenia Jaroměřic (napr. z roku 1693) a skalné pivnice s chodbami. Hneď na začiatku svojej vlády dal tvrdzu na zámok prestavať Ludvík Meziříčský (vládol v rokoch 1554 – 1576). Stala sa tak zámkom s tromi jednoposchodovými krídlami. Stredné krídlo bolo obrátené k námestiu, obe bočné krídla k rieke. Súmerne upravená záhrada siahala len k rieke a pri nej bola obklopená múrom. Na západe susedila s farou.
5. januára 1943 bola slávnostne uvedená do prevádzky železničná trať Strážske-Prešov, ktorá prechádza aj Nižným Hrabovcom. Za deň oslobodenia obce v 2. svetovej vojne sa počíta 30. november 1944 kedy sa v dedine ukázali prví sovietski vojaci.
Posledným typom bola prevratná Xantia „ACTIVA“ s 10timi guľami. Prevzala technológie z konceptu Citroën Activa z roku 1988. Systém bol podobný ako pri hydractive verzií ale 2 gule boli pridané pre aktívne stabilizátory, ktoré mali funkciu zabrániť náklonom karosérie a zabezpečiť tým vynikajúce jazdné vlastnosti bez náklonov karosérie. Xantia „ACTIVA“ je prakticky beznáklonové auto, podľa porovnania v teste skončila so stabilitou tesne za Ferrari F40. V losom teste, ktorý vykonáva redakcia švédskeho časopisu Teknikens Värld dosiahla ACTIVA maximálnu rýchlosť 85 km/h. Táto rýchlosť zatiaľ nebola prekonaná ani autami ako Ferrari Testarossa, Porsche 997 GT 3 RS, Lotus Elise S. Systém bol bohužiaľ náročnejší na údržbu (10 gúľ) a tak sa v ďalšom vývoji nepokračovalo. V posledných rokoch výroby boli "gule" nahradené modernejšími typmi s viacvrstvou membránou a výdržou až 150 000 km. Activa bola k dispozícií iba pre vyššie motorizácie ako napríklad 2.0i Turbo, 3.0 V6 24V a 2.1TD.
Kunihiko Kodaira (jap. 小平 邦彦 – Kodaira Kunihiko; * 16. marec 1915, Tokio, Japonsko - † 26. júl 1997, Kófu, Japonsko) bol japonský matematik. Zaoberal sa predovšetkým algebrickou geometriou a teóriou komplexných variet, je považovaný za zakladateľa japonskej školy algebrickej geometrie. Je nositeľom Fieldsovej medaily (1954) a Wolfovej ceny za matematiku (1984/5).
Jeho kariéra začala v Česko-slovenskej televízii v Bratislave. Začínal v magazíne pre deti Od Kuka do Kuka. Potom presídlil do Ostravy a tam ako 8-ročný chlapec uvádzal magazín Českej televízie pre deti Klubíčko. Tu ho objavil režisér Jan Hřebejk do seriálu Českej televízie Kde padají hvězdy, kde si zahral rolu nešťastného "záporáka" Foxla. Po dobrom osvedčení ho Jan Hřebejk obsadil do filmu Pelíšky, kde si zahral syna Evy Holubovej Péťu.
Blaster je mala energetická zbraň s nízkou kadenciou. Palebná sila sa však vyrovna laserovej a pulznej puske, pričom rýchlosť vystreľovaných projektilov je nízka. Tato zbraň nepouziva žiadnu energiu ani strelivo a k dispozícii ju ma každý hráč za stranu Lúdi. Taktiež ju na rozdiel od ostatnych zbraní nemožno predať ci vymeniť.
3. obvod dosiahol svoj vrchol počtu obyvateľov v období pred rokom 1861, teda v čase svojho vzniku v rámci reorganizácie Paríža v roku 1860. Podľa posledného sčítania ľudí (v roku 1999) mal 30 675 obyvateľov, pričom počet ponúkaných pracovných miest bol 41 424.
K Islamu sa na Slovensku sa v roku 2007 hlásilo približne 5 000 obyvateľov. Sú to hlavne prisťahovalci z krajín Blízkeho východu či bývalej Juhoslávie alebo ich príbuzní, konvertiti. Žijú najmä v okolí Bratislavy, Košíc, Martina, Nitry a Levíc.. Islam v Slovenskej republike nie je registrovaným náboženstvom. Moslimovia nemajú nárok na finančný príspevok od štátu, možnosť vyučovania náboženstva v školách a možnosť zakladať vlastné školy.
Pamätná fotografia a životopis Jána Kellnera boli na pripomenutie a povzbudenie veriacim inštalované 1. júla 2007 v predsieni kostola v jeho rodnej obci Hradisko.
Slnečná erupcia je masívna explózia v slnečnej atmosfére s energiou ekvivalentnou milarde megaton, šíriaca sa rýchlosťou milión km za hodinu (0,05% rýchlosti svetla), niekedy aj omnoho rýchlejšie.
Dňa 10. októbra 1956 vplával egyptský torpédoborec Ibrahim al Awal do zátoky Haifa. Loď vypálila zo svojich kanónov 220 rán na prístav a priľahlú ropnú rafinériu. Po niekoľkých minútach streľba ustala a torpédoborcu sa podarilo z oblasti uniknúť. Hoci boli za ňou okamžite vyslané dve izraelské lode, dostihnúť sa im ju nepodarilo. Asi 90 minút po útoku ju však identifikovala posádka lietadla Dakota, ktorá na torpédoborec naviedla dvojicu stíhačiek Ouragan. Tie ostreľovali loď neriadenými raketami, čím ju vážne poškodili. Torpédoborec následne obsadili izraelskí námorníci. Neskôr bola opravená a vstúpila do izraelského námorníctva ako I.N.S. Haifa.
Aškenázi často pomenovávajú deti po zomrelom prarodičovi či inom príbuznom, Sefardi po žijúcom prarodičovi. Aškenázi tiež tradične spojovali meno s jeho ekvivalentom v jidiš - napr. Zeev Volf či Arje Lejb. Pri ženských menách je jidiš slovo skôr lichôtkou (napr. Rivke Frume - Rivka Zbožná).
Sokratove problémy začali zjavením. Cherefón, jeho niekdajší priateľ, išiel do veštiarne v Delfách, aby sa spýtal, či je niekto múdrejší ako Sokrates. Keď mu Cherefón tlmočil, že podľa Apolóna nik nie je múdrejší ako Sokrates, zobral túto odpoveď ako hádanku. Vie totiž, že nemá malú alebo veľkú múdrosť. Taktiež ale vie, že je proti prirodzenosti boha klamať.
Comské jazero (tal. Lago di Como alebo Lario podľa latinského názvu Lacus Larius) je jazero v severnom Taliansku. Jazero má rozlohu 146 km², je 51 km dlhé a 4,5 km široké. Po Gardskom jazere a Lago Maggiore je tretie najväčšie v Taliansku a so svojou maximálnou hĺbkou 410 m patrí medzi najhlbšie v Európe. Leží v nadmorskej výške 197 m. Jeho brehy sú väčšinou strmé, skalnaté a vysoké.
Keď dokončila svoje vzdelanie, blesk jej rozumu a talentu sa ukázal natoľko nápadný, že jej bola ponúknutá katedra filozofie. Toto postavenie jej zabezpečilo aj miesto v mestskej rade, mohla sa zúčastňovať na riadení mesta. Prvýkrát v histórii sa žena stala profesorkou. V jej tvári je úsilie ženy antiky, dosiahnuť úplnú slobodu a byť rovnocennou mužom. Vo filozofii dosiahla naplnenie a uskutočnenie tohto úsilia.
Obec sa nachádza na Východoslovenskej nížine. Jej územie patrí do povodia rieky Ondava. V obci je známy výskyt minerálov, z ktorých sú najrozšírenejšie bentonity a zeolity.
Od roku 2001 ju ako hlavný a jediný programátor nezávisle vyvíjal Tím “Timbo” Angus ako modifikáciu (mod) do FPS hry Quake 3 v spolupráci so skupinou ľudí, venujúcou sa výlučne tvoreniu máp, modelov a textúr do hry. Tato fáza vývoja sa označovala za beta verziu hry, hoci bola otvorená verejnosti a postupom času si vybudovala stabilnú hráčsku základňu. V apríli 2006 bol Tremulous oficiálne vydaný ako standalone verzia 1.1.1, nevyžadujúca predchádzajúcu inštaláciu Quake 3. Odvtedy sa do Tremulous objavilo značne množstvo neoficiálnych patchov a modifikácii, ale dátum vydania nasledujúcej oficiálnej verzie 1.2.1 je stále neznámy. Na oficiálnych fórach Tremulous sa pravidelne objavujú informácie o aktivite tímu tvorcov hry, ale však žiadne bližšie informácie o jej novej verzii sa nevyskytujú. Verzia 1.1.1 je momentálne kompatibilná s operačnými systémami Linux, Mac OS a Windows. Najnovšiu verziu hry, ako aj staršie beta verzie je možné stiahnuť na oficiálnej stránke hry Tremulous.
S hokejom začínal v Dukle Trenčín, kde odohral svoje najúspešnejšie roky. V sezóne 1991/92 sa stal majstrom česko-slovenskej ligy, bol členom útoku s Róbertom Petrovickým a Žigmundom Pálffym, v obrane hrali Róbert Švehla a Miloš Holaň, formácia bola považovanú za najlepšiu súťaži. V poslednom ročníku česko-slovenskej ligy strelil v základnej časti 40 gólov.
Medzi sympatomimetiká patria okrem liečiv niektoré chemické zbrane ako sarín a VX, neletálne látky používané pri sebaobrane a nepokojoch (slzotvorný plyn), a insekticídy.
1939 – 1949 – povolaný prezidentom Lazarom Cardonasom do Mexika, kde pôsobil ako riaditeľ novozaloženého Ústavu pre výstavbu miest a plánovania.
Je uvádzaný ako vynálezca (r. 1299, iné zdroje uvádzajú rok 1284) okuliarov. Hoci sú o pravdivosti tohoto tvrdenia isté pochybnosti, vo svojej histórii Florencie z roku 1684 Leopoldo del Migliore píše, že Amatiho náhrobná tabuľa v kostole Santa Maria Maggiore nesie nápis: „Tu leží Salvino Degli Amati, syn Armata z Florencie, vynálezca okuliarov. Nech mu Boh odpustí jeho hriechy. A.D. 1317“. Jeho hrobka už dnes neexistuje a preto sa toto tvrdenie nedá overiť.
(súbor technických opatrení na) dodatočné umiestnenie vrstiev na obalové konštrukcie budovy (vrátane tepelnoizolačnej vrstvy) s cieľom zlepšiť tepelnotechnické vlastnosti budovy
V sezóne 2016/17 sa stal hráčom obnoveného A mužstva MHK Dubnica nad Váhom v 2. hokejovej lige SR. S klubom vyhral ligu a postúpil do Budiš 1. hokejovej ligy SR.
Súčasťou projektu barokovej prestavby zámku bolo i založenie zámockej záhrady na pravom brehu rieky Rokytná. Park má asi 9 hektárov, z toho asi 8 hektárov práve na pravom brehu. Vody riečky Rokytná boli vzduté, a tým cielene mohli v parku vzniknúť dve slepé riečne ramená vytvárajúce z časti parku umelý ostrov. Pri úprave zámku došlo k odrúbaniu skál, takže už nie sú zrejmé. Zborený bol aj schátralý komplex fary.
Album Meddle bol priamym predchodcom albumu Dark Side Of The Moon. Na celej jednej strane platne bola jedna kompozícia nazvaná „Echoes“. Z tohoto albumu je známa aj skladba „One of These Days“, ktorá sa na koncertoch skupiny Pink Floyd hráva dodnes.
Titán má nízku hustotou, pomerne vysokú ťažnosť (obzvlášť v bezkyslíkatom prostredí) a je ťažko opracovateľný. Je paramagnetický a má veľmi vysoký elektrický a tepelný odpor.
Richard Scheufler (1. november 1964, Ústí nad Labem, Česko) je český multiinštrumentalista, sólový spevák, skladateľ, aranžér, pedagóg a hudobný producent. Patrí k najvýraznejším osobnostiam súčasnej českej, ale i európskej hudobnej scény. Jeho tvorba predstavuje syntézu viacerých hudobných štýlov počnúc funkom cez pop, rock, moderný jazz, hardcore až po fúziu s klasickou hudbou.
Naopak vysoká odolnosť titánu sa využíva pri výrobe niektorých chirurgických nástrojov, implantátov (dentálne/zubné, cranio-maxilo-faciálne/lebečno-čeľustno-tvárové) a protéz (napr. ortopedické/využívané pri rekonštrukciách pohybového ústrojenstva - najčastejšie kĺbov). V súčasnosti sú módne piercingové ozdoby pokryté titánom vzhľadom na ich zdravotnú bezchybnosť a žiadaný vzhľad.
Braňo Jobus začínal v roku 1982 v hudobnej skupine Harmasan, s bratom Andrejom Jobusom (bicie nástroje), Romanom Klčom (basgitara) a Mirom Kusým (gitara). Krátko na to zmenilo zoskupenie názov na Veget, ktoré bolo na žiadosť vtedajšieho režimu a Mestského kultúrneho strediska opätovne zmenené na Karpatské chrbáty. Skupina pod týmto názvom funguje dodnes.
Slobodne sa stretávala so všetkými, ktorí si želali učiť sa, alebo dostať vysvetlenia ťažkých častí z Platóna a Aristotela, chýry o jej živote dávali veľa podnetov pre výmysly a predsudky. Ženy na ňu pozerali s podozrením, často ju volali mužatkou a obviňovali ju z neskromnosti. Hypátia naozaj chodila po uliciach v odeve filozofa – tak chodili do tých čias len muži. Žila slobodne a nenútene, presne tak, ako sa patrí žiť slobodnej žene. Ako rozumná žena nikdy neprekročila rámec slušného správania. Mala veľa nápadníkov, ktorých však odmietala. Veľa cestovala a dopisovala si s ľuďmi z celého Stredomoria. Jej dom bol vždy plný hostí, jej prednášky prichádzali počúvať ľudia zo všetkých strán sveta, jej rozum, vedomosti, výrečnosť, skromnosť a krása vyvracali nepekné výmysly. Na jej prednášky chodili skupiny nadšených obdivovateľov, ba aj kresťanskí poslucháči. Jedni hovorili, že sa podobala na samú bohyňu Paládu, druhí v nej videli prevtelenie ducha Platóna a tela Afrodity, tretí vyjadrovali svoj obdiv, porovnávajúc ju s tromi veľkými gréckymi bohyňami.
All Time Low sa sformovali v roku 2003, kedy ešte stále boli na strednej škole a začali prespievavať pesničky od pop punkových kapiel ako sú napríklad Blink-182. Neskôr nahrali svoj prvý album s Emerald Moon Records, s ktorými podpísali zmluvu v roku 2004 a vzápätí vydali svoje prvé EP album The Three Words to Remember in Dealing with the End. Kapela neskôr vydala prvý oficiálny album The Party Scene a to v júli 2005.
Obec sa nachádza 9 km od Trnavy smerom na Piešťany. Rozloha katastra je 1 659 ha. Pri sčítaní obyvateľstva v roku 2001 bolo v obci evidovaných 2 118 obyvateľov. Nachádza sa tu kaštieľ, ktorý chátra.
Tremulous je do značnej miery typickou FPS hrou (nie nepodobnou klasikám žánru ako Doom ci Quake), kde sa hráči na okolitý svet pozerajú akoby z pohľadu vlastnej, „prvej“, osoby (pohľad z tretej osoby je dosiahnuteľný pomocou konzolového príkazu, ten je ale možné aktivovať len v režime jedného hráča). Každý hráč ma v podstate za úlohu zlikvidovať nájdených nepriateľov, predstavovaných ostatnými hráčmi. Hra však obsahuje aj prvky stratégie či taktiky vzhľadom na to, že hráči hrajú v tímoch, čim sa stáva dostupnou aj pre hráčov bez výraznejších individuálnych zručnosti, ak sú schopní spolupracovať s ostatnými hráčmi v tíme (teammates). Práve spolupráca je často podmienkou víťazstva v hre, hoci pri menšom počte hráčov sa hlavne na menších mapách prejavia aj schopnosti osamelého hráča, ak ďaleko prevyšujú schopnosti súperov. Každý tím ma vopred nastavený počet zlikvidovaných nepriateľov (kills), ktoré musí získať na ďalšiu úroveň (Stage), pričom tento počet je priamo úmerný poctu hráčov v tíme. Oba tímy začínajú hru na Stage 1, maximálny možný je Stage 3. Zvýšenie úrovne sa prejaví u každého hráča hlásením „Reinforecements have arrived“ v prípade Ľudí a „We have evolved“ v prípade Votrelcov. Na každej novej úrovni sa hracom sprístupnia nové stavby a výbava/kasty. Hráči majú možnosť nakupovať vybavenie či vyvinúť sa do vyššej formy, ak majú dostatok kreditov (creds) / evolution pointov (evos). Tie získajú po zlikvidovaní nepriateľského cieľa, pričom odmeny sa delia priamo úmerne k množstvu spôsobeného zranenia. Nakúpené vybavenie je možné za nákupnú cenu aj spätne predať, Votrelci sa však môžu vyvinúť len smerom k vyššej kaste.
V r. 2000 založili bratia Jobusovci vlastnú, humorne ladenú, skupinu Vrbovskí víťazi. Skupina využívajúca neštandardné, podomácky vyrábané, hudobné nástroje, tak vytvorila nový termín, priemyselný folklór. V r. 2005 doplnil Jobus zoznam kapiel o elektronický hudobný projekt, Abusus, v ktorom účinkuje sám. Autorsky sa podieľal na hudbe ku krátkemu filmu režiséra Richarda Pechu, či poľského divadla v Tczewe.
Askøybrua je cestný visutý most spájajúci oblasť Kjøkkelvik v časti Bergenu Laksevåg a južnú časť ostrova Askøy v rovnomennej obci v nórskom kraji Hordaland. Je súčasťou cesty Fylkesvei 562 a premosťuje fjord Byfjorden.
Celostat je pomocný prístroj na pozorovanie Slnka. Skladá sa z hlavného a pomocného zrkadla. Rovina hlavného zrkadla sa otáča okolo polárnej osi neúplnej paralaktickej montáže polovičnou rýchlosťou zemskej rotácie, pretože pri otáčaní zrkadla odrazený zväzok svetelných lúčov sa otáča dvojnásobnou rýchlosťou. Z hlavného zrkadla sa slnečné lúče odrážajú na pomocné pevné zrkadlo, z ktorého možno lúče odraziť ľubovoľným smerom, obyčajne vodorovne (horizontálny celostat) alebo zvisle (vertikálny celostat, slnečná veža), do objektívu ďalekohľadu. Obraz Slnka získaný pomocou celostatu sa na rozdiel od obrazu získaného heliostatom počas pozorovania neotáča okolo svojho stredu.
Tremulous je výlučne on-line hra, to znamená, že umožňuje hrať len v rozhraní siete Internet či LAN spoločne s ostatnými hráčmi pripojenými na danú sieť. Väčšina súkromných internetových serverov pre tieto účely je zaregistrovaná na hlavnom Tremulous serveri, prístup k nim je teda jednoducho zrealizovatelný cez užívateľské rozhranie hry. Dostupnosť pripojenia a jeho odozva (ping) k jednotlivým serverom je do značnej miery záležitosťou lokality daného serveru a tiež rýchlosti a kvality užívateľovho pripojenia k sieti. Priemerný užívateľ na Slovensku ma prístup k asi stovke zahraničných serverov, pričom asi najbližšie z nich sú české servery Kocour CZ a Kocour Train, kde sa do značnej miery sústreďuje česká a slovenská komunita Tremulous.
Ako internet search engine (po slovensky: internetový prieskumový stroj, internetový vyhľadávač, internetový vyhľadávací nástroj... atď. ako hore) sa označuje buď search engine, na ktorý sa pristupuje cez internet, alebo search engine, ktorého zdrojom vyhľadávania je internet (t.j. WWW (web search engine), Usenet (Usenet search engine) a pod.). V slovenčine sa ako internetový prieskumový stroj, internetový vyhľadávač atď. (nepresne ale často) prekladá aj anglické web search engine (pretože je tendencia vyhýbať sa prídavnému menu "webový").
Pravidelne hniezdi na západnom Slovensku. Rozšírila sa od západu začiatkom 80-tych rokov. Na západnom Slovensku už v roku 1982 bolo známych 15 úspešných hniezdení. Postupne sa šírila smerom na východ. Na východnom Slovensku začala hniezdiť divá forma až v roku 1994 na Senianskych rybníkoch (krotká v roku 1986 v Spišskej Novej Vsi v mestskom parku). Zimuje na nezamŕzajúcich vodách a vodných tokoch.
Bol vyrobený len jeden prototyp tanku T22. Typ T22E1 bol pôvodný tank T22 s vežou z typu T20E1. Typ T22E2 vybavený 3 palcovým delom a odpružením pomocou torzných tyčí nebol nikdy vyrobený. Úpravy a presunutie prevodovky priniesli značné problémy, ktoré viedli k zrušeniu programu pre vývoj tankov T22. Automatický kanón kalibru 75 mm bol prvýkrát otestovaný na tomto tanku, ktorého maximálna palebná rýchlosť bola 20 rán za minútu, avšak v decembri roku 1944 bol vývoj tohto dela prerušený z dôvodu jeho nespoľahlivosti. K tomuto nedostatku taktiež prispela nutnosť výroby diel s vyšším kalibrom.
Výstup na Gerlachovský štít je povolený len so sprievodom horského vodcu. Najpopulárnejší turistický výstup je zo Sliezskeho domu cez Velickú próbu.
Situácia je stav vecí vzťahujúci sa na osoby; zjednotenie subjektobjektových a subjektsubjektových vzťahov, v ktorých sa ocitá človek. Človek je v situácii aktérom, zasahuje do nej, vytvára, pretvára, premieňa, ruší ju, prechádza do inej. Situácia je priesečníkom minulého s budúcim, stvoreného a rodiaceho sa a ešte neexistujúceho, individuálneho a spoločenského, ustaľujúceho sa a meniaceho sa. Subjekt sa pohybuje obvykle vo viacerých situáciách naraz.
O tomto období sa Roger vyjadruje, že počas stretnutí skupina nebola reálne tam (to be there) v súlade s názvom albumu. Album Wish You Were Here bol viac zameraný na spoločenskú objednávku, očakávania hudobného priemyslu. Bol vydaný 15. septembra 1975, no po jeho vydaní nenasledovalo dlhšie koncertné turné.
Na rozdiel od hier s podobným mixom FPS/RTS, ako napr. Natural Selection či Savage: Battle for Neverth, v hre Tremulous nie je na strategické plánovanie a stavbu kladený taký veľký doraz. Hlavne za stranu Ľudí je veľkosť základne obmedzená na minimum, a jej stavbe sa venujú priamo hráči cez základne užívateľské rozhranie, nie je teda možné zvoliť veliteľa, ktorý by sa o tieto záležitosti staral z nejakej centrálnej stavby, tak ako v hore uvedených hrách.
Zlomový bol nasledujúci ročník. Po prvýkrát na seba upozornil gólom v Španielskom superpohári do siete Athletic Bilbaa, následne ako striedajúci hráč rozhodol súboj so Šachtarom Doneck o Európsky superpohár. V Lige majstrov s klubom porazil Inter Miláno či Dynamo Kyjev a presadil sa i v lige. Na MS klubov zavŕšil svojím semifinálovým gólom absolútny rekord, keď sa strelecky presadil vo všetkých šiestich súťažiach, ktoré FC Barcelona hrala. Vo finále tohto turnaja dal taktiež gól, ktorý posunul zápas s Estudiantes do predĺženia.
Koncom roku 1965 sa skupina premenovala na „The Pink Floyd Sound“, t. j. Zvuk Pinka a Floyda Mená Pink a Floyd pochádzajú z albumov dvoch bluesových umelcov z Karolíny v USA: Pinka Andersona a Floyda Councila, ktoré mal vo svojej zbierke Syd Barrett. Tento názov začala skupina Tea Set používať ako alternatívu už v lete toho istého roku, po tom ako Syd objavil na jednom z vystúpení na základni RAF v Northolte medzi účinkujúcimi skupinu s identickým menom. Neskôr si tento názov skrátili na „The Pink Floyd“.
Kritika síce tento album na začiatku rozobrala na drobné, ale album Wish You Were Here mal rozmer ktorý bol v súlade s očakávaním. Najjednoduchšie by bolo prerobiť inú verziu projektu Dark Side Of The Moon, ale Roger bol príliš veľký perfekcionista a tak dotlačil skupinu za ich vtedajšie predstavy. Roger si vytvoril reputáciu textára, poslucháči albumov skupiny sa mohli popri počúvaní hudby sústrediť aj na zmysel textov. Vzťahy medzi členmi skupiny boli ovplyvnené aj tým, že uzavreli manželstvá, ich záujmy sa týmto rozptýlili mimo hudobného smeru. Takisto sa rozdelili títo štyria ľudia do dvoch skupín. Roger mal bližšie k Nickovi a David bol viac zadobre s Rickom.
krajina, kde je halový futbal populárny, i keď iba ako zimný doplnkový šport profesionálnych futbalistov: NSR (NSR sa odmietla zúčastniť, nahradilo ju Dánsko)
Cosa Nostra (v preklade z tal. Naša vec) je zločinecká skupina so znakmi sekty, pôsobiaca na Sicílii. Týmto pojmom sa môže označovať i zločinecká organizácia v Spojených štátoch amerických, ktorej pôvod siaha k tradičným talianskym kriminálnym spoločenstvám a k talianskej, hlavne sicílskej emigrácii. Príslušníci Cosa Nostry sami seba označujú ako ctihodných mužov.
Po vojne v roku 1948 palác získalo Ministerstvo zahraničného obchodu, teraz tu sídli Ministerstvo priemyslu a obchodu ČR. V roku 1989 sa budova stala Národnou kultúrnou pamiatkou.
Luini bol prominentným lombardským maliarom 16. storočia. Pôsobil v Miláne, kde namaľoval viaceré fresky v palácoch a kostoloch v okolí mesta. Známe sú jeho fresky pre Villa Pelucca v Sesto San Giovanni.Luini spracoval starú giottovskú tématiku panny Márie, no taktiež maľoval pohanské fresky a výjavy zo života svätých. V roku 1525 dokončil jeho prácu pre kostol Santa Maria dei Miracoli.
Nový album A Momentary Lapse of Reason vyšiel v roku 1987, mal síce veľmi dobrú predajnosť, ale kritika mu vyčítala, že bol pripravený narýchlo, vraj iba ako odpoveď Watersovi, že skupina funguje plnohodnotne aj bez neho. Reálna spolupráca Nicka Masona a Ricka Wrighta na jeho nahrávaní bola minimálna. V skutočnosti sa skupina v novej zostave objavila až v nasledujúcom koncertnom turné, z ktorého bol vydaný živý album z tohoto obdobia Delicate Sound Of Thunder.
Pomocou S.M.A.R.T. technológie je možné odhaliť až v 60% predpovedateľnú chybu a tak včas zabezpečiť zálohu dát ešte pred samotným zlyhaním.
Pozemný hokej na Letných olympijských hrách 1996 bol turnaj v pozemnom hokeji v rámci multišportového podujatia Letných olympijských hier 1996. Konal sa v Atlante, v Spojených štátoch v dňoch od 20. júla – 2. augusta 1996, za účasti 12 mužských a 8 ženských tímov. Hokejový turnaj sa na hrách organizuje od roku 1908 a toto bolo jeho 18. vydanie. Nováčikom olympijského turnaja bolo iba mužské družstvo Južnej Afriky. Zápasy sa hrali na 2 štadiónoch: Herndon Stadium a Panther Stadium.
No už 20. januára 1064 na zabránenie občianskej vojny Šalamún a Belovi synovia uzavreli mier, podľa ktorého Šalamún ostal predsa len kráľom a Gejza a Ladislav dostali Nitrianske pohraničné kniežatstvo (Tercia pars regni; dnešné Slovensko + vtedajšie Biharsko; hlavné mesto Nitra). Na Veľkú noc si Belovi synovia rozdelili územie kniežatstva takto: Gejza sa stal vojvodom Nitrianska (Slovensko, 11 stolíc), Ladislav dostal Biharsko (4 stolice) a Lampert ostal v Nitre spolu s Gejzom bez toho, aby dostal panstvá.
Motor Ford GAN V8 s hydrodynamickým meničom momentu, prevodovkou typu Hydra-matic a podvozkom s horizontálnym špirálovým pružením, vybavený 76 mm kanónom M1.
Pedro Rodríguez Ledesma (* 28. jún 1987 Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Španielsko) je španielsky futbalista pôsobiaci v kádri FC Chelsea. Ide o krídelníka, ktorý môže hrať na oboch stranách ihriska.
Anton Kučmín (* 7. jún 1984, Ilava) je slovenský atlét, reprezentant Slovenska na olympijských hrách v Londýne v disciplíne chôdza na 20 km. Kučmínov domáci klub je VŠC Dukla Banská Bystrica. Jeho trénerom je Juraj Benčík.
Prvá horolezecká činnosť na Bořeni začala na začiatku 20. storočia, podrobnejšie informácie sa však nezachovali. Prvé známe mená prvovýstupcov sú mená Gregor (Řehoř) a Berthold z alpského klubu zo Žatca, podľa ktorých sú nazvané napr. Skalné útvary Bertholdův prst a Řehořův komín. V súčasnosti na Bořeni existuje približne štyristo ciest všetkých obťažností.
1923 – 1932: Štít Legionárov, Štít Legionářů, Spitze der Legionäre (neoficiálne stále používaný názov Gerlach). Názov sa neujal. *1932 – 1939: Gerlachovka, Gerlach, Gerlachovský štít
Údajne je závislý od liekov Oxykodón a Vicodin. V súčasnej dobe pracuje ako DJ v nočnom klube Le Poisson Rouge v New Yorku. Býva na Manhattane.
Bořeň je najväčší povrchový znelcový (fonolitový) útvar v strednej Európe. V treťohorách bola pri sopečnej činnosti nadvihnutá podložná rula a do vrstiev druhohorných kriedových slieňovcov sa vklínil mohutný útvar fonolitu. Vo štvrtohorách bol fonolit eróziou vypreparovaný a vytvoril unikátnu kopu.
Výsledkom Šalamúnovej porážky roku 1074 bolo, že sa Gejza stal novým kráľom Uhorska a jeho brat Ladislav novým kniežaťom Nitrianskeho pohraničného kniežatstva. Podľa niektorých prameňov vtedy Biharsko pripadlo Lambertovi.
1994 – SÚPS a ŠRA zlúčené pod názvom Pamiatkový ústav (1996 – 1998 prechodne nazývaný Národné pamiatkové a krajinné centrum); Projektový ústav kultúry premenený na štátny podnik (od roku 1998 v likvidácii)
1871 Na SV od Velického plesa postavili poľovníci z Veľkého Slavkova a horskí vodcovia prvú turistickú chatu - Blasyho chatu. O tri roky neskôr ju zničila lavína.
Od AK–74M je odvodený ľahký podporný guľomet RPK–74M. Ten má na rozdiel od staršej verzie plastové pažbenie. Rovnako ako AK–74M má sklopnú pažbu a montáž optiky.
Zapojil chémiu do služieb zdravia ľudu a založil lekársku vedu na pokuse a pozorovaní. Svet je podľa Paracelsa založený na prahmote stvorenej Bohom a samovyvíjajúci sa. Pri výklade sveta zastával Paracelsus antropocentrizmus a panpsychizmus: všetkým vo svete preniká tajomný duch archeus. Človek (mikrokozmos) ako časť prírody (makrokozmu) je v zásade schopný poznávať prírodu. Základom všetkého vedeckého poznania sú skúsenostné poznatky. Paracelsus objavil chemickú podstatu životných funkcií.
V septembri 1952 výpravca v Zahrádkách poslal na trať motorový vlak skôr, ako z trate odišla posunovacia lokomotíva. Zrazili sa pri Hostíkoviciach, zomrelo deväť osôb.
Po finančných problémoch sa stala novým majiteľom spoločnosť Prvé finančné družstvo z Piešťan. Veľké ekonomické a technické problémy viedli až k prerušeniu vysielania vo februári 2011, ktoré bolo obnovené až v posledných dňoch mesiaca.
V okolí obce Nižný Hrabovec (presnejšie v susednej obci Hencovce na Hencovskej ulici) sa nachádza podnik BUKÓZA HOLDING a.s. ktorý je významný pre obec Nižný Hrabovec, Hencovce, Vranov nad Topľou a vôbec pre celý Vranovský okres a Prešovský kraj. História podniku:
Antický autor Apollodoros z Atén uvádza, že podľa niektorých zdrojov bola Hipponomé manželkou Alkaia, syna hrdinu Persea a matkou dcéry Anaxo a syna Amfitryóna.
Toto obdobie je charakterizované slovami: „Floydi boli tá najhlučnejšia skupina, akú mohli ľudia v tom období počuť. Boli tiež najpodivnejší. Bola to pravá undergroundová kapela."
„Wenn du aufwachst, bin ich da“ - Karel Gott - (Pavol Habera / Michael Kunze) - 1993 (v českej verzii sa volá pieseň Když muž se ženou snídá)
Sokrates uzatvára svoju obhajobu tým, že necíti žiaden odpor voči tým, ktorý ho odsúdili a obvinili. Žiada ich, aby sa postarali o jeho troch synov. Keď budú vyrastať, nech sa uistia, že budú do popredia stavať dobro pred sebeckými záujmami.
G. E. Lewis: "Memorial to Charles Whitney Gilmore", Proceedings Volume of the Geological Society of America, Annual Report for 1945, 234–244
Database as a service (skr. DaaS) je typ software as a service. Je to organizovaná služba, ponúkaná na základe platobného systému pay-per-use, ktorá poskytuje prístup k databáze na požiadanie s cieľom uložiť dáta.
V roku 1895, kedy začala svoju činnosť, sa prvým predsedom stal katolícky kňaz Andrej Kmeť, ktorý sa zaslúžil o jej aktívnu činnosť. Združovala záujemcov o zbieranie, zhromažďovanie, odborné opatrovanie a sprístupňovanie pamiatok materiálnej a duchovnej kultúry Slovákov. Hlavnými cieľmi spoločnosti boli založenie národného múzea, knižnice a organizovanie výskumnej vlastivednej a muzeologickej činnosti. Nahrádzala tiež činnosť zrušenej Matice slovenskej.
1944 Na Zadnom Gerlachu havarovalo lietadlo Lisunov Li-2 s príslušníkmi 2. československej paradesantnej brigády, ktorí leteli na pomoc Slovenskému národnému povstaniu. Celá 26 členná skupina zahynula. Všetci sú pochovaní v Gerlachove.
V roku 1091 ho požiadala sestra Helena, vdova po chorvátskom kráľovi Dmitarovi Zvonimirovi, o ochranu. V Chorvátsku dosadil za kráľa svojho synovca Álmoša, čo vyvolalo nevôľu u pápeža Urbana II. V tom istom roku vtrhli do Sedmohradska Kumáni, ktorých porazil v bitkách pri Temeši a Oršove.
Kabaddi na Ázijských hrách je turnaj v kabaddi, ktorý sa organizuje v rámci multišportového podujatia Ázijských hier. Organizuje ho Ázijská federácia kabaddi (AAKF). Prvýkrát sa kabaddi objavilo ako demonštračný šport na 9. Ázijských hrách v roku 1982 v Naí Dillí. Do oficiálneho programu hier bolo zaradené až na 11. Ázijských hrách v roku 1990 v Pekingu, vtedy iba v mužskej kategórii. Turnaj v kabaddi sa odvtedy organizuje pravidelne. Ženský turnaj mal svoju premiéru až na 16. Ázijských hrách v roku 2010 v Kantone. V oboch kategóriách jednoznačne dominujú družstvá Indie, ktoré zvíťazili na všetkých turnajoch.
Sokrates začína svoju reč slovami, že nevie, či muži Atén (jeho porotcovia) boli presvedčení jeho žalobcami. Táto prvá veta je určujúca pre celý prejav. Platón často začína svoje sokratovské dialógy slovami, ktoré dávajú tušiť, aká bude hlavná myšlienka dialógu. V tomto prípade je ňou myšlienka „Neviem“. Sokrates si myslí, že filozofia začína úprimným pripustením vlastnej nevedomosti. Nech vlastní akúkoľvek múdrosť, táto vychádza z jeho poznania, že nevie nič. Žiada porotcov, aby ho neposudzovali podľa jeho rečníckych schopností, ale podľa pravdy. Hovorí, že nepoužije kvetnaté slová a frázy premyslene zostavené, ale že bude hovoriť tak, ako mu myšlienky náhodne budú prichádzať. Používať bude rovnaké slová, aké možno počuť na verejných zhromaždeniach ľudu a pri stoloch zmenárnikov. Aj napriek tomuto prehláseniu sa Sokrates ukazuje byť vynikajúcim rečníkom. Je však nielen výrečný a presvedčivý; s porotou sa vie hrať tak ako dirigent s orchestrom. Reč, ktorou si získava na svoju stranu čitateľov už po viac ako dve tisícročia, mu však nezabezpečila oslobodenie. Sokrates, ako je známe, je odsúdený na smrť vypitím jedu. Pritom je obdivovaný s akým pokojom akceptuje svoj osud.
Začiatok vysielania tohto na česko-slovenskú produkciu zameraného rádia sprevádzali ťažkosti, kvôli vysielacím frekvenciám po zaniknutom Rádiu Hviezda FM. Spoločnosť GES Slovakia, s.r.o., získala najskôr iba frekvencie v Poprade a Rimavskej Sobote a až rozhodnutím súdu aj v Bratislave, Nitre, Banskej Bystrici a Ružomberku.
Spoločenská normativita je spoločenská sieť vzťahov medzi jednotlivcami i skupinami, ktorú vytvára súhrn normatívnych požiadaviek jedného k ostatným a ostatných voči jednému, ako aj jedného voči druhému. Normativita je predpokladom integrity spoločnosti alebo skupiny a spôsobom uskutočnenia potreby sociálneho života.
Pokusy ukázali, že prírodný titán sa mení na rádioaktívny, keď je ostreľovaný deuterónmi, pričom vyžaruje najmä pozitróny a tvrdé gama žiarenie. Rozžeravený do červena sa zlučuje s kyslíkom a pri teplote 550 °C sa zlučuje aj s chlórom. Reaguje aj s inými halogénmi a absorbuje vodík.
Výstavba chrbtice prenosovej sústavy bola prakticky ukončená v 80. rokoch. Vedenia 220 kV boli stavené do začiatku 70. rokov, od tej doby sa stavajú len 400 kV vedenia a vedenia 220 kV slúžia ako doplnkové.
Masovú popularitu získal Zelmerlöw vďaka účasti v druhej sérii švédskej súťaže speváckych talentov „Idol“ (obdoba slovenskej súťaže Slovensko hľadá Superstar) v roku 2005. Prostredníctvom obrazoviek stanice TV4 ho spoznalo celé Švédsko, aj keď skončil po ôsmych týždňoch na konečnom piatom mieste. He was placed in the bottom three in the weekly shows after the performance and twice and the bottom two once.
Vlajka obce pozostáva: Z piatich pozdĺžnych pruhov vo farbách zelenej (1/7), bielej (1/7), zelenej (3/7), bielej (1/7) a zelenej (1/7). Vlajka má pomer strán 2:3 a ukončená je tromi cípmi t. j. dvomi zástrihmi, siahajúcimi do tretiny listu.
Stalo sa to v marci roku 415. Nič netušiaca Hypátia sa vracala domov a bola neočakávane prepadnutá oddielom vzbúrencov. Útočníci nemali dôvod tvrdiť, že na tento útok dal príkaz sám Kyrill. Krutí hrdlorezi násilne vytiahli Hypátiu z povozu a dovliekli do kostola. Krásnu ženu vyzliekli donaha, nenávistne dobili jej telo, nosiace v sebe všetko najlepšie, čo sa ešte uchránilo zo slávnej antiky, a vydali strašnej poprave: ostrými mušľami a črepinami roztrhali na kúsky jej telo, jej ostatky vyniesli z chrámu, porozhadzovali po meste, alebo spálili. Táto strašná udalosť otriasla všetkými. Aj Kyrill bol zarmútený touto udalosťou, lebo taká odplata sa vymykala zo všetkých kresťanských aj ľudských noriem. Hypátia bola obeťou náboženského fanatizmu a okolností.
V súvislosti s česko-slovensko-poľským sporom o Oravu 24. novembra 1938 zaútočil v Oravskom Podzámku zhromaždený dav kamením na autobus s poľskou delegáciou a poľská vláda obratom oznámila, že v záujme zabezpečenia pokoja bude sporné územie obsadené poľskou armádou. Nasledujúceho dopoludnia začala Samostatná operačná skupina „Sliezsko“, poľskej armády, vstup do Čadčianskeho regiónu, stráženého zosilnenou obranou česko-slovenskej armády. Česko-slovenské jednotky začali urputné ústupové boje so zapojením delostrelectva a bombardérov, boli zaznamenané prípady streľby civilistov do tyla postupujúcich poľských vojsk. Ďalší deň bola oblasť obsadená poľským vojskom.
Pre členov odboja bol Petschkov palác známy ako „Pečkárna“. Počas druhej svetovej vojny, hneď po okupácii, zabrala túto budovu nemecká tajná štátna polícia (gestapo) a zriadila si tu svoj hlavný úrad Protektorátu Čechy a Morava.
Trať 090 (Praha hlavná stanica / Praha Masarykovo nádraží -) Vraňany - Hněvice - Roudnice nad Labem - Lovosice - Ústí nad Labem hl. n. - Děčín hl. n.
Z triedy Jamato sa ani jedna jednotka nedočkala konca vojny. Jamato a Musaši potopilo letectvo, Šinano ponorka, a štvrtá a piata jednotka nebola nikdy postavená.
Sezónu 2002/03 odohral vo Zvolene. Následne pôsobil tri roky v Slovane Bratislava, v ročníku 2004/05 počas lockoutu v NHL získal majstrovský titul. Pred sezónou 2006/07 mal ponuky zo Žiliny a Trenčína, napokon uprednostnil finančne výhodnejší angažmán v klube 2. nemeckej bundesligy Weisswasser Füchse. Ďalší rok začal v MsHK Žilina, v jeho priebehu prestúpil do českých Vítkovíc.
Ládví je 359 m n. m. (podľa niektorých zdrojov 355 m n. m.) vysoký vrch na severnom okraji Prahy, severne od pražskej štvrte Kobylisy a juhozápadne od starej zástavby Ďáblic. V rokoch 1968 – 1974 bol jeho vrchol najvyššie položeným miestom Prahy.
Tento článok je čiastočný alebo úplný preklad článkov Citroën Xantia na anglickej Wikipédii a Citroën Xantia na českej Wikipédii. Tento článok je čiastočný alebo úplný preklad článku FIA_European_Championships na anglickej Wikipédii (číslo revízie nebolo určené).
Príklad Hypátie niesol so sebou protest proti nástupu kresťanstva, na postavenie ženy, a súčasne na antickú kultúru. Jej tragický osud svedčí o tom, že mnohí radoví kresťania prijímali filozofa v šatách práve ako protirečenie kresťanských noriem, ako protest proti kresťanizácii.
V Európe sa vzhľadom na to, že sa v jej texte nachádzali na svoju dobu príliš silné sexuálne narážky, sa táto pieseň spočiatku hrávala iba na pirátskych rozhlasových staniciach. Ani na albume Out of Our Heads určenom pre tento trh sa táto skladba nenachádzala. V britskom kráľovstve singel „(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction“ vyšiel v auguste 1965. V rebríčkoch prerazil hneď na prvé miesto a bol zároveň v Spojenom kráľovstve štvrtým singlom skupiny The Rolling Stones, ktorý sa dostal na jeho vrchol.
Často sa tento sloh uplatňoval na veľkých verejných stavbách (divadiel, múzeí, bánk, nádraží, škôl a pod.). Koncom 19. storočia sa začali na novorenesančných stavbách objavovať secesné prvky. Takisto je časté, že novorenesančná budova má secesný interiér.
Symfonický orchester Konzervatória v Bratislave je 85-členné umelecké teleso študentov z oddelenia strunových, drevených a plechových dychových nástrojov. Medzi jeho umeleckých vedúcich a dirigentov patrili významné osobnosti ako Kornel Schimpl, Gerhard Auer, Zdeněk Bílek, Vladimír Daněk, Adolf Vykydal, Robert Stankovský. Symfonický orchester Konzervatória v Bratislave pravidelne koncertuje v Koncertnej sieni Slovenskej filharmónie, reprezentuje umelecké školstvo Slovenska na významných umeleckých festivaloch v Európe, nahráva pre Slovenský rozhlas a Slovenskú televíziu a premiéroval viaceré diela slovenských skladateľov.
Société entomologique de France (doslova: Entomologická spoločnosť Francúzska) je entomologická spoločnosť, ktorá vznikla 31. januára v roku 1832 v Paríži ako druhá v poradí na svete. Bola založená osemnástimi parížskymi entomológmi.
Už počas štúdia začal Zelmerlöw účinkovať v prvých muzikáloch. V roku 2002 účinkoval v muzikáli „Jozef a jeho zázračný farebný plášť“ v Malmö, kde stvárnil jedného z Jozefovych bratov. V muzikáli „Malý obchod hrôzy“ si zahral hlavnú úlohu Seymoura a v muzikáli „Pomáda“ zase Dannyho.
ľahké používanie – nie je nutné zriaďovať si vlastné servery a ani sa starať o redundantné systémy, zaoberať sa nákupom, inštaláciou a údržbou hardvéru pre databázu.
Johan Ludvik Heinrich Julius Schliemann (* 6. január 1822, Neubukow, Nemecko – † 26. december 1890, Neapol, Taliansko) bol nemecký archeológ. Pátral na severozápade Malej Ázie a podľa opisov krajiny v Homérovom epose Ilias (Iliada) našiel legendárne mesto Trója a neskôr aj Mykény.
V praxi môžu byť steny suky z akéhokoľvek materiálu, od dreva cez plátno až po hliník, na streche môžu byť konáre borovice alebo bambus. Steny môžu byť aj súčasťou domu alebo plotu.
Taktiež ako typ T20 a T22, bol typ T23 s 75 mm automatickým kanónom a 3 palcovým delom plánovaný, ale nikdy nebol skonštruovaný. Typ T23 bol ako prvý z prototypov série T20, T22 a T23 skonštruovaný s uspokojivým výsledkom výbornej manévrovateľnosti. Návrh a vývoj tanku bol v máji 1943 označený ako „limitovaná edícia“ a bolo objednaných 250 kusov tankov typu T23, avšak jeho návrh nebol nikdy štandardizovaný a tank T23 nebol nikdy použitý v prednej línii. Vyrobené modely vybavené vežou z tanku T80 boli neskôr využité ako modifikovaná forma tanku M4 s lepším delom. Tank T23 nebol nikdy poslaný do služby, čiastočne z dôvodu nevyskúšaného systému prevodovky a čiastočne z dôvodu zlého rozloženia váhy tanku. Pri pokuse napraviť tieto nedostatky bol objednaný nový typ T23E3 s odpružením pomocou torzných tyčí a typ T23E4 s horizontálnym špirálovým pružením. Návrh typu T23E4 bol prerušený pred dokončením, ale typ T23E3 bol dokončený a odpruženie pomocou torzných tyčí znížilo záťaž tanku o 20% v porovnaní s typom T23.
Jeho prvým krokom je obvinenie svojho žalobcu Meleta (jeho meno doslovne znamená ‘ten, ktorý sa stará‘ alebo ‘starostlivý‘), že mu v skutočnosti nezáleží na tom, o čom vyhlasuje, že sa o to stará. Počas výsluchu argumentuje, že nikto by zámerne nekazil iného človeka. Problém kazenia je dôležitý z dvoch dôvodov: po prvé, zdá sa byť základom pre obvinenia vznesené proti nemu a po druhé, ak bude uznaný vinným, bude to kvôli Aristofanovi, ktorý skazil myseľ publika hrou vytvorenou pred asi 24 rokmi. Sokrates potom prejde k druhému obvineniu, podľa ktorého je ateistom. Pri krížovom výsluchu Meleta získa protirečenie. Prinúti Meleta tvrdiť, že je ateistom, ktorý verí v nadprirodzené pôsobenie a polobohov. Sokrates prehlási, že ho prichytil pri rozporuplnom tvrdení a pýta sa súdu, či pre neho Meletus nevytvoril akýsi inteligenčný test, ktorým chce zistiť, či dokáže odhaliť logický rozpor.
Slovensko je jediným členským štátom Európskej únie kde nestojí oficiálna mešita. Moslimská komunita sa preto stretáva v prenajatých domoch alebo provizórných modlitebniach.
Na French Open 2008 vypadla v 4. kole (1/16) s Jelenou Jankovićovou 3-6, 6-7 (3). Vo Wimbledone 2008 skončila vo štvrťfinále na rakete Sereny Williamsovej 0-6, 4-6, a tá sa tak stala prvou hráčkou, ktorá porazila obe sestry v priebehu jediného turnaja.
Tesla veža ma kratší dostrel ako gulometna, jej stavba trva dlhšie a spôsobuje nižšie zranenie. Na druhej strane sa však nemusí kvôli palbe otáčať a vzhľadom na svoju velkosť predstavuje aj istú formu prekážky pre utociacich Votrelcov.
K 3DS Max Spoločnosť CAD Studio ponúka radu doplnkov - efekty, knižnice modelov a plug-in modulov, animačné radiče. Ďalšie pluginy umožňujú pridať do prostredia rôzne efekty, editačné funkcie, exportné a importné filtre, a pod.
O dva roky neskôr tento istý časopis umiestnil skupinu Pink Floyd medzi najväčšie skupiny všetkých čias nad skupinu The Beatles, The Rolling Stones a Led Zeppelin. Hodnotilo sa podľa komplexného systému, ktorý porovnával skupiny podľa predaja albumov, umiestnení v rebríčkoch popularity, podľa vystúpení a návštevnosti koncertov.
Bratia dosiahli svoj cieľ, ktorým bol trón v Argu, ale neupustili od svojho zámeru pomstiť sa Déifontovi, aj keď sa medzitým s manželkou preťahoval do mesta Epidauros. Keisos a jeho bratia nakoniec dospeli k názoru, že Déifontovi najviac ublížia, ak sa im podarí Hyrnétho od neho odlúčiť. Do Epidauru potom odišli na voze len Kerynes s Falkeom, lebo najmladšiemu Agraiovi sa tento nápad nepáčil. Len čo dorazili, nechali voz pod hradbami a po poslovi odkázali sestre, že sa s ňou chcú porozprávať. Hyrnétho prišla na dohodnuté miesto, ale ich horlivé reči, ktoré ju mali od manžela odpútať ju len zarmútili. Keď nepochodili, prišli na nápad, že ju unesú. Po únose ich potom Déifontes prenasledoval a hneď ako ich dohonil, šípom zabil Keryna, ale na Falka, ktorý držal Hyrnétho, sa neodvážil vystreliť, lebo sa bál, že schybí. Keď sa ju potom snažil dostať z jeho zovretia, Hyrnétho bratom navlačovaná, počas ich zúrivého boja na následky zranení umrela.
(súbor technických opatrení na) – najmä dodatočné – umiestnenie tepelnej izolácie na budovu alebo do budovy – k tomu pozri aj článok tepelná izolácia
V roku 2002 Q magazine označil skupinu Pink Floyd ako jednu z „50 Bands To See Before You Die“ („jedna z päťdesiat, ktoré by ste mali počas života vidieť“).
Gerlachovský štít (hovorovo Gerlach) (poľ. Gerłach, Ivan Bohuš uvádza v poľštine názov Gierłach, ktorý sa ustálil v poľskej literatúre a kartografii, ale ako obsahovo správne adjektívum sa uznáva Gierłachowski Szczyt. Zakopanskí horskí vodcovia vytvorili žargónové deformácie Girlach a Garłuch; maď. Gerlachfalvi csúcs i Gerlafalvi csúcs) je najvyšší vrch a jeden z najmohutnejších masívov Tatier, Slovenska aj celých Karpát. Leží v juhovýchodnej rázsoche Zadného Gerlachu, od ktorého ho oddeľuje Gerlachovské sedlo. Z vrcholu pokračuje hrebeň na Kotlový štít, kde sa rozvetvuje a vytvára známy Gerlachovský kotol. Gerlachovský štít je pre svoju výšku, dostupnosť a krásnu horskú scenériu jedným z najnavštevovanejších vrcholov.
Parasympatomimetiká (cholinergiká) sú liečivá (vo vyšších koncentráciach pôsobia ako jedy), ktoré imitujú účinok prirodzeného mediátora parasympatika acetylcholín. Acetylcholín vykazuje veľmi rôznorodé účinky, preto majú aj cholinergiká široké spektrum účinkov.
V januári 1945 bol obecný úrad premenovaný na národný výbor a jeho prvým predsedom bol Pavol Horváth. Elektrifikácia obce bola dokončená 3. marca 1949.
Členovia skupiny radi prenechávali Rogerovi písanie textov a a udržanie ucelených konceptov pre albumy pokiaľ oni participovali na hudobných nápadoch. Gilmour aj v období ich najväčších sporov opisuje Watersa ako výborného motivátora a skvelého básnika. Niektoré z najpopulárnejších skladieb skupiny Pink Floyd („Echoes, „Time“, „Us and Them“, „Wish You Were Here“, „Shine on You Crazy Diamond“...) predstavujú obrovskú silu Watersovho inštinktu textára kombinovaného s Gilmourovým melodickým talentom, citlivo precíznym bubeníckym umením Nicka Masona na atmosférickom podklade klávesov Ricka Wrighta. Napríklad skladba „Us and Them“ začína sladko melodickými Wrightovými klávesmi a spája sa do ostrého kontrastu s Watersovým protivojnovým textom.
Jean-Luc Pailler tak na vozidlách BX Turbo a Xantia Turbo, získal 95 víťazstiev a celkovo vyhral 8 z 9. závodných sezón. Neskôr pokračoval s vozidlom Peugeot 206 WRC.
Herder je napisal pomemben esej o Shakespearju, ki ga je izdal v manifestu leta 1773 skupaj s prispevki Goetheja in Möserja. Herder je napisal: " Pesnik je stvaritelj naroda okoli sebe,da jim svet, da vidijo in v svojih rokah ima njihove duše, da jih vodi na ta svet". Na njega je najbolj vplivala poezija o narodih, še preden so postali civilizirani.
Osrednja oblast v Črni gori se je še bolj utrdila v času vladanja Petrovega naslednika vladike Petra II. Petrovića Njegoša, ki je že 1831 ustanovil senat s sedežem na Cetinju; načeloval mu je vladika s še 12 uglednimi ljudmi (ne le s plemenskimi poglavarji), združeval pa je zakonodajno, sodno in izvršno oblast. Imel je funkcijo vlade. Nižji organ je bila 32-članska gvardija, ki je skrbela za red in mir po deželi ter tam izvajala tudi sodno oblast. Vlogo policije so še naprej opravljali perjaniki. Vse te tri institucije so bili prvi organi osrednje oblasti v Črni gori. Njihovi predstavniki so dobivali plačo in nastajati je začel birokratski aparat. Njegoš je dobival stalno denarno pomoč od Rusije, uvedel pa je tudi davke in jih redno pobiral ter tako začel uvajati državne finance.
Leta 1947 sta z možem prejela polovico Nobelove nagrade za fiziologijo in medicino in v tem času tudi več priznanj različnih združenj biokemikov. Gerty je prejela tudi častne doktorate več univerz, med njimi Univerze Yale in Univerze Columbia. Takratni ameriški predsednik Harry S. Truman jo je imenoval za članico upravnega odbora Nacionalne znanstvene fundacije za dva mandata.
Tu se je v drugi vrstici uporabilo verižno pravilo za odvod in se v tretji integriralo po delih. Kot prej, je zadnji člen v tretji vrstici enak 0, ker se je tako izbralo
Bil je pripadnik tako imenovane »izgubljene generacije« in velja za enega največjih ameriških pisateljev 20. stoletja. Napisal je 5 romanov (zadnji ni dokončan) in več kratkih zgodb, med katerimi je najbolj znan njegov roman Veliki Gatsby. Po njegovih delih je posneto tudi več filmov.
Matija Čop je od leta 1828 vzporedno poučeval kot profesor na Reki in vodil knjižnico, od leta 1830 do svoje smrti pa je bil zaposlen kot vodja Licejske knjižnice. Hitro je ugotovil, da je knjižno gradivo neurejeno, dotok knjig je bil slab, knjižnica brez osnovnega in lokalnega kataloga, gradivo brez signatur, omare brez etiket. 20. marca 1831 je na gubernijsko zahtevo predložil načrt za temeljito reformo knjižnice in za novo postavitev knjižničnega gradiva – licejska knjižnica je začela dobivati novo podobo. 1833 je ljubljanskemu guberniji poročal, da je potem, ko je za glavno dvorano v novembru leta 1832 dobil nove knjižne omare, moral večji del gradiva prestaviti in preurediti, hkrati pa je izdeloval tudi osnovni katalog vsega gradiva. V poročilu tudi piše, kako je moral stare, neobdelane knjižne fonde najprej očistiti prahu in trohnobe, ki sta se desetletja nabirala na njih, potem pa jih postaviti na ustrezna mesta in jih primerno obdelati. Pri delu je bil Čopu v pomoč skriptor Miha Kastelic. Po tragični in prezgodnji smtrti Matije Čopa sta njegovo delo nadaljevala Kastelic in J. Kosmač, ki sta tudi končala prvi listkovni katalog.
Fi (grško: φι; velika črka: Φ, mala črka: φ ali ϕ) je enaiindvajseta črka grške abecede in ima številčno vrednost 500. Iz grške črke Φ izvira cirilična črka Ф.
Za člansko selekcijo Slovenije je prvič branil v letu 2012 na tekmi priti Alžiriji. Potem je nastopil tudi na olimpijskih igrah leta 2016 v Riu.
Po podatkih iz leta 1715 je bilo v Budimu 1538 hiš, od katerih je bilo 796 hiš v lasti Južnih Slovanov, večinoma Srbov, 701 hiša v lasti Nemcev in 68 v lasti Madžarov. Po podatkih iz leta 1720 se je število prebivalcev manjšalo na 30.000. Naseljenih je bilo 1483 hiš, od katerih je bilo 851 nemških, 559 južnoslovanskih, večinoma srbskih, 68 madžarskih in 5 slovaških.
Med gradnjo, ki je stala okrog 8,5 milijard ameriških dolarjev, je bilo zaposlenih okrog 10 000 delavcev. Končali so ga leta 2010, odprli pa leta 2011.
kurtina mandrača – stena povezuje bastijona svetega Andreja in Salvadorja. Prvotno je bila razdeljena na dva dela, da bi ladje lahko priplule v mandrač, vendar so prehod zazidali, ko so mandrač opustili;
Zahodno predalpsko hribovje se začenja na italijanski meji in sega na vzhodu do Ljubljanske kotline. Sestavlja ga niz hribovij - TOLMINSKO, CERKLJANSKO-IDRIJSKO, ŠKOFJELOŠKO in POLHOGRAJSKO HRIBOVJE, v katerega so vrezane globoke doline. Skoraj za vsa hribovja so značilne nadpovprečne strmine in zelo ozke doline ter grape. Še posebej je to značilno za Cerkljansko-Idrijsko hribovje.
Fischer, Wladimir, »The Role of Dositej Obradovic in the Construction of Serbian Identities During the 19th Century,« Spaces of Identity (1.3, 2001), 67–87.
Zelenkasta golobica raste posamično ali v malih skupinah v mešanih gozdovih od začetka poletja do pozne jeseni. Sodi med odlične gobe in je primerna za najrazličnejše jedi in za konzerviranje. Ponekod jo uživajo tudi presno ali na hitro popečeno na žaru.
Rodil se je na Avstrijskem, v mestu Čakovo, med Romuni revnim staršem. Sedaj gre za naselje Ciacova, Timiş regija, Romunija. Njegovi starši so umrli še v njegovem otroštvu, tako da je preživel otroštvo kot vajenec za poklic v kraju Temešvar, nedaleč od svoje vasi. Njegova želja po študiju in branju je bila velika, vso pozornost pa je namenil življenju svetnikov in njihovim čudežem.
Earlstvo je bilo poimenovana po naselju Dundonald (South Ayrshire), kjer se nahaja tudi grad Dundonald. Sedež rodbine se nahaja v gradu Lochnell blizu Obana (Argyll and Bute) in Beacon Halla (blizu Cranbrook, Kent, Anglija).
Kot pilot lovskega letala je sodeloval v sovjetsko-japonski vojni (avgust-september 1945), nato pa je služboval v enotah Vojno-letalskih sil SZ. Med letoma 1956 in 1959 je študiral na Vojaško-letalski akademiji. Leta 1960 so ga izbrali v Prvi odred kozmonavtov SZ.
Najstarejša rezila ostra kot britev so arheologi našli na najdiščih starih 6000 let pr. n. št. bila so iz obsidiana, flinta in kremenjaka. Kovinska rezila iz bakra in brona so našli v Sumeriji in Egiptu, njihov nastanek so datirali v drugo tisočletje pred n. št. nedvomno so jih uporabljali kot britev s fiksnim ročajem. Pojav rimskega imperija je prinesel novo britev izdelano iz železa, ta se je razvila v britev z gibljivim ročajem in ostala nespremenjena do začetka 20. stoletja n. št. V začetku 20. stoletja so se pojavili brivski aparati z zamenljivim rezilom- britvico v varnostnem okvirju, kateri se še uporabljajo. Danes te aparate izpodrivajo novejši električni brivniki, kateri se lahko priključijo na običajno električno omrežje 220 V/50 Hz.
Andrew Barker iz revije Variety je koncertu dodelil mešano oceno: »S svojim nastopom v areni Hollywood Bowl Kylie Minogue ni ravno razložila, zakaj je njeno dance pop delo ni prej doseglo Združenih držav, z njim pa se tudi ne bo prikupila ameriškim agnostikom, saj se je s koncertom predstavila kot maksimalistična osebnost, kar pa je zadovoljilo samo njene redke oboževalce. [...] Brez ironije lahko ta koncert primerjam z Madonninim oponašanjem Beyonce na Olimpijskih igrah. Nastop Kylie Minogue je očarljivo povprečen; pričaral je spektakel, ki pa ga lahko skupaj spravi vsaka povprečna zvezdnica. [...] Ostalo gradivo Kylie Minogue se lahko opiše kot serijo nasprotij: njena glasba je neusmiljeno površna, ne ravno slogovno raznolika in seksi, a nikoli seksualna.« Njen glas je opisal z naslednjimi besedami: »Njen glas je majhen in primankuje mu globine, še vseeno pa je očitno spreten in kadar je treba, lahko Kylie Minogue s svojim vokalom zadane nekaj velikih tonov -- in za razliko od njenih spremljevalnih vokalistov njen glas zveni neverjetno živo.« Kritiziral je nekaj delov koncerta: »Pozen agresivno energičen kabaretno obarvan nastop s pesmijo 'Wow' je končno prestopil mejo okusa; v njem je Kylie Minogue nastopila na vrhu ladje, ki je visela na stropu, ob njej pa so kot v kakšnem kvazi-pornografskem fulmu stopali na pol slečeni moški spremljevalni plesalci, oblečeni v nogometne drese, kar je izpadlo neprijetno bizarno.« Kljub temu je pohvalil konec koncerta: »Po drugi strani pa sta bila nastopa s pesmima 'In My Arms' in 'Love at First Sight', s katerima se je koncert končal, čudovita. Obe pesmi sta bili malo bolj prazni kot kalorije, a predstavljata vse, kar je najboljše pri dance pop glasbi, in zaradi navdušenja, ki sta ga izrazila tako Kylie Minogue kot njeno občinstvo, sem pomislil, da se Amerika še zaveda ne, kaj je vsa ta leta zamujala.«
Vseh 192 pogodbenic o kemičnem orožju so avtomatično članice OPCW. Druge članice OZN, ki so upravičene, da postanejo članice OPCW, a to še niso, so države članice Združenih narodov in opazovalke, kot je Izrael, Egipt, Severna Koreja, Južni Sudan, Palestina. Najnovejša država podpisnica konvencije je bila Angola.
Gimnazijo je obiskoval v Kamniku, kjer je leta 1953 v prvi generaciji kamniških maturantov opravil zaključne izpite. Študij je nadaljeval na Univerzi v Ljubljani in leta 1960 diplomiral na fakulteti za rudarstvo metalurgijo in kemijsko tehnologijo ter 1973 doktoriral na Montanistični visoki šoli v Leobnu. Med leti 1960 do 1964 je bil vodja tehnologije v livarni tovarne Titan v Kamniku, nato se je zaposlil na Fakulteti za naravoslovje in tehnologijo v Ljubljani kjer je bil leta 1976 izvoljen za docenta, 1986 izrednega in 1992 za rednega profesorja na katedri za livarstvo. Leta 2011 mu je bil dodeljen naziv zaslužnega profesorja. Pokopan je v družinskem grobu na kamniških Žalah.
Na otoku se danes nahaja mornariška letalska baza japonske mornarice. Letalska steza je dolga 2650 m, široka pa je 60 m. Letalska baza je zadolžena za nadzor zračnega prostora, reševanje ter oskrbo letal. Bazo občasno uporablja tudi ameriška mornarica.
Macintosh je dobil ime po McIntoshu, najljubši vrsti jabolk enega izmed razvijalcev Jeffa Raskina. Prvi Macintosh je na trg prišel 24. januarja 1984, s spremljajočo reklamo »1984«. Bil je eden prvih osebnih računalnikov z grafičnim uporabniškim vmesnikom in miško. Prodali so več kot 2 milijona računalnikov.
The Sims 2 Holiday Edition (2 verziji, 17. november 2005 (The Sims 2 + The Sims 2 Holiday Party Pack) & november 2006 (The Sims 2 + The Sims 2 Happy Holiday Pack))
Leta 1997 je bil sprejet v Mednarodni hokejski hram slavnih, leta 2002 v Slovaški hokejski hram slavnih, leta 2004 pa še v Češki hokejski hram slavnih.
Budim je bil konec leta 1703 razglašen za svobodno kraljevo mesto in leta 1784 ponovno postal madžarska prestolnica. Leta 1873 se je s Pešto in Óbudo združil v današnjo Budimpešto.
Valira (grško Βαλύρα, izgovorjava Valira) je naselje na jugu Grčije. Je sedež občine Ithomi in leži na polotoku Peloponez. Mesto se nahaja v bližini antičnega mesta Messene in 18 km severno zahodno od mesta Kalamata in 177 km jugozahodno od Aten. Po štetju iz leta 2011 v naselju živi 843 prebivalcev.
Bismarckov model zdravstvenega varstva je model zdravstvenega varstva, ki temelji na načelih obveznega, z zakonom predpisanega javnega zavarovanja, področjem zavarovanja pa nato avtonomno upravljajo predstavniki delodajalcev in zavarovanih oseb. Leta 1889 ga je ustanovil nemški kancler Otto von Bismarck. Po tem sistemu je urejeno zdravstveno varstvo tudi v Sloveniji.
Ivan Nikitovič Kožedub (ukrajinsko Іван Микитович Кожедуб, rusko Иван Никитович Кожедуб), sovjetski maršal in letalski as ukrajinskega rodu, * 8. junij 1920, Obražejevka (Ukrajinska SSR), † 12. avgust 1991.
Mikael Wood iz revije Los Angeles Times je koncertu dodelil pozitivno oceno: »Kakšen je bil nedeljski koncert Kylie Minogue v dvorani Hollywood Bowl? Takšen, v kakršnem je bilo več plesalcev kot glasbenikov, takšen, kjer so še spremljevalni vokalisti zamenjali ogromno število kostumov, takšen, kjer je bil v ospredju ogromen projektor v obliki lobanje, pod katerim so se zvijali futuristični roboti. [...] Za razliko od Madonne ali Lady Gaga Kylie Minogue za to turnejo ni žrtvovala svoje neznanske moči. Njena podoba je tu še bolj nežna, še bolj duhovna, zato postane še bolj podobna dance-pop divi, kakršna je bila prej in čeprav je nedeljskega koncerta, prirejenega v sklopu njene prve severnoameriške turneje, že konec, se ga še zdaj spominjam, posebej po tem, ker ta koncert ni bil kratek zmazek ali samoosredotočeni spektakel, saj je bil prijeten in ne grozeč. Ko je Kylie Minogue jezdila tisti s stropa viseči bleščeči lobanjski svod, se ni predstavila kot diktatorka ali boginja, temveč kot stevardesa letalske združbe Kylie, ki bo hitro in s stilom ustregla vsem našim željam. In to je tudi storila, saj je na zadovoljstvo svojih oboževalcev v komaj dveh urah izvedla dvanajst različnih pesmi v spremstvu odličnih vokalov [...] V nedeljo nam je Kylie Minogue postregla s previdno sestavljeno koreografijo, primerno za pop arene na nenavadni stopnji človeške toplote, pa če je paradirala naokoli v oprijetih usnjenih hlačah ali nastopala v prizoru s tušem, prikazanem na projektorju.« Kritiziral je samo »duhamorne balade, ki jih je po vsej verjetnosti navdihnil film Sunset Boulevard, s katerimi je očitno želela posvojiti stil starega Hollywooda, a je z njimi le zabrisala sledi ljubkega lika, ki ga je ustvarila v prejšnjih devetdesetih minutah.« Nazadnje je v oceni napisal: »... Ta ženska ve, kako prebrati celotno sobo [...] in nihče v sodobnem času se ne more meriti z njo.«
Leta 1947 jim je bila podeljena pod tedanjim imenom Svet prijateljev služnosti Nobelova nagrada za mir, ki so jo prejeli s sonagrajenimi ameriškimi kvekerji Ameriški odbor prijateljev služnosti. Organizacija se je vidno spreminjala od ustanovitve.
Capriccio (tudi francosko caprice) je glasbeno delo prostega, šegavega in muhastega značaja, ki se zelo malo ali pa sploh nič ne ozira na določene glasbene oblike.
Po eni strani nekateri menijo, da je Sacrosancta le izraz zmešnjave, ko so Cerkvi vladali trije papeži in da je bila le nujno sredstvo za ureditev razmer – kar nakazuje tudi grožnja tistim, ki koncilskih ukazov ne bodo ubogali. Kot svarilni zgled naj bi služila tudi obsodba in usmrtitev Jana Husa. Drugi pa nasprotno menijo (konciliaristi, galikanisti, protestanti in jožefinisti), da je koncil nad papežem in da papež mora le ubogati določbe koncila. Taka miselnost odseva še zlasti iz Frequensa, ki do podrobnosti ukazuje papežu, kako naj v prihodnje ravna v zvezi s sklicevanjem in potrjevanjem koncilov.
Štabni poročnik bojne ladje (izvirno nemško Stabskapitänleutnant; okrajšava: StKptLt; kratica: SKL) je častniški čin v Bundesmarine (v sklopu Bundeswehra). Čin je enakovreden činu majorja (Heer in Luftwaffe) in specialističnima činoma višjega štabnega zdravnika (vojaška medicina) ter višjega štabnega lekarnarja (vojaška farmacija). Čin je bil ustanovljen z reformo činovnega sistema leta 1962 in je namenjen le strokovnim častnikom (izvirno nemško Offizier des militärfachlichen Dienstes); to je tudi najvišji čin, ki ga lahko doseže strokovni častnik.
15-metrska pagoda, imenovana Šve U Min (Zlata jama), stoji na vhodu v najjužnejšo jamo. Lokalna legenda pravi, da jo je zgradil kralj Ašoka, obnovil pa kralj Alaungsitu v 12. stoletju, vendar to ni podkrepljeno z nobenim zgodovinskim virom. V svoji sedanji obliki in slogu je takoj jasno, da je pagoda nedavnega izvora.
Nikolaj Nikolajevič Čerepnin (rusko Николай Николаевич Черепнин), ruski skladatelj, dirigent in pianist, * 3. maj 1873, Sankt Peterburg, Ruski imperij (danes Rusija), † 26. junij 1945, Pariz, Francija.
Ekonomsko je bila država zelo slabotna, maloštevilno obrt pa so obvladovali Turki in Avstrijci. Do 1878 ni bilo nobene ceste za vozove. Izvažali so le meso, les in ribe. Rusija je državi dajala stalno subvencijo za državne in cerkvene potrebe. Od industrijskih podjetij je delovala le ena žaga, glavna gospodarska panoga pa je bila ekstenzivna živinoreja. Leta 1870 je glavno mesto Cetinje imelo le 500 prebivalcev in 115 hiš, 1860 je bila v vsej državi le ena šola, 1871 je začel izhajati prvi časopis.
Gorenja Dobrava je naselje v Občini Gorenja vas - Poljane. Nahaja se med krajema Dolenja Dobrava in Todraž. V kraju je gostilna Pr' Brodarju in nekaj kmetij. Nad vasjo se vzpenja 570 metrov visok hrib na katerem stoji poznogotska cerkev posvečena Sv. Urbanu in Sv. Barbari. Na fasadi cerkve je freska Sv. Krištofa iz 16. stoletja.
Ob prihodu v samostan se Obradović zaveže meništvu 17.februarja 1757 in je pri tem srečen. Želja po meništvu pa po začetnem veselju do knjig in miru usahne. Prijetna okolica, čudovito okolje samostana so bile daleč stran od sanj o puščavniškem bivanju. Dositej postane kritičen tudi do menihov okoli sebe in kmalu ugotovi, da ga je gnala predvsem želja po znanju in ne iskanje svetosti. Obradović tako zapusti samostan Hopovo in išče velike knjižnice in dobre šole.
Janez Dular, Slavko Ciglenečki in Anja Dular, Kučar : železnodobno naselje in zgodnjekrščanski stavbni kompleks na Kučarju pri Podzemlju = Eisenzeitliche Siedlung und frühchristlicher Gebäudekomplex auf dem Kučar bei Podzemelj. Opera Instituti archaeologici Sloveniae 1, Ljubljana 1995 (COBISS)
Mesto je prav tako sedež okrožja, v katerega so poleg njegovih vključeni še kantoni Beausset, Collobrières, la Crau, Cuers, la Garde, Hyères-Vzhod/Zahod, Ollioules, Saint-Mandrier-sur-Mer, la Seyne-sur-Mer, Six-Fours-les-Plages, Solliès-Pont in la Valette-du-Var s 526.755 prebivalci.
Klemen je 43. najbolj pogosto osebno moško ime v Sloveniji. Leta 2004 je bilo 5.646 oz. 0,6 % vseh moških s tem imenom. Klement je 1042. najbolj pogosto moško ime; leta 2004 je bilo tako poimenovanih le 22 moških.
V zadnjih letih je otok ponovno znan zaradi dveh filmov, in sicer Zastave naših očetov (Flags of Our Fathers) in Pisma z Iwo Jime (Leters from Iwo Jima), ki prikazujeta medvojne dogodke iz različnih zornih kotov.
Od takrat naprej nikoli več ne pojde sam k svoji ljubi, vedno ga spremlja njegov prijatelj, ki se v vasi umakne v gostilno in ga počaka. Ko bi bil še danes živ bi vsem govoril, da v skrinji zagotovo ni bila živa stvar, ampak nekaj mrtvega.
Projekt Macintosh se je začel leta 1979 pod vodstvom Jefa Raskina, ki si je predstavljal računalnik, ki bi bil poceni, preprost za uporabo in tako dosegljiv za povprečnega uporabnika. Njegove ideje so bile zbrane v The Book Of Macintosh. Raskin je presenetljivo vztrajal pri uporabi tipk namesto miške kot kazalne naprave.
Leta 1524 je bila predlagana gradnja utrjenega mesta na polotoku Sciberras, ko je red svetega Janeza poslal komisijo, da bi pregledala malteške otoke. Takrat je bila edina utrdba na polotoku opazovalni stolp milice, ki ga je postavilo aragonsko kraljestvo leta 1488. Stolp je bil okrepljen leta 1533, vendar predlagano mesto ni bilo zgrajeno, saj se je red osredotočil na gradnjo utrdb v Birguju, ki je postal njihovo oporišče.
Leta 1772 je Herder izdal knjigo Razprava o izvoru jezika in šel še dlje v promociji jezika kot pri njegovi prejšnji odredbi "izpljuni grde polže iz Sene, Govori nemško, ti Nemec". Herder je tako ustanovil temelje primerjalne filologije v tokovih novih političnih obeti.
Zerstörergeschwader 1 (dobesedno slovensko: Uničevalni polk 1; kratica ZG 1) je bil težko-lovski letalski polk (Geschwader) v sestavi nemške Luftwaffe med drugo svetovno vojno.
10. oktobra 2014 jo je vlada Mira Cerarja izbrala za kandidatko za Slovensko komisarko v Evropski uniji., kar je zaradi preglasovanja s strani SMC sprožilo negodovanje koalicijskih partnerjev. Na seji vlade so jo 15. oktobra 2014 podprle vse koalicijske partnerice. Podprl jo je tudi bodoči predsednik Evropske komisije Juncker in ji dodelil resor za promet.
Matic je glavni junak in obiskuje 3. b razred. Je edinec, ki si želi domače živali. Matic je na začetku zgodbe poln predsodkov do Blažke nato pa spozna v kakšni stiski živi in skupaj z Urošem ji skušata pomagati. Kljub nekaj zapletom jima na koncu to tudi uspe.
Leta 1686 so Budim osvojili Habsburžani, ki so v mesto naselili veliko Nemcev, da bi obnovili v vojnah opustošeno mesto. Leta 1690 se je med veliko selitvijo Srbov pod vodstvom patriarha Arsenija Čarnojevića v budimsko četrt Tabán priselilo tudi veliko Srbov. Srbi so se tja priseljevali že pred tem.
Sezona Formule 1 1960 je bila enajsta sezona svetovnega prvenstva Formule 1 pod okriljem FIE. Začela se je 7. februarja 1960 z dirko za Veliko nagrado Argentine, končala pa 20. novembra 1960 z deseto dirko sezone za Veliko nagrado ZDA. Dirkaški naslov je osvojil Avstralec Jack Brabham, moštvenega pa Cooper.
Pesem »Change« je pristala na dvajsetem mestu nadaljevanja lestvice Billboard Hot 100, Billboardovi lestvici Bubbling Under Hot 100 23. avgusta 2008. V naslednjem tednu je pesem pristala na desetem mestu lestvice Hot 100, kasneje pa zaradi uspešnosti digitalne prodaje na tretjem mestu Billboardove lestvice Hot Digital Songs.
Herder, ki ni maral absolutizma in pruskega nacionalizma, se je kot zgodovinski teoretik umaknil iz svetlobe 18. stoletja. Poskušal je uskladiti njegov koncept o čustvih z razmišljanjem, s pomočjo katerega je vse znanje implicitno v duši: najbolj osnovna stopnja je čutna in intuitivno zaznavna, kar z razvijanjem lahko postane samozavestno in racionalno. Za Herderja je ta razvoj harmonizacija enostavne in neizvirne resnice, izkušenj ter inteligentnosti, čustvovanja in razumevanja.
Njegovi začetki jamarstva so bili v jamarskem klubu Speleos - Siga, kjer je aktivno deloval vse do konca. Jamarstvo je zanj postala glavna ljubiteljska aktivnost. Aktivno se je začel z jamarstvom ukvarjati leta 1984 s članstvom v jamarskem klubu Speleos - Siga v Velenju. Kasneje je postal tudi jamski reševalec.
Leta 2014 so združili moči s skupino Rock Partyzani in posneli skladbo Nocoj pri meni druga spi. Prvič so jo izvedli na koncertu ob 50-letnici avtorja skladbe Aleša Klinarja.
Hausdorff-Bezikovičeva razsežnost ali Hausdorffova razsežnost je v matematiki nenegativno realno število, ki leži znotraj zaprtega neskončnega intervala [0, ∞] in je povezano s poljubnim metričnim prostorom. Leta 1918 jo je vpeljal Felix Hausdorff. Veliko tehničnih izboljšav za izračunavanje Hausdorff-Bezikovičeve razsežnosti zelo nepravilnih množic je dal Abraham Samojlovič Bezikovič. Manj pogosto jo imenujejo tudi prostorna razsežnost ali fraktalna razsežnost.
Ime je dobila po britanskem generalu W. D.Morganu, načelniku štaba pri vrhovnem komandantu za Sredozemlje, feldmaršalu Haroldu Alexandru. Ta je poslal Morgana v Beograd kjer je na pogajanjih s predsednikom enotne vlade Demokratične federativne Jugoslavije maršalom Josipom Brozom Titom 8. in 9. maja 1945 zaman skušal doseči umik Jugoslovanske armade za črto, ki je po Slovenskem ozemlju potekala od obale severno nad Koprom, nadaljevala vzhodno od Trsta čez Kras vzhodno od Sežane in Komna, čez Vipavsko dolino zahodno od Ajdovščine dalje do vzhodnega roba Gorice in čez Banjško ter Šentviško planoto, do izliva Idrijce v Sočo in naprej proti severu ter se ustavila ob avstrijski meji 5 km vzhodno od Trbiža na prelazu Megvarje-Vrata nad naseljem Megvarje. Potek razmejitvene črte je omogočal anglo-američanom, da so imeli prometne poti med Trstom in Gorico ter Avstrijo v svojih rokah. Na jugu pa je pod zavezniško upravo prišlo še glavno istrski mesto Pulj ter nekatera pristanišča v zahodni Istri. Zahodne sile naj bi imele svojo vojaško upravo zahodno od te črte (t. i. cona A Julijske krajine), in Jugoslovanska armada vzhodno od nje (cona B Julijske krajine), dokler ne bi vprašanja pripadnosti tega ozemlja rešila mirovna konferenca.
Drobnovratnik (znanstveno ime Leptodirus hochenwartii, pogosto zapisan tudi kot L. hohenwarti), edina vrsta iz rodu Leptodirus (grško leptos - ozek, deiros - vrat), je prvi opisani jamski hrošč na svetu. Leta 1831 ga je v Postojnski jami našel pomožni svetilničar in vodnik Luka Čeč. Ime drobnovratnik je dobil zaradi paličasto oblikovanega oprsja, ki spominja na vrat.
Pod mirnskim gradom, ki stoji na nizki vzpetini nad dolino, napravi reka širok zavoj proti jugu in priteče do naselja Mirna in tu naenkrat postane prava ravninska reka. Med nizkimi okoliškimi hribi je tu okoli 10 km dolga in do 2 km široka Mirnska dolina in po njenem širokem dnu je nekoč tekla Mirna v vijugastem toku, zdaj pa speljana v ravno in enolično umetno strugo. Dolinsko dno je danes večinoma v njivah, vstran od reke pa se površje skoraj neopazno dviga v terase in nizke vzpetine, prekrite z debelo rdeče rjavo ilovico, na katerih je tako na severnem kot južnem obrobju slikovit venec majhnih vasic in zaselkov. V tem delu je porečje Mirne izrazito asimetrično: iz Posavskega hribovja na severu priteka vanjo več dolgih levih pritokov (Jeseniščica, Bistrica, Busenka, Sotla), iz Krškega hribovja na jugu le kratki desni pritoki.
Zaposlen na Inštitutu za slovenski jezik Frana Ramovša Znanstvenoraziskovalnega centra Slovenske akademije znanosti in umetnosti. Predava tudi na Oddelku za primerjalno in splošno jezikoslovje Filozofske fakultete Univerze v Ljubljani. Ustanovil je revijo Slovenski jezik / Slovene Linguistic Studies. Od leta 2008 je predstojnik Inštituta za slovenski jezik Frana Ramovša ZRC SAZU.
Zaradi Laffitove nesreče je morala v moštvu Ligier padla, zaradi česar se niso več tako posvečali razvoju dirkalnika. Arnoux in nadomestni dirkač Philippe Alliot sta skupaj na zadnjih šestih dirkah sezone dosegla le eno uvrstitev med dobitnike točk, tako da je moštvo osvojilo peto mesto v konstruktorskem prvenstvu, še vedno pa so bili najboljše moštvo s Pirellijevimi pnevmatikami.
Junija 2008 je BBC potrdil, da se serija Torchwood vrača s tretjo sezono. Za razliko od prvih dveh sezon je bila tretja posneta v obliki mini serije v petih delih po 60 minut, prikazana pa bo v celoti v enem tednu poleti 2009. Svoje vloge bodo v tretji sezoni ponovno odigrali John Barrowman, Eve Myles, Gareth David-Lloyd in Kai Owen.
Jezikoslovci se ne strinjajo z ljudskim mišljenjem, da je reka dobila svoje ime zaradi počasnega, mirnega toka, ampak menijo, da je ime starejšega slovanskega izvora. Sedanje ime naj bi nastalo z zamenjavo soglasnikov iz imena Nyrina ali Nirina, to pa iz slovanskega glagola nyrati = prihajati iz zemlje (reka, ki privre iz jame). To možnost naj bi nakazovalo tudi nemško ime Neyring za reko Mirno. Prav tako se v starejših zgodovinskih virih reka omenja samo v temu imenu podobnih oblikah, npr. inter fluenta Nirine (1016), inter fluenta Nirinae (1028), Niringa (1130), Neyring (1436).
3. december - predstavniki 121 držav podpišejo t. i. Ottawsko pogodbo, konvencijo o prepovedi protipehotnih min; med podpisniki ni Kitajske, Rusije in ZDA.
Leta 1982 je postal predstojnik Inštituta za arheologijo ZRC SAZU, ki ga je vodil do leta 2000. Je član Conseil Permanent de l’Union Internationale des Sciences Préhistoriquies et Protohistoriques in od leta 1992 dopisni član Nemškega arheološkega inštituta (Deutsches Archäologisches Institut) v Berlinu.
V času Srbske revolucije je prepoznan kot vpliven člen srbske narodne in kulturne preroditve. Velik zagovornik razsvetljenja in racionalnih idej je ob tem bil velik pristaš Srbske ortodoksne cerkve. Štet je tudi kot začetnik moderne srbske literature, a praviloma prepoznan, kot je samostanska navada, po svojem enem imenu Dositej, ki ga je pridobil v samostanu Hopovo. Kot prevajalec je pomemben zaradi prevoda Ezopovih basni in nekaterih drugih evropskih klasik v srbski jezik.
QUNO deluje v Ženevi in New Yorku, kjer se posvetujejo z Ekonomskim in socialnim svetom Združenim narodov v imenu Komisije prijateljev sveta za posvetovanje.
18. september - prebivalci Walesa na referendumu podprejo večjo suverenost znotraj Združenega kraljestva in ustanovitev Državnega zbora za Wales.
O zmagovalcu posamezne epizode odloča glasovanje žirantov in tekmovalcev (50 %) ter gledalcev (50 %). Žiranti najprej podelijo "evrovizijske" točke (12, 10, 9–4), tem se prištejejo glasovi tekmovalcev (vsak izmed njih da 5 točk tistemu sotekmovalcu, ki je bil po njegovem mnenju najboljši) in seštevek se pretvori v evrovizijske točke. Drugo polovico pa predstavljajo telefonski glasovi gledalcev, ki se prav tako pretvorijo v točke 12–4 (brez 11). Končni skupni seštevek da zmagovalca. V primeru izenačenja ima večjo težo televoting.
Serijo snemajo po okriljem BBC-jevega valižanskega oddelka BBC Wales. Prvi dve epizodi prve sezone so premierno predvajali 22. oktobra 2006 na televizijskih postajah BBC Three ter BBC HD. Druga sezona je doživela premiero na BBC Two in BBC HD 16. januarja 2008. Potrdili so tudi tretjo sezono nadaljevanke, ki pa bo spremenila format in jo bodo gledalci lahko spremljali kot mini serijo v petih delih. Tretja sezona je bila premierno predvajana julija 2009.
bastijon svetega Krištofa – dvostopenjski pentagonalni bastijon, danes prerezan za obvoznico Vallette. Na zgornjem delu so spodnji vrtovi Barrakka, medtem ko sta na spodnjem delu spomenik obleganju Bell War in spomenik neznanemu vojaku. Nizka baterija je bila zgrajena v bližini bastijona v 1680-ih, vendar je večina porušena zaradi obvoznice;
V mednarodnih revijah je objavil več znanstvenih člankov. Ukvarja se tudi s pedagoškim delom. Poleg predavanj na univerzah v Argentini je predaval tudi na univerzah v Franciji, Peruju in ZDA ter na Mednarodni šoli za nadaljevalni študij v Trstu. Aktivno sodeluje na simpozijih IAU.
Leta 1494 se je novi Neapeljski kralj Alfonso povezal s papežem Aleksandrom VI., ki sta ogrožala Milano. Ludovico se je odločil, da ga brani z uporabo Francije, kjer je vladal močan Karel VIII. Francoski, kot njegovim zaveznikom. Dovolil je francoskim vojakom iti skozi Milano, tako so lahko napadli Neapelj. Vendar pa ambicija Karla ni bila samo Neaplju, in je nato zahteval še Milano. Bridko je obžaloval svojo odločitev, zato je Ludovico vstopil v zavezništvo z Maksimilijanom I. Habsburškim tako, da mu je ponudil v zakon svojo nečakinjo Bianco Sforza in sprejel, v zameno, imperialno investituro vojvodino in vstop v ligo proti Franciji.
Galeazzo Maria je vladal do njegovega umora leta 1476, nakar so bili naslovi preneseni na sedem let starega sina, Gian Galeazzo Sforza, Ludovicovega nečaka. Sledil je grenak boj za regentstvo s fantovo materjo, Bono Savojsko. Ludovico se je pojavil kot zmagovalec leta 1481 in prevzel nadzor nad vlado v Milanu, kljub poskusom, da ga zadržijo stran od moči. Naslednjih 13 let je vladal Milanu kot regent, ki je imel prej še vlogo vojvode Barija v letu 1479.
Turkish Aerospace Industries, Inc. - TAI(turško Türk Havacılık ve Uzay Sanayi A.Ş., TUSAŞ) je turško letalskovesoljsko podjetje s sedežem v Ankari. Poleg svojih letal, podjetje proizvaja tudi komponentne za letala proizvajalcev Airbus in Boeing in komponentne za helikopterje proizvajalcev Eurocopter, Sikorsky in AgustaWestland. TAI proizvaja tudi vojaške in komercialne satelite.
Hoffman-Singletonov graf je v teoriji grafov 7-regularni neusmerjeni graf s 50 točkami in 175 povezavami. Je edini krepkopovezani graf s parametri (50,7,0,1). Skonstruirala sta ga Alan Jerome Hoffman in Robert R. Singleton pri klasifikaciji vseh Mooreovih grafov. Hoffman-Singletonov graf je Mooreov graf z največjim znanim redom. Ker je Mooreov graf v katerem ima vsaka točka stopnjo 7, njegov notranji obseg pa je 5, je tudi (7,5)-kletka.
Avgust Pirjevec: Seliškar, Anton (1897–1964). Slovenska biografija. Slovenska akademija znanosti in umetnosti, Znanstvenoraziskovalni center SAZU, 2013.
Rodil se je v Mohrungenu (danes Morąg) v Prusiji. Živel je v revni družini, učil pa se je s pomočjo glasbene knjige in očetove Biblije. Leta 1762 se je vpisal na univerzo v Königsbergu, kjer je postal študent Immanuela Kanta. Ob istem času je tudi postal intelektualni varovanec Johanna Georga Hamanna, ki je izpodbijal trditve posvetnega razloga.
V naselju živi 300 polnoletnih prebivalcev, pri čemer je njihova povprečna starost 50,9 let (49,2 pri moških in 52,5 pri ženskah). Naselje ima 136 gospodinjstev, pri čemer je povprečno število članov na gospodinjstvo 2,50.
Airbus se je odločil ponuditi A330neo, ker se je najmanjši član družine A350, A350-800 sorazmerno slabo prodajal in ga bodo najverjetneje preklicali. A330 je namenjen porabi na srednjih progah (6000-10000 kilometrov).
Leta 2016 so skupaj z Ansamblom Nemir posneli pesem Vsaka punca rada ima. Za pesem so posneli tudi videospot. Član ansambla Nemir, Matej Barbo, je brat kitarista in basista ansambla Novi spomini, Denisa in Roka Barba.
V zasebnem življenju je bil biseksualen. Leta 1662 se je poročil z Madelaine Lambert, hčerko svojega prijatelja Michela. Z ženo sta imela 10 otrok. Naslednje obdobje je bilo polno škandalov zaradi nebrzdanih Lullyjevih ljubezenskih zvez z različnimi ženskami in dečki. Kralja Ludvika XIV. so mojstrove avanture jezile, vendar mu je vedno znova odpuščal, saj je bil skladatelj eden redkih pravih prijateljev. 1681 je postal tajnik na dvoru in si pridobil plemiški naslov. 8. januarja 1687 je Lully vodil izvedbo svojega Te Deuma v čast kralju. Ravno je prebolel daljše prehladno obolenje, ko se mu je pojavilo vnetje palca na nogi, v katerega se je večkrat udaril, ko je dajal takt s palico (udarjal je ob tla). Razvila se je gangrena, amputacijo prsta pa je odklonil. Rezultat je bila mojstrova smrt 22. marca 1687. Malo pred smrtjo si je na posteljo napisal: »Bisogna morire peccatore« - »Umreti moraš, grešnik«.
Po prizadevanju Četrtnih skupnosti Sostro, Golovec, Moste in Jarše je bila linija 2. aprila 2013 podaljšana do postajališča Žale. Tako so potniki dobili dodatne možnosti za prestop na še več avtobusnih linij. Z junijem 2013 je linija ponovno obratovala vse leto.
Med jogo tišine ni uporabe fizičnih ali miselnih tehnik (denimo asan, meditacije). Zahodna veja Jnana joge (joge spoznanja) je usmerjena k neposrednemu samouresničenju. Klasično filozofsko izročilo govori o zavedanju sebe oziroma samozavedanju. V jogijskem izročilu »tišina« označuje brezčasen izvor obstoja, v katerem vse nastane in nato ponovno izgine.
2002a. Etimologija imen. V: Rzetelska-Feleszko, Ewa (ur.), Cieślikowa, Aleksandra (ur.). Słowiańska onomastika, Encyklopedia. Warszawa; Kraków: Towarzystwo Naukowe Warszawskie, t. 1, str. 152—154. (COBISS)
Leta 1994 je judovski skrajnež napadel arabske prebivalce med molitvijo v Ibrahimovi mošeji. Pokol nad Arabci je zahteval 29 smrtnih žrtev in 125 ranjenih, preden so ubili napadalca. V nemirih, ki so sledili je bilo ubitih 25 Arabcev in 9 Judov. Izraelska vlada je dogodek obsodila in posledično prepovedala skrajno judovsko stranko Kach.
Prvi del govori o Alešu, zagrizenem kristjanu, ki sovraži vse Jude, saj je Jud nekoč izdal Kristusa. Je lastnik papirnice, njegova edina konkurenca je Hertšajnova tiskarna. Aleš ga sovraži, ker je Jud, in si hoče pridobiti njegovo podjetje. Ker spremlja politiko, ve, da bo v Olšnico kmalu prišla Hitlerjeva vojska, ki bo preganjala Jude. Zaradi tega se spoprijatelji z Nemcem in z njim sklene dogovor, da bo tiskarna za dober denar lahko njegova, potem ko se bodo Nemci prilastili židovskega imetja. Ljudje ga zato označijo za narodnega izdajalca.
Franci Zagoričnik, Skoraj zapisani odličnosti. Nova Gorica, Koper, Idrija: Društvo sociologov in politologov severnoprimorskih občin (1996) (COBISS)
bastijon svetega Petra in Pavla – dvostopenjski vogalni bastijon na vzhodni skrajni strani spredaj. Zgornji del so zdaj zgornji vrtovi Barrakka, medtem ko je na spodnjem delu topovska baterija. Utrdba Lascaris iz 19. stoletja je pod bastijonom.
Yellow Horn je začel hokej igrati v sezoni 2003/04, ko je v zahodnoameriški ligi WHL zastopal barve moštev Lethbridge Hurricanes in Tri-City Americans. V petih sezonah v ligi je stalno presegal mejo ene točke na tekmo. V sezoni 2007/08 je zadel 48 zadetkov, s čimer je osvojil naslov najboljšega strelca lige. Prav tako je s 97 točkami postal tretji najučinkovitejši igralec lige. Leta 2008 je bil izbran v prvo postavo zahodne All-Star selekcije lige WHL. Kljub zelo učinkoviti igri v napadu pa ga ni na NHL naboru izbrala nobena ekipa.
Njune uspehe je zasenčila Gertyjina neozdravljiva bolezen, ki se je razvila konec 1940. let. Prvi znaki mieloskleroze, motnje v delovanju kostnega mozga, ki povzroča anemijo, so se pokazali na smučanju poleti 1947. Za to boleznijo je trpela še naslednjih deset let, odvisna od rednih krvnih transfuzij, a je kljub temu nadaljevala z delom skoraj do konca. Umrla je na njunem domu v St. Louisu leta 1957.
Tudi novinar revije Rolling Stone, Barry Walters, je koncertu v Oaklandu dodelil pozitivno oceno: »Kylie Minogue nima močnega vokala, a, podobno kot Diana Ross, vseeno samozavestno priredi uspešne turneje. [...] Koncert se je pričel z mešanico njene pesmi 'Burning Up' in Madonnine pesmi 'Vogue' in večina koncerta je pravzaprav nadaljevanje Madonnine turneje Blonde Ambition, a tega vseeno niso mogli doseči. [...] Razlika je v tem, da ima Kylie Minogue blišč, ki se ga ne da kupiti. Celo sredi vseh tistih posebnih efektov je najuspešnejša njena karizma, ki občinstvo naravnost zasvoji.« Kljub temu pa je Barry Walters kritiziral audio učinke: »... čez mešanico različnih pesmi iz njenih zadnjih treh albumov, singlov drugih izvajalcev in neizdanega gradiva njena glasbena skupina pogosto ne sledi Kyliejini pop popolnosti. Mnogo pesmi, predvajanih na začetku turneje, so tako spremenili, da so postale skoraj nerazpoznavne.« Pohvalil pa je odrsko karizmo Kylie Minogue: »Kadar mora, lahko Kylie svoje majhno telo vrti po odru tako, da sledi profesionalnim plesalcem. Še bolj zanimiva je bila njena drža: pogosto je naredila nepotrebne gibe in včasih se je zdelo, da je v zraku počasnejša, kot ji dopušča gravitacija. Pri enainštiridesetih je bolj privlačna kot je bila v svojih dvajsetih. Njena milina je še bolj neverjetna, njen čar pa je v njeni skrivnostnosti.« Omenil je tudi nepričakovano metanje blazin oboževalcev na oder med nastopom pesmi »Wow«, s katerim so želeli izraziti svoje navdušenje, na katerega se je Kylie Minogue odzvala tako, da je nekatere blazine prijela, »kot da bi ji dali naravnost neverjetno prijetno presenečenje«: »Samo najboljši zvezdniki se lahko znajdejo tudi v tako nepričakovanih situacijah in Kylie je ena od njih.«
Pred II. svetovno vojno so premogarji kot zaščitna sredstva nosili odslužena vsakodnevna oblačila, klobuk ali kapo po vojni pa čelado, delovno obleko, zaščitne rokavice, golenico, samoreševalec, očala in masko s filtrom za prah.
Gregory Claeys (ed.), Encyclopedia of Modern Political Thought, Routledge, 2004, "Herder, Johann Gottfried": "Herder is an anticolonialist cosmopolitan precisely because he is a nationalist".
Zgodba govori o deklici Souad, ki se želi poročiti, da bi se rešila očeta, ki jo kar naprej zmerja in pretepa. Ampak najprej se je mora po tamkajšnjih zakonih poročiti njena starejša sestra. Pri 17. letih se Souad prvič zaljubi v njihovega soseda. Imeta kratko romanco, ki se za Souad konča usodno, saj z njim zanosi. To za njo pomeni smrt. Ko za to izvejo domači, se odločijo, da jo bodo usmrtili, saj jim je nakopala veliko sramoto. Za izvedbo umora določijo njenega svaka. Ta jo polije z bencinom in zažge. V očeh vaščanov je junak, ker je izvršil zločin iz časti, v resnici pa je zagrešil umor.
bastijon svetega Jakoba je velik topokotni bastijon z vogalnim stolpičem na svojem izpostavljenem vogalu. Njegov debeli parapet s topovskimi strelnicami je bil uničen. V njem sta Centralna banka Malte in parkirišče;
Fatshe leno la rona (slovensko Blagoslovljena bodi, plemenita dežela) je državna himna Bocvane. Napisal in uglasbil jo je Kgalemang Tumedisco Motsete, himna je postala z neodvisnostjo leta 1966.
Mirna z nekaterimi pritoki je tudi ribolovna reka, saj se je z zmanjšanjem onesnaževanja in s prizadevanji ribičev iz Ribiške družine Sevnica stanje v reki občutno izboljšalo. V njej mdr. živijo klen (Leuciscus cephalus cephalus), mrena (Barbus barbus), lipan (Thymallus thymallus), potočna postrv (Salmo trutta) in šarenka (Oncorhynchus mykiss).
Debélo črevó (tudi širôko črevó, lat. intestinum crassum) je pri človeku in rastlinojedih živalih zadnji odsek prebavne cevi. Je del črevesja; začne se za tankim črevesom in se konča z zadnjikom.
Taylor Swift je dejala, da je pesem napisala »dan za tem, ko sem dobila nagrado CMA Horizon Award ... govori o tem, kako je biti v majhni glasbeni založbi v tej veliki glasbeni industriji.« Dejala je tudi, da je bila pesem »alternativno najprej namenjena tekmovanju ... Olimpijskim igram, za med odmor, saj o tem pesem pravzaprav govori.«
Glasbeno se je mdr. izobraževal pri Nikolaju Rimskemu-Korsakovu, trinajst let pa je bil tudi sam pedagog (njegov učenec je bil Sergej Prokofjev). Po letu 1921 je deloval v Parizu. Najbolj je poznan kot avtor baletov, pisal pa je tudi opere, komorno in simfonično glasbo.
Bizjak je po drugi svetovni vojni začel oživljati telesnokulturno dejavnost v Sevnici, kjer je bil med ustanovitelji Telovadnega društva Partizan Sevnica. Kasneje je bil 37 let predsednik tega društva v katerem je načtoval, organiziral in vodil številne sekcije in dejavnosti. Za svoje zasluge je prejel več priznanj, med drugim leta 1983 Bloudkovo plaketo »za uspešno delo v organizaciji TVD Partizan«.
Po pripojitvi Provanse k Franciji za časa Karla VIII. je Toulon postal glavno pristanišče francoske vojaške flote. Leta 1707, v času vojne za špansko nasledstvo, je tu potekala bitka za Toulon, leta 1744, v vojni za avstrijsko nasledstvo, pa še pomorska bitka. Med obema bitkama, leta 1720, je kuga pomorila približno polovico prebivalstva. Med francosko revolucijo so ga za kratek čas ob podpori francoskih rojalistov zasedli Angleži in Španci, vendar je Toulon znova zasedla francoska revolucionarna vojska po njegovem obleganju (1793), v katerem je imel odločilno vlogo tedaj še načelnik topništva Napoleon Bonaparte.
JS27 je bil eden zadnjih konkurenčnih dirkalnikov s strani Ligiera, kajti od naslednje sezone 1987 pa vse do sezone 1993 so bili eno slabših moštev. JS27 je bila tudi zadnja šasija Ligiera, ki je na dirki vodila, do zmage Oliviera Panisa na dirki za Veliko nagrado Monaka v sezone 1996.
Segonzac je sedež istoimenskega kantona, v katerega so poleg njegove vključene še občine Ambleville, Angeac-Champagne, Bourg-Charente, Criteuil-la-Magdeleine, Gensac-la-Pallue, Genté, Gondeville, Juillac-le-Coq, Lignières-Sonneville, Mainxe, Saint-Fort-sur-le-Né, Saint-Même-les-Carrières, Saint-Preuil, Salles-d'Angles in Verrières z 12.099 prebivalci.
Nasledil ga je Thomas Cochrane, ki je umrl leta 1885; nasledil ga je njegov najstarejši sin Douglas Cochrane (umrl leta 1935), ki je bil generalporočnik v Kraljevi vojski. Nasledil ga je sin Thomas Hesketh Cochrane, ki pa je leta 1958 umrl neporočen. Posledično ga je nasledil njegov nečak Ian Douglas Cochrane (umrl leta 1986), ki je bil sin Douglasa Roberta Hesketha Rogerja Cochrana, drugega sina dvanajstega Earla. Trenutni Earl pa je Ian Alexander Cochrane.
Crepar je trgovina s pripomočki za šaljivce, v katero sta zelo rada zahajala večna šaljivca Fred in George Weasley. Kmalu Fred in George s pomočjo Harryja odpreta svojo trgovino za šaljivce na Prečni ulici. Kasneje želita udi kupiti to trgovino, vendar pri tem nista uspešna. Kupiti sta jo nameravala v času ko se je njun brat Ron Weasley zastrupil.
Temeljni kamen mesta je položil veliki mojster Jean Valette 28. marca 1566 in novo mesto so v njegovo čast imenovali Valletta. Obzidje je bilo med prvimi objekti v gradnji in je bilo v glavnem končano v 1570-ih. Pri oblikovanju mesta je bilo nekaj sprememb, zgrajena sta bila le dva kavalirja, medtem ko arzenala in mandrača niso nikoli zgradili. Utrdbo svetega Elma, ki je bila močno poškodovana med obleganjem leta 1565, so obnovili in jo vključili v mestno obzidje.
Nekatere cerkve v Sloveniji imajo postavljen tudi zunanji križev pot v obliki 14 kapelic (ali znamenj), od katerih vsaka predstavlja po eno postajo. Take kapelice so pogosto postavljene po pobočju hriba, ki se potem imenuje Kalvarija, ker predstavlja hrib, na katerem je bil Jezus križan.
Petrov je priimek v Sloveniji in tujini. Po podatkih Statističnega urada Republike Slovenije je na dan 1. januarja 2010 v Slovenjiji uporabljalo ta priimek 133 oseb.
O poreklu imena Budim obstaja več hipotez. Ena od njih trdi, da ima isti izvor kot slovansko ime Budimir. Druga pravi, da je ime izpeljano iz besede, ki jo je lokalno prebivalstvo uporabljalo za vodo in je nekako povezano na bližnjo Donavo, tretja pa, da se imenuje po svojem ustanovitelju Bledi, bratu hunskega poglavarja Atile.
Omeniti je treba tudi to, da bi si papež Martin z nepriznavanjem Konstanškega koncila samemu sebi spodnesel tla pod nogami, saj je bila namreč od veljavnosti koncila, ki ga je izvolil za papeža, odvisna tudi zakonitost in veljavnost njegove izvolitve.
Grb Občine Šentilj je upodobljen na ščitu poznogotskega stila, sanitske oblike. V zelenem polju ščita je znak, katerega trije med seboj zraščeni deli tvorijo celoto heraldičnega atributa. Na dnu znaka je zlati krog, ki je 3,5-krat ožji od ščita. Iz kroga se dviga ležeč, od temeljnega droga 2-krat širši polmesec, katerega notranji profil zajeda šest polkrožnih vdolbin. Iz polmesečeve sredine se dviga srebrni patriarhalni križ, katerega tramovi so 4-krat ožji od premera temeljnega kroga. Konice polmeseca, vrh križa in konce križevih ramen zaključujejo od temeljnega kroga 2,5 krat manjši, v zlate krožce oblikovani nastavki.
Po predvidevanjih nastajajo na mestih, kjer se pod premikajočo ploščo nahajajo stalni viri visokih temperatur, ki povzročajo taljenje in konvekcijo ter ognjeniško aktivnost. Podmorske vroče točke so praviloma neeksplozivne narave, kopenske pa so lahko tako eksplozivne kot neeksplozivne. Po Zemljinem površju je najti 40 ali 50 vročih točk.
V četrtem delu nastopata Franc in sin Matija. Goričanci so plenili judovske trgovine in Matija je iz neke trgovine vzel radijski sprejemnik. V tem ni videl nič slabega, saj so stvari jemali vsi prebivalci. Oče ga je pretepel in poslal k spovedi, sprejemnik pa je moral vrniti. Če ga hoče imeti, naj ga kupi.
Leta 1981 ga je France Bezlaj povabil k sodelovanju pri svojem Etimološkem slovarju slovenskega jezika. Za to delo je napisal dobršen del etimoloških člankov, nekaj že za drugo knjigo (1982), posebno pa za tretjo (1995) in četrto (2005). Prilagodil je programsko opremo, potrebno za redakcije in natis tretje in četrte knjige, in izdelal dodatne podprogramske rešitve za zaključno peto knjigo, Kazala (2007). Za sodelovanje pri tretji knjigi Bezlajevega slovarja je prejel zlati znak ZRC SAZU. Leta 1997 je izšla prva, leta 2003 pozneje pa druga, dopolnjena izdaja njegovega poljudnoznanstvenega Slovenskega etimološkega slovarja.
Na koncu koncila je papež povzel to učenje, ki zavrača heretične trditve in ga izdal 22. februarja 1418 v nekakem katekizemskem priročniku za cerkvene in civilne oblasti Inter cunctas; sestavljen je v obliki vprašanj, ki naj jih postavljajo tistim, ki so osumljeni herezije.
Jakob je mlad fant, ki se pripravlja na poroko in si je že izbral ženo. Vsi ostali so bili nanj zelo ljubosumni, saj si je izbral najlepšo in iz vplivne družine. Zelo rad je pel in si žvižgal različne smešne pesmi. Jakob je tudi zelo bojazljiv človek, ki se kaj hitro prestraši določenih stvari. Jakob tudi ne rad tvega, da se mu ne bi enaka stvar ponovila še enkrat, zato vedno jemlje s seboj prijatelja, ki ga bo lahko rešil pred hudim.
Leta 1313 ga je oglejski patriarh Otobon na pobudo Henrika II. Goriškega imenoval za škofa v majhni škofiji Novigrad. Posvetil ga je poreški škof Graciadej. Kot škof te majhne, revne in nemirne škofije je opravljal delo patriarhovega generalnega vikarja in pontificalibusa predvsem na sedežu patriarhata v Čedadu. To službo je opravljal tudi po imenovanju novega patriarha Pagana Turna vse do svoje smrti leta 1331 v Čedadu.
Rihard je bil sin Henrika II. in Eleonore Akvitanske, zato je spadal k rodbini Plantagenetov. Kot mladenič si je pridobil vzdevek Levjesrčni. Kmalu je postal vojvoda Akvitanije. Bolje je govoril francosko kot angleško. Na strani francoskega kralja se je celo boril proti svojemu očetu. Leta 1189 je postal vladar Anglije in polovice Francije. Kmalu po kronanju je odšel na tretjo križarsko vojno. S Francozi (vladar Filip II. Francoski) in cesarskimi četami (vladar Friderik I. Barbarossa, umrl na poti) je Rihard 1191 osvojil Ciper, Akko in premagal Saladina. Ko so se Francozi po zavzetju Akke umaknili, je tudi Rihard odšel. Na poti domov je doživel brodolom. Na poti skozi Avstrijo ga je ujel Leopold V. Babenberški. Angleži so za njegovo izpustitev morali plačati veliko ton srebra. Po izpustitvi 1194 se je vojskoval s Francozi. Umrl je zaradi zastrupljene rane blizu Limogesa.
Osnovno šolo je najprej obiskoval v Loškem potoku, v Postojni naredil tri razrede meščanske šole in nato v Ljubljani dokončal dvorazredno trgovsko šolo. Med prvo svetovno vojno se je boril na fronti, nato je opravljal službo bančnega uradnika v Mariboru in Slovenj Gradcu. Med drugo svetovno vojno je bil 1941 pregnan v Srbijo in štiri leta služboval v Beogradu. Leta 1945 se je vrnil v Ljubljano, opravil šolanje za ekonomskega tehnika in leta 1952 diplomiral na Ekonomski fakulteti v Ljubljani.
Saint-Germain-en-Laye je zahodno predmestje Pariza in občina v osrednji francoski regiji Île-de-France, podprefektura departmaja Yvelines. Leta 1999 je naselje imelo 38.423 prebivalcev.
Utrdbe so bile opuščene med poznim 19. in v začetku 20. stoletja. Nekatere dele, kot so utrdbi svetega Elma in Lascaris ter topovske baterije, so uporabljali še po drugi svetovni vojni, utrdba svetega Elma je bila opuščena leta 1972. Utrdbe so bile uvrščene na seznam starin leta 1925.
→ Po arabski zmagi in bizantinskem debaklu v bitki pri Azadu bizantinski general Jurij Manijak izkoristi neurejen umik Arabcev z bizantinskim pratežem in jih v protinapadu premaga.
Pomanjkanje antimaterije pomeni, da ni takoj na razpolago za gorivo. Izdelava atoma z antimaterijo je izredno težka in zahteva pospeševalnike delcev in velike količine energije. Milijonkrat večje od tistih, ki se sprostijo pri anihilaciji z običajno snovjo, zaradi neučinkovitosti pretvorbe. Do sedaj so izdelali le prgišče atomov z antimaterijo. Dokler iz še neznanih naravnih izvorov ne najdemo izdatnejših količin antimaterije ali ne dognamo učinkovitejše načine pridobivanja antimaterije, bo antimaterija ostala posebnost in ne spodoben pogonski sistem.
Predalpski svet je že od nekdaj prometno zelo pomemben. Pred dograditvijo železnice sredi 19. stoletja je imela reka Sava pomembno vlogo kot plovna pot. Podobno Dravska dolina med Pohorjem in Kozjakom. Številne ceste, speljane čez to ozemlje, že od nekdaj povezujejo slovenske pokrajine.
Vrtovi so bili prvotno namenjeni vitezom italijanske lože reda svetega Janeza, ki pa so bili odprti za javnost po koncu francoske zasedbe Malte leta 1800.
To je najvišja točka mestnega obzidja in s terase je krasen pogled na pristanišče, tri mesta (Birgu, Senglea in Cospicua), pa tudi prek ladjedelnice na nižje ležeče dele mesta.
2014: Masquerade (NKrešimir Tomec, Igor Leonardi, Nermin Puškar - Igor Leonardi, Nermin Puškar, Lejla Delalić, Donna Osterc - NKrešimir Tomec) (z Nerminom Puškarjem)
Ben Ratliff iz revije The New York Times je koncertu v New York Cityju dodelil mešano oceno: »Tenor celotnega šova je bilo veliko ime; bistvo turneje je bil kult umetnika. Zaradi tega je bil koncert - učinkovit, do potankosti premišljen, radodaren, drag, razdvojen med filmskim igranjem, kostumi ter plesom - zaprt alternativni resničnosti. [...] To, kako se je je med njenim kraljevanju evropskemu popu ameriško občinstvo dolgo izogibalo, je dolga zgodba: in v njej ni nobenega Bronxa. Gdč. Minogue je vsa ta leta preučevala Madonno, a morda ta država poleg Lady Gaga - ki vključuje elemente tako gdč. Minogue in Madonne - potrebuje samo še eno blond, digitalno dobro prodajano, burleskno umetnico, narejeno za stadione. A glas Kylie Minogue je veliko boljši od Madonninega: po vsej verjetnosti zato, ker Kylie vedno poje v obsegu, ki se ji zdi pravi zanjo. In Madonna se je že od vsega začetka spopadala s transgresijo, gdč. Minogue pa svoje nastope sestavlja iz stvari, ki se ji zdijo naravne in ki si jih želi. Med pesmimi, ki jih je izvedla v torek, je mirno pozirala oboževalcem. Poje pesmi o tem, kako naj vsi uživamo življenje, brez kakšnega posebnega sporočila. [...] Nekaterim je veliko pomenilo tudi dejstvo, da je z glasbeno skupino nastopala v živo - bobni, bas kitara, kitara in klaviatura - a vse skupaj je zvenelo kot ogromen sintetizator. Kljub temu pa so bili vsi plesalci, moški in ženski, neverjetni. [...] Gdč. Minogue je izjemno spretna v kompleksnih statističnih pozah v enih izmed zase najbolj značilnih kostumov; [...] je pa tudi zelo fizično spretna, pleše lahko tudi v visokih petah, hodi pa še bolje kot njeni plesalci. [...] 3.500 ljudi na stadionu je na njenem koncertu tako uživalo samo zato, ker je tako inteligentna.«
Flavij Klavdij Konstancij Gal (latinsko Flavivs Clavdivs Constantivs Gallvs) je bil od leta 351 do 354 sovladar nižjega ranga (cezar) vzhodnorimskega cesarja Konstancija II.. Zaradi suma, da si namerava prilastiti cesarjev položaj, je bil na cesarjev ukaz usmrčen, * 325/326, Massa Veternensis, Toskana, Italija † 354, Pola, Italija.
Na dvoru Ludvika XIV. ga zasledimo pozimi 1652 kot plesalca. Zložil je tudi nekaj baletne glasbe za novoletno praznovanje. Ravno ta glasba pa je bila kralju najbolj všeč. Na dvoru so ga takoj zaposlili kot skladatelja instrumentalne glasbe. Takrat je bila to posebna čast voditi 24 kraljevih violin. Hitro je ugotovil, da so glasbeniki v tem sestavu silno neresni in neodgovorni, zato je s kraljevim dovoljenjem ustanovil svoj sestav - Petits violons.
Dragutin Mate, slovenski častnik, veteran vojne za Slovenijo, vojaški in letalski ataše, diplomat, politik, obrambolog hrvaškega rodu, * 2. maj 1963, Čakovec, Hrvaška.
7-simpleks (tudi oktaekson ali oktatop) je v 7-razsežni geometriji sebi dualni pravilni 7-politop. Ima 8 oglišč, 28 robov, 56 trikotnih stranskih ploskev, 70 tetraederskih celic, 56 5-celic s 5 stranskimi ploskvami, 28 5-simpleksov s 6 stranskimi ploskvami in 8 6-simpleksov s 7 stranskimi ploskvami. Ima diedrski kot cos−1(1/7)kar je približno 81,79°.
Naslednji dan na Mačjem sejmu ne zmanjka tematike za pogovor. Muca Maca se izogiba odgovornosti glede pretepa. V samovšečnosti zviška odgovarja, da nič ne more zato, ker je na svetu … Razstavišče čez tri dni zaprejo brez novih razburljivih dogodkov. Manjše nevšečnosti povzroči le pobeg znanega roparja Čombeta, ki ga hitro zopet spravijo za rešetke.
Kombuča čaj je pijača s čajno osnovo in nastane s sočasno alkoholno in ocetnokislinsko fermentacijo ob prisotnosti kulture kombuče. Napitek se lahko pripravi z različnimi čaji, ki jih mikroorganizmi predelajo in s sladkorjem, ki služi kot hranilo. Nastanejo številne snovi z zdravilnim, poživljajočim in razstrupljevalnim učinkom. Okus spominja na mošt oziroma na vino cviček in je odvisen od uporabljenega čaja. Če fermentacija poteka predolgo, se spremeni v kis.
Ženska naj uporabi večje količine lubrikantov, da bi bilo boleče draženje čim manjše. Z lubrikantom se ne sme ravnati varčno. Večje količine ga je potrebno nanesti na penis in vulvo. Ženska naj uporabi brisače, ki si jih da pod 'zadnjo plat', da se postelja ne zmoči.
»Tišina je najmogočnejša sila v vesolju. V tišini lahko odložimo pomembnost svoje osebnosti in prepoznamo svojo svobodo« (Madhukar, Weimarske vizije, 10/2009).
V letih 1986, 1987 in 1989 se je udeležil tečajev albanskega jezika v Prištini. Rezultati njegovih albanističnih prizadevanj so Kratka albanska slovnica (Ljubljana 1991), Rückläufiges Wörterbuch der albanischen Sprache (Hamburg 1994), članek o albanoloških raziskavah v Sloveniji v zborniku Studime II (Priština 1996). V sodelovanju z akad. prof. dr. Rexhepom Ismajlijem pa je pripravil ponatis in prevod Miklošičevih albanističnih del z naslovom Gjurmime shqiptare / Albanische Forschungen (Priština 2007).
QPSW deluje v Ugandi, ima svoje delavce v Bosni, v Srbiji in na Hrvaškem. Organizacija deluje v ekumenski želji tudi v Bližnjem vzhodu, kjer pošilja mirovnike, ki delujejo v Izraelu in Palestini. Delujejo tudi v Aziji.
Dispareunija je boleč spolni odnos, zaradi medicinskih ali psiholoških vzrokov. Ta termin se uporablja skoraj izključno za ženske, čeprav lahko nastane problem tudi pri moških. Vzroki so dostikrat reverzibilni, čeprav včasih trajajo dlje, vendar lahko ob odstranitvi vzroka pogosto odstranimo tudi bolečino.
Prvi načrti za obnovo fortifikacij v Valetti skupaj s tistimi v Birguju, Mdini in citadelo so bili narejeni leta 2006. Obnova se je začela leta 2010, pri čemer je projekt opisan kot "največji v stoletju". Skvoterje so izselili z javnih površin okoli utrdb. Zgornji del utrdbe svetega Elma je bil obnovljen, medtem ko so bili njeni spodnji deli očiščeni. Kapela svetega Roka na braniku svetega Mihaela, ki sta bila bombardirana v drugi svetovni vojni, sta bila obnovljena leta 2014.
Hiša, v kateri se je rodil Dositej, še vedno stoji. Bila je odkupljena od romunske družine in prenovljena. To je zasluga podjetja Hemofarm, ki je skupaj z Srbsko matico in Inštitutom za književnost in umetnost postavili Fundacijo Dositeja Obradovića.
prednji branik svetega Janeza – peterokotni branik, zgrajen leta 1640 v bližini bastijona svetega Janeza. Njegov izstopajoči vogal ima stolpič in skladišče smodnika. Zdaj se uporablja kot nogometno igrišče;
Leta 2013 so skupaj z Mamo Manko (igra jo Sašo Đukić) posneli pesem Natočim cvička. Za skladbo, za katero so na 2. cvičkovem festivalu v Gadovi peči 1. nagrado strokovne komisije in naziv Absolutni zmagovalec festivala, so posneli tudi videospot.
Za švedsko reprezentanco je nastopil na enih olimpijskih igrah, kjer je osvojil zlato medaljo, in treh svetovnih prvenstvih, na katerih je bil dobitnik po ene srebrne in bronaste medalje.
Budim (madžarsko Buda, nemško Ofen, prekmursko Büdin, turško Budin) je zahodni del Budimpešte na desni obali Donave. Obsega približno tretjino površine Budimpešte. Je gričevnat in dokaj gozdnat.
Prednosti CANDU reaktorjev so, da se lahko menja gorivo med delovanjem "on line" (reaktorja ni potrebno izklopiti) in gorivo je neobogateni uran, ki je cenejši kot 4-5% obogateni, ki ga uporabljajo tlačnovodni in vrelovodni reaktorji. CANDU reaktorji lahko tudi delujejo na odpadno gorivo iz tlačnovodnih reaktorjev - t. i. DUPIC (Direct Use of spent PWR fuel In CANDU). Odpadno gorivo ima okrog 1,1% procenta fislnih materialov kot so 235U in 239Pu, vendar ima tudi druge visokoreaktivne izotope in nevtronske strupe, zaenkrat se ne uporablja. Lahko se uporablja tudi plutonij iz razgrajenih jedrskih bomb.
Brebevnica (izvirno srbsko Бребевница) je naselje v Srbiji, ki upravno spada pod Občino Dimitrovgrad; slednja pa je del Pirotskega upravnega okraja.
Po novozaveznih opisih je bila Golgota blizu Jeruzalema, vendar pa zunaj mestnega obzidja. Na Golgoti so Jezusa križali, po smrti na križu pa so ga pokopali v grobnici v neposredni bližini. Cesar Konstantin I. Veliki je v letih 326-335 na kraju, kjer naj bi bil Jezusov grob, postavil Baziliko Svetega groba (Božjega groba). V cerkvi je kup kamnov, ki naj bi bil ostanek griča Golgote, in s to razlago se strinjajo številni obiskovalci pa tudi zgodovinarji.
Ta lovec je bil osnovan leta 1934. Njegova maksimalna hitrost je 108 mph oz. 175 km/h. MTOW letala je 803 kg, prazno pa tehta 507 kg. Dolgo je 8,94 m, široko pa 7,29 m.
Prvega Earla je nasledil njegov vnuk John, ki je umrl leta 1690. Slednji je bil sin najstarejšega sina prvega Earla, Williama Cochrana, Lord Cochrane, ki pa je umrl leta 1679 (že pred svojim očetom). Tretji Earl je postal Johnov najstarejši sin Williama, ki pa je umrl neporočen. Naziv je nasledil njegov mlajši brat John Cochrane, ki je umrl leta 1720. Nasledil ga je sin William Cochrane, ki pa je tudi umrl (1725) neporočen.
Lidija Murn, Pisma, pesmi, pravljice : mlada mladinska pisateljica Sanja Pregl je v knjižnici predstavila svoj novi roman Ferdinand : dobre kritike. Novo mesto : Dolenjski list (1998) (COBISS)
Sanja Pregl se je rodila v Ljubljani očetu Slavku Preglu, mladinskemu pisatelju in materi Tatjani Pregl Kobe, pesnici, pisateljici, esejistki. Končala je znanstveni magisterij na Ekonomski fakulteti v Ljubljani. Živi, dela in ustvarja v Ljubljani. V letih 2007 do 2009 je imela redno rubriko PiSanja v reviji Otrok in družina, v kateri je obravnavala izzive, ki jih prinaša enostarševsko življenje. Z bratom Arjanom Preglom, slikarjem in ilustratorjem, skupaj ustvarjata slikanice za otroke.
Družina Facia se je vpisala v razvoj slovenskega baroka s tremi imeni: z očetom Matejem (okrog 1670-1738) ter sinovoma Antonom (1706-1750) in Gregorjem (1710-1741). Najpomembnejša dela njihove delavnice so štirje oltarji v župnijski cerkvi Marijinega rojstva v Polhovem Gradcu (1746), pripisujejo pa ji tudi glavni oltar v cerkvi sv. Petra v Dvoru pri Polhovem Gradcu (1739) in plastiko sv. Roka v cerkvi Marijinega vnebovzetja na Lesnem Brdu.
V tej tovarni se je leta 1937 udeležila tudi znane stavke, v kateri je dokazala svojo borbenost, ko se je postavila pred vlak, ki naj bi iz tovarne med stavko odpeljal izgotovljeno blago. Če bi namreč vlak začel natovarjati blago, bi izbruhnili nemiri, ki bi bili povod za nasilno prekinitev stavke. Po koncu stavke je bila aretirana kot kolovodja in imela opravka s policijo.
Mestni stadion Ob jezeru je stadion v Velenju. Na njem domujeta moška ekipa NK Rudar Velenje in ženska ekipa ŽNK Rudar Škale. Stadion ima kapaciteto 2.341 sedežev, prav tako pa ima stojišča.
Kot velja za vsa živila je pomembna previdnost pri pripravi in shranjevanju, da se s tem prepreči onesnaženje. Pozorni moramo biti na čistočo rok, pripomočkov in okolja, ustrezno temperaturo in ustrezen čas fermentacije.
Shaka je spremenil takratni način bojevanja, tedanji skoraj ritualni način bitke s praskami, dokler se ena od strani ni umaknila, je nadomestil z neposrednim bojem mož na moža. Sicerjšnja kopja, namenjena metanju, je zamenjal s krajšimi sulicami, namenjenimi zbadanju. Vojščakom je dal večje in težje ščite, da so lažje premagali sovražnike. Bojevnike je razporedil v posebno, široko formacijo, tako da je središče napadlo sovražnika, krili pa sta napadli boke.
Prvo samostojno razstavo je imel v ljubljanski Mali galeriji leta 1952. Kasneje je postal predsednik Društva slovenskih likovnih umetnikov in član Skupine 53, skupine mladih umetnikov, ki so se upirali povojnemu socrealizmu.
Igra The Sims 2 je bila izdana 16. septembra 2004 in je takoj postala uspešna, saj se je v prvih 10-ih dneh prodalo 1 milijon kopij. Skupaj z igro The Sims 2, so pri Electronic Arts izdali že 7 dodatkov in 8 zbirk predmetov (»Stuff packov«), ena dodatek pa je še napovedan za izid. Glasbo za igro je sestavil Mark Mothersbaugh.
Domačijska literatura se je zgledovala po poetičnem realizmu Gottfrieda Kellerja, Wilhelma Raabeja, Otta Ludwiga, Petra Dörflerja in islandskih sagah Selme Lagerlof, Knuta Hamsuna, Sigrid Undset. Programski značaj je imela v severni in srednji Nemčiji, dogajališče so bile nemške »mejne pokrajine« Sudeti, gornja Šlezija, vzhodna Prusija, Banat, Sedmograška, Lüneburška pušča, Bavarska.
Suhoj Su-17 (NATO oznaka: Fitter) je sovjetski enomotorni reaktivni lovski bombnik, ki so ga razvili v Sovjetski zvezi v 1960ih. Zgradili so 2867 letal, ki so se široko uporabljala v Vzhodnem bloku. Zasnovan je na podlagi Suhoj Su-7. Su-17 ima za razliko gibljiva krila in boljše sposobnosti na nizkih višinah.
glavno travnato igrišče, ki ga obdaja atletska steza z osmimi progami, narejena iz umetne mase. Objekt ima tudi umetno razsvetljavo, ki je bila postavljena v zadnji prenovi v letu 1998,
Konec junija je zapustil frontno enoto in bil dodeljen šolskemu polku. Toda že avgusta 1944 je bil postavljen za namestnika poveljnika 176. gardnega lovskega letalskega polka, ki je bil opremljen z letali La-7; Kožedub je s tem tipom letala nato letel vse do konca vojne.
27. april - Američan Andrew Cunanan začne morilski pohod, ki se konča z umorom italijanskega modnega oblikovalca Giannija Versaceja 15. julija.
V naselju živi 130 polnoletnih prebivalcev, pri čemer je njihova povprečna starost 60,9 let (58,9 pri moških in 63,7 pri ženskah). Naselje ima 77 gospodinjstev, pri čemer je povprečno število članov na gospodinjstvo 1,74.
Sredozemske igre 1959, uradno III. Sredozemske igre so bile prve tovrstne igre, ki so se odvijale v Aziji. Potekale so od 11. do 23.oktobra 1959 v Bejrutu, Libanon. Na igrah je nastopilo okoli 1000 moških športnikov iz trinajstih držav.
Čeprav je Macintosh povzel takojšnje navdušenje, je bil preveč radikalen za nekatere. Ker je bil računalnik narejen okoli GUI sistema, so morali biti tekstovno in ukazno poganjani programi na novo napisani, kar je bilo zelo izzivajoče početje, pred katerim je bežalo veliko razvijalcem programov. To je na začetku botrovalo k pomanjkanju programov za nov sistem.
2004. Zur Akzentuierung der urslawischen ter-Stämme. V: Hyllested, Adam (ur.). Per aspera ad asteriscos : studia indogermanica in honorem Jens Elmegård Rasmussen sexagenarii idibus Martiis anno MMIV (Innsbrucker Beiträge zur Sprachwissenschaft, Bd. 112). Innsbruck: Institut für Sprachen und Literaturen der Universität, str. 537—543. (COBISS)
Herder je bil eden izmed prvih, ki je trdil, da jezik prispeva k oblikovanju okvirov in vzorcev, s katerimi vsaka jezikovna družba razmišlja in čuti. Za Herderja je jezik organ razmišljanja. To je bilo velikokrat napačno razloženo. Herder ne trdi, da jezik ne določa razuma. Jezik je sredstvo in izraz človekove ustvarjalne zmožnosti razmišljanja skupaj z drugimi. Za njega je kultura, jezik, razmišljanje, čustvovanje ter literatura posameznikov in tradicije ljudi so izrazi svobodomiselnih skupin in posameznikov, ki se izražajo v prostoru in času. Herderjev poudarek na jezik in kulturno tradicijo kot vezi, ki ustvarijo narod, je bil razširjen še na folkloro, ples, glasbo in umetnost.
Po uradnih podatkih ARSO je reka Mirna v dobrem kemijskem stanju in zmernem ekološkem stanju, kar še ni dobro, saj so v vzorcih vode in sedimenta našli težke kovine (kobalt).
Zasnovan je bil kot neoborožen hitri bombnik, pozneje so ga začeli uporabljati tudi kot taktični bombnik, lovski bombnik, nočni bombnik, nočno lovsko letalo, jurišno letalo, izvidiniško letalo, sledilno letalo (pathfinder) in fotografsko letalo. Zaradi velike hitrosti, ki je bila povsem primerljiva z lovci tedanjega časa, ga je bilo skoraj nemogoče prestreči. Uporabljala ga je tudi britanska letalska družba British Overseas Airways Corporation (BOAC) za hiter prevoz pomembnih tovorov in tudi oseb. Tako so 6. oktobra 1943 z Mosquitom iz Stockholma na Švedskem preko Norveške na Škotsko (v bombniškem jašku) prepeljali danskega jedrskega fizika Nielsa Bohra (NN 1922). Čez nekaj dni pa na enak način še njegovega sina Aageja Bohra, študenta fizike (NN 1975). Oba sta pozneje sodelovala v 'Projektu Manhattan' (atomska bomba) v ZDA.
V naselju živi 32 polnoletnih prebivalcev, pri čemer je njihova povprečna starost 70,3 let (69,3 pri moških in 71,3 pri ženskah). Naselje ima 18 gospodinjstev, pri čemer je povprečno število članov na gospodinjstvo 1,78.
Rudarsko-geološko-gradbena fakulteta (izvirno bosansko Rudarsko-geološko-građevinski fakultet u Tuzli), s sedežem v Tuzli, je fakulteta, ki je članica Univerze v Tuzli.
Rihard I. Levjesrčni, angleški kralj in vojskovodja, * 8. september 1157, Beaumont Palace, Oxford, † 6. april 1199 Châlus, Provinca Limousin, Francija.
Zdaj, ko je vojne konec, je potreba po pomoči večja kot kadarkoli. To velja tako za Evropo kot za velik del Azije. Težave postajajo celo prekomerne: oskrbeti je potrebno zapornike koncentracijskih taborišč, ki so bili izpuščeni leta 1945, vrniti je potrebno prisilne delavce in vojne ujetnike nazaj v domovino iz sovražnih dežel, razseljence brez držav v katere bi se lahko vrnili, brezdomce v domovini, sirote, lačne, prestradane! Težava ni le v posredovanju hrane in oblačil, gre tudi za vračanje prebivalstva v življenje in delo, povrnitev njihovega samospoštovanja, vere in samozavesti v prihodnost. Ponovno so Kvekerji aktivni vsepovsod. Ko je le država bila odprta, so bili na mestu v Evropi in Aziji, med kmeti, prijatelji in donedavnimi nasprotniki, v Franciji in Nemčiji, Indiji in Japonski. Ni zlahka oceniti njihov prispevek. ... Kvekerji so v vseh državah opravili osebno in aktivno vlogo v delu tudi drugih organizacij.
Sprva so nastopali le po manjših lasvegaških klubih. Zaradi njihove želje po uspehu in vrsto pesmi, ki so jih izvajali, pa so hitro pridobivali pozornost. Junija leta 2004 so izdali prvi album Hot Fuss. Njihov prvenec je postal »Somebody told me«. Poleg njega pa sta veliko pozornosti dobili tudi pesmi »Mr. Brightside« in »All these things I've done«. Naslednji album z naslovom Sam's Town je izšel oktobra leta 2006. S tega albuma je najuspešnejša pesem »When you were young«. Že v prvem tednu izida je bil prodan v 700.000 izvodih. Tretji album, Sawdust, pa je izšel oktobra 2007.
Rezka Južina je bila nezakonska hči tovarniške delavke, kar je bilo v času njenega otroštva še vedno velika sramota in je bila zaradi tega velikokrat zapostavljena.
Princ Karl Viljem Ludvig Švedski in Norveški, vojvoda Södermanlandski, * 17. junij 1884, palača Tullgarn, Švedska, † 5. junij 1965, palača Stenhammar, Švedska.
Trbovlje ( izgovorjava ) so s 17.500 prebivalci 9. največje mesto v Sloveniji, največje mesto v Zasavju in hkrati tudi kulturno ter upravno središče Zasavja in središče občine Trbovlje.
»Spinning Around« (vključuje elemente pesmi »Finally«, »Fascinated", »The Real Slim Shady«, »Buffalo Gals«, »Ride on Time« in »Such a Good Feeling«)
Velik vpliv nanje predstavlja Velika Britanija, saj so njihovi vzorniki New Order, Pet Shop Boys, U2, Beatles in druge angleške skupine. Velikokrat jih opisujejo kot najboljši angleški bend, ki prihaja iz Amerike.
Med letoma 1964 in 1971 je bil prvi namestnik letalskega poveljnika Moskovskega vojaškega okrožja. Od leta 1971 je nato služil v generalnem poveljstvu vojnega letalstva in od leta 1978 v skupini generalnega inšpektorja sovjetskega obrambnega ministrstva. Leta 1985 je bil povišan v maršala. Umrl je 8. avgusta 1991; pokopan je bil 12. avgusta v Moskvi.
Za ugotovitve na področju vzdražnih celic sta skupaj s Huxleyjem leta 1963 prejela Nobelovo nagrado (tretji dobitnik je bil John Carew Eccles za delo na sinapsah).
Center za teoretsko sociologijo (kratica CTS) je raziskovalna enota, ki deluje v sklopu Inštituta za družbene vede Fakultete za družbene vede v Ljubljani.
Nad gozdno mejo rastejo posamezna drevesa, zaradi pogojev največkrat pritlikave rasti in zgrbančena (t. i. rastna oblika Krumholz ali viharnik). Drevesna meja je nadmorska višina, nad katero tudi ta ne uspevajo.
»Tema White Diamond« (vključuje odlomke iz filma Čarovnik iz Oza, Casablanca, A Streetcar Named Desire, Sunset Boulevard, Vse o Eve, Beyond the Forest in Mommie Dearest ter citate Judy Garland, Marilyn Monroe, Bette Davis, Katharine Hepburn in Jayne Mansfield) (video uvod)
Državna skupnost Srbije in Črne gore (običajno le Srbija in Črna gora) je ime nekdanje državne zveze Srbije in Črne gore, ohlapne skupnosti v Evropi, ki je bila naslednica nekdanje države z imenom Zvezna republika Jugoslavija. Srbija in Črna gora na jugu meji na Jadransko morje, Albanijo in Makedonijo, na vzhodu na Bolgarijo in Romunijo, na severu na Madžarsko, ter na zahodu na Hrvaško in Bosno in Hercegovino.
Sola Scriptura - samo Sveto Pismo pomeni, da je podlaga verovanja samo, kar je zapisano v Svetem Pismu, ne pa tradicija, ki se je izoblikovala v (Rimskokatoliški) Cerkvi.
Po drugi dvetovni vojni se je domačijska literatura razvijala kot množična literatura v obliki romanov v zvežčičih (Heftchenroman), živela je v gledališču (Heimattheater) in filmu (Heimatfilm) ter kasneje tudi v televizijskih serijah.
Muzej Vuka in Dositeja (srbsko:Музеј Вука и Доситеја) je eden najbolj pomembnih spominskih muzejev v Beogradu. Ustanovljen 1949, upodablja življenje, delo in dediščino Vuka Stefanovića Karadžića (1787–1864), reformista srbskega knjižnega jezika, in Dositeja Obradovića. Nagrada Dositeja Obradovića je podeljena za posebne prispevke pri prevajanju književnih del in promociji srbske kulture.
Še pomembnejše je bilo vladanje vladike Petra I. Petrovića Njegoša, ki je bil ideolog črnogorske enotnosti in začetnik moderne črnogorske države, verski poglavar široke izobrazbe in z izrazitim literarnim darom, kar se je kazalo predvsem v njegovih znamenitih poslanicah plemenskim poglavarjem. Na zboru plemenskih starešin v Stanjevićih 1789 je bil sprejet njegov Zakon opšći crnogorski i brdski ali zakonik Petra I., osnoval je osrednji sodni organ (kuluk), iz najodličnejših mož pa ustanovil svojo sicer maloštevilno oboroženo stražo 25 mož, ki so se imenovali perjaniki in so bili prva črnogorska policija. Plemenska skupščina mu je zaupala vrhovno poveljstvo nad vojsko in zunanjo politiko. Ker je imel tudi najvišjo cerkveno oblast, je postal najodločilnejša oseba med Črnogorci. Uvedel je plačevanje davka od hiš, kar pa je državi prineslo le malo dohodkov, saj je bila Črna gora redko poseljena in revna dežela z zelo malo obdelovalne zemlje, zato je bila njena največja težava, kako obvarovati prebivalstvo pred lakoto. Napadi na turške trgovce, plen od ropanja in bojevanja so bili ob skromni živinoreji in kmetijstvu glavni vir preživetja.
S pesmijo »Your Disco Needs You« je Kylie Minogue nastopila na koncertu 7. oktobra v Chicagu, saj jo je med težavami z elektronskimi napravami zahtevalo občinstvo. Z glasbeno skupino jo je izvedla tudi med koncertom 9. oktobra v Torontu, in sicer pred pesmijo »Love at First Sight« in oboževalci so ji tedaj namenili bučen aplavz, saj jo je zapela v francoščini. S pesmijo je ponovno nastopila pred izvedbo pesmi »The One« na koncertu 12. oktobra v New York Cityju.
Vojno letalstvo Kopenske vojske Združenih držav Amerike (angleško United States Army Air Forces; kratica USAAF; tudi Letalske sile Kopenske vojske Združenih držav Amerike) je bila vojno-letalska sila Kopenske vojske ZDA med drugo svetovno vojno.
Kljub spremembam pa obzidje Vallette ni bilo dovolj močno, da bi vzdržalo dolgo obleganje. Leta 1635 se je začela gradnja linije Floriana, ki je obdala Valletto spredaj. Do 18. stoletja je bila spremenjena. Kasneje se je na območju med linijo Floriana in zemljiščem pred Valletto razvilo predmestje Floriana in je zdaj samostojno mesto.
Njegova filozofija se je po letu 1776 obrnila na klasicizem. Njegova filozofija je dosegla globoko subjektiven obrat, poudarjala je vpliv fizičnih in zgodovinskih okoliščin na človeški razvoj. Poudarjal je, da mora "nekdo iti v obdobje, regijo, v celotno zgodovino in čutiti pot nekoga do vsega". Zgodovinar naj bo nov sodobnik in zgodovina znanost kot inštrument naravnega patriotskega duha.
Janez Dular, Severovzhodna Slovenija v pozni bronasti dobi = Nordostslowenien in der späten Bronzezeit. Opera Instituti archaeologici Sloveniae 27, Ljubljana 2012 (COBISS)
Za češkoslovaško reprezentanco je igral na devetih svetovnih prvenstvih, kjer je bil dobitnik ene zlate, štirih srebrnih in treh bronastih medalj, ter dveh olimpijskih igrah, kjer je bil dobitnik po ene srebrne in bronaste medalje.
Naslednik naziva je najstarejši sin trenutnega nosilca, Archie Ian Thomas Blair Cochrane, Lord Cochrane (rojen 1991). Naslednji v nasledstveni liniji je njegov mlajši brat Hon. James Douglas Richard Cochrane (rojen 1995).
V nuklearni medicini se oksifilne celice izrablja za določitev bolezenske slike obščitnice. Mitohondriji, in s tem tudi oksifilne celice zaradi velike količine le-teh, imajo namreč veliko afiniteto za privzem kontrastnega barvila tehnecij-sestamib. V skladu s tem se v primeru suma na rakasto obolenje (npr. zaradi povišane vrednosti PTH in bolj izraženih ledvičnih kamnov) obščitnico označi s tem barvilom, nato pa se jo slika z gama kamero. V primeru rakastega obolenja bo kontrast barvila v oboleli obščitnici večji oz. svetlejši v primerjavi z drugimi obščitnicami zaradi večjega števila oksifilnih celic.
Shaka se je rodil poglavarju Zulujev. V času mladosti je služil kot bojevnik pri poglavarju sosednjega plemena, ki mu je pozneje pripomogel k nasledstvu Zulujev. Kot poglavar je Shaka ubil svojega polbrata, da bi si zavaroval prestol.
bastijon svetega Janeza, znan tudi kot Abercrombiejev bastijon, je velik asimetričen bastijon na točki svetega Elma na vrhu polotoka Sciberras. V njem je več britanskih topovskih gnezd in skladišče;
Zaradi začetka nemškega napada na Sovjetsko zvezo se je letalska šola umaknila v Centralno Azijo. Ker si je želel aktivno udeležiti vojne, je večkrat zaprosil za premestitev na fronto. Šele novembra 1942 so mu to omogočili in ga poslali v Ivanovo, kjer se je priključil 240. lovskemu letalskemu polku 302. jurišne letalske divizije. Marca 1943 je bila divizija dodeljena Voroneški fronti.
Tri šasije JS27 so bile pripravljene do prve dirke sezone 1968 za Veliko nagrado Brazilije, še nadaljnje dve pa med sezono. Šasija 04 je bila pripravljena do dirke za Veliko nagrado Belgije, šasija 05 pa do dirke za Veliko nagrado Kanade. Šasijo 01 so odpisali po tem, ko jo je močno poškodoval Jacques Laffite v hudem trčenju na dirki za Veliko nagrado Velike Britanije, zaradi katere je moral predčasno končati svojo kariero.
Petrič je študiral violino na konservatoriju glasbene matice, kjer je deloval tudi kot orkestrski glasbednik in pedagog. Kot dirigent manjših orkestrskih zasedb se je leta 1928 pojavil v vlogi prvega dirigenta orkestra Radia Ljubljana.
Gostujoči žirant je bil Adi Smolar. Renata Mohorič je uporabila jokerja: namesto nje je Katy Perry imitirala Alya. Z Mišom Kontrecem je nastopil tudi Fredy Miler sam.
San-Damiano (korziško San Damianu) je naselje in občina v francoskem departmaju Haute-Corse regije - otoka Korzika. Leta 1999 je naselje imelo 38 prebivalcev.
Za češkoslovaško reprezentanco je igral na dveh olimpijskih igrah, kjer je bil dobitnik po ene srebrne in bronaste medalje, ter šestih svetovnih prvenstvih (brez olimpijskih iger), kjer je bil dobitnik ene zlate, treh srebrnih in dveh bronastih medalj.
Najbolj je poznan po svojem vzpodbujanju razvoja širokega kulturnega gibanja romantike. Vplival je na številne avtorje, med drugim na Goetheja.
Kljub majhnim pretokom Mirne in njenih pritokov je bila njihova vodna sila nekoč zelo pomembna za pogon številnih mlinov. Domačin Rudolf Žibert je v celotnem porečju Mirne z natančnim preučevanjem ugotovil, da je v 19. in v začetku 20. stoletja na Mirni in pritokih delovalo okoli 100 mlinov. Večinoma so bili to manjši kmečki mlini z enim ali dvema vodnima kolesoma, mnogi so izginili skoraj brez sledu, saj so po drugi svetovni vojni eden za drugim propadli. Na Mirni je ohranjen samo še Zakrajškov mlin v Migolici, v Dolenjem Boštanju je v preteklosti delovala Jakilova žaga.
Artilerijska brigada 21. divizije (srbohrvaško Artiljerijska brigada 21. divizije) je bila brigada v sestavi Narodnoosvobodilne vojske in partizanskih odredov Jugoslavije in ki je delovala med drugo svetovno vojno na področju Kraljevine Jugoslavije.
Hazarski otoki znani tudi kot Kaspijski otoki (azerbajdžansko Xəzər adaları, angleško Khazar Islands) je predlagan arhipelag 41 umetnih otokov, ki naj bi jih zgradili okrog 25 kilometrov južno od Bakuja v Azerbajdžanu. Otoki naj bi imel skupno površino 3000 hektarov, dovlj za okrog milijon prebivalcev.
Leta 1551 so osmanske sile na kratko napadle Malto, nato oplenile otok Gozo in zajele Tripoli v današnji Libiji. Posledica je bila, da je red ustanovil komisijo za izboljšanje otoških utrdb. Leta 1552 je bil aragonski opazovalni stolp porušen in na njegovem mestu zgrajena utrdba svetega Elma. Utrdba je odigrala pomembno vlogo med velikim obleganjem Malte leta 1565. Po mescu ostrih bojev (v katerem je bil ubit osmanski general Dragut, je padla. Vitezi so vzdržali v Birguju in Senglei, dokler niso prišle zmagovite sile.
Ántimatêrija je snov sestavljena iz antidelcev tistih delcev, ki sestavljajo običajno snov. Atom antivodika je, na primer, sestavljen iz negativno nabitega antiprotona, ki ga obkroža pozitivno nabiti pozitron. Če par delec - antidelec pride v stik z drugim takšnim parom, se oba izničita v izbruhu energije kot sevanje.
Razmišljali so o več različnih tipih dostav lahkih tankov: jadralno letalo, padalo, tank s krili ali pa namestitev pod trup težkega bombnika Tupoljev TB-3.
Večina prebivalstva je zaposlenega v stolarni Javor v Pivki drugi pa v sosednjih mestih. Nekateri vaščani se ukvarjajo s kmetijstvom, vendar se število kmetov v vasi znižuje. Otroci obiskujejo osnovno šolo v Knežaku.
Torchwood (angleška izgovarjava: IPA: /'tɔːtʃwʊd/) je britanska znanstvenofantastična televizijska serija, ki jo je ustvaril Rusell T. Davies, glavni vlogi pa igrata John Barrowman in Eve Myles. Prikazuje dogodivščine in aktivnosti osebja podružnice fiktivnega inštituta Torchwood v valižanski prestolnici Cardiff. Pripadniki in pripadnice Torchwooda se v glavnem ukvarjajo z dogodki, ki so povezani z nezemeljskim življenjem.
Drugi del govori o Petrerki, nogometnem navijaču. in političnem skrivaču, ki ga iščejo orožniki. Pred njimi se skriva vse do pomembne tekme njegovega kluba, kamor pride vsa Olšnica. Nogomet mu pomeni več kot življenje, zato se na tekmi pokaže in razkrije.
PRIZNANJA: Edvard Ravnikar je dobil več pomembnih nagrad, mdr. Prešernovo 1961 in 1978 (za življenjsko delo), Plečnikovo nagrado 1975 in 1987 (jubilejno), jugoslovanski nagradi "Borbe" in Avnoja (1982) in dunajsko Herderjevo nagrado (1988). Postal je dopisni član Jugoslovanske akademije v Zagrebu (JAZU, 1963), Slovenske akademije znanosti in umetnosti (SAZU: dopisni član 1969, redni 1979), 1985 je dobil naslov zaslužnega profesorja ljubljanske univerze, Tehniška univerza v Gradcu (Graz) pa mu je leta 1988 podelila častni doktorat.
V parku je več spomenikov številnih uglednih ljudi, med njimi: Gerald Strickland, sir Thomas Maitland in sir Winston Churchill. V njem je tudi replika kipa Les Gavroches (Pobalini) malteškega kiparja Antonia Sciortina. Izvirnik je v Narodnem muzeju likovne umetnosti.
»Shocked« (vključuje elemente pesmi »Do You Dare?«, »It's No Secret«, »Give Me Just a Little More Time«, »Keep on Pumpin' It in »What Kind of Fool (Heard All That Before)«)
Debelo črevo je zadnji del prebavne cevi, ki se konča z danko. Je nadaljevanje tankega črevesa, dolgo približno 1,5 metra. Kislost v debelem črevesu pada v distalni smeri; na začetku debelega črevesa je pH vrednost okoli 5,5, v srednjem delu okoli 6,2 in na koncu okoli 6,8.
V zgodovini skupine je bilo veliko sprememb postave, saj je zaradi manjka komercialnega uspeha, glasbenih razlik ter neznanske zahtevnosti turnej bila takratnja zasedba mnogokrat neprimerna. Člani vsake zasedbe Nile so zaradi tehnične zahtevnosti pesmi skupine po navadi glasbeno zelo usposobljeni, pogosto celo virtuozni. Dallas ter Karl sta do sedaj stalna člana, medtem ko grški bobnar George Kollias obeta precej.Pa najaći so.
QPSW in AFSC so prejeli Nobelovo nagrado za mir leta 1947 za njihovo prizadevanje po in pred drugo svetovno vojno pri oskrbi beguncev in razpolaganjem z finančno pomočjo, deloma je priznanje bilo namenjeno spodbudi za nadaljnje reševanje povojnih težav.
Vrtove so naredili francoski vojaki ob zasedbi Vallette med letoma 1798 in 1800. Verjetno so jih prvotno uporabljali za pridelavo zelenjave in poljščin za posadko.
Herder je ločeval narode glede na podnebje, izobrazbo, tuje odnose, tradicijo in dednostjo. Vsak narod nosi v sebi raven njegove perfekcije, popolnoma neodvisen od vsakih primerjav z drugimi narodi, saj se vsak narod razlikuje v poetiki, izgledu, okusih, uporabi, običajih in jezikih. Ali se ne bi morala tudi religija ki je prisotna pri narodih razlikovati?
Marit Bjørgen je pričela nastopati na tekmah svetovnega pokala v smučarskih tekih leta 1999. Na tekmah svetovnega pokala je osvojila več prvih mest. V sezoni 2006/2007 je osvojila drugo mesto v skupni uvrstitvi svetovnega pokala. Je nosilka dveh srebrnih olimpijskih medalj: leta 2002 v štafetnem teku 4x5 km na Zimskih olimpijskih igrah v Salt lake Cityju in leta 2006 je na Zimskih olimpijskih igrah v Torinu kjer je prav tako osvojila srebrno medaljo v teku na 10 km v klasičnem slogu.
Nastopila je na olimpijskih igrah v letih 1984 in 1988, dosegla je deveto mesto v teku na 3000 m in dvanajsto v teku na 1500 m. Na svetovnih dvoranskih prvenstvih je osvojila naslova prvakinje v teku na 1500 m leta 1985 in teku na 3000 m leta 1989, na evropskih dvoranskih prvenstvih pa tri zlate in srebrno medaljo v teku na 3000 m in eno srebrno medaljo v teku na 1500 m.
CANDU reaktor (akronim za CANada Deuterium Uranium) je težkotlačnovodni reaktor (PHWR), ki so ga izumili v Kanadi. Moderator je težka voda, jedrsko gorivo pa je naravni neobogateni uran (0,72% 235U). Težka voda ima namesto dveh atomov vodika, dva atoma devterija - D2O. Razvili so ga v poznih 1950ih pri Atomic Energy of Canada Limited (AECL) in Hydro-Electric Power Commission of Ontario in Kanadski GE. Vsi reaktorji za proizvodnjo električne energije v Kanadi so tega tipa, poleg tega se reaktorji CANDU ali njegove izvedenke uporabljajo tudi v Indiji, Pakistani, Argentini, Južni Koreji, Romuniji in na Kitajskem.
Stary Olsa (belorusko Стары Ольса, Stary Olsa) je beloruska glasbena skupina, ki igra srednjeveški folk. Stary Olsa igrajo belorusko glasbo Velike kneževine Litve. Člani se trudijo, da imajo inštrumente čim bolj podobne avtentičnim zgodovinskim igralom. Stary Olsa so ena od redkih beloruskih skupin, ki uživajo popularnost zunaj Belorusije. Skupina je dobila mnogo pozitivnih glasbenih kritik. Skupino je ustanovil leta 1999 Źmicier Sasnoŭski. Ime Stary Olsa prihaja od potoka v vzhodni Belorusiji.
Dr. Kos je v svojem znanstvenem delu povezoval tako umetnostno zgodovino kot etnologijo. V številnih razpravah je opozoril na pomembno mesto slovenske ljudske umetnosti v srednjeevropskem okolju. Na Japonskem je s pretanjenim estetskim čutom preučeval in zbiral sodobno umetniško keramiko in skupaj z ženo ustvaril dragoceno zbirko japonskega slikarstva 16. do 18. stoletja.
Oče Belo je bil izbira nuncija iz Džakarte in Indonezijskih voditeljev zaradi njegove domnevne podrejenosti. Timorski duhovniki niso imeli pri imenovanju besede in niso niti prisostvovali posvečenju. Že v petih mesecih od posvečenja je vehementno izrazil nestrinjanje z brutalnim vedenjem Indonezijcev ob pokolih iz leta 1983. Cerkev je bila ena redkih inštitucij sposobna javnega delovanja z mednarodno skupnostjo in je tako javno obsodila mnoge aretacije. Belo je tako kot administrator diakonije pričel z javnim delovanjem in pisanjem pisem kljub izoliranosti od upora do Indonezijcev in nezainteresirane mednarodne javnosti.
Pegasti badelj (znanstveno ime Silybum marianum) je rastlina iz družine nebinovk. Ima vijoličaste cvetove in bledozelene liste z belimi žilami. Prvotno je rastla v južni Evropi ter Aziji, vendar jo danes najdemo po vsem svetu.
Nemška izkopavanja med letoma 1905 in 1930 so pokazala vso nepopolnost novega templja in nekatere fragmente reliefov, ki so pripadali prejšnjemu templju, in povezanih kipov. Leta 1979 se je nemški arheološki inštitut dokopal do velikega odkritja. Na levi steni aditona so odkrili majhne zelo tanke opraskane črte. Podrobnejši pregled je pokazal prvi starodavni načrt templja. Začeli so šele, ko sta bila vstop na površini 200 kvadratnih metrov in načrt približno ocenjena. Odkritje in razlaga Lotharja Haselbergerja sta dala pomembne podatke o načrtovanju in gradnji Apolonovega templja. Poleg natančne uporabe geometrije v izpraskanem profilu ornamenta je arhitekt naredil nekaj prilagoditev. Danes je znano, da so trije različni izvajalci delali do konca. Morali so dobiti material, postaviti kamne in opraviti prvo obdelavo. Ostal je še majhen del na vsakem postavljenem bloku, majhen pečat s posebnim znakom izvajalca, ki je pokazal, da ta posebni blok še ni bil plačan. Iz napisov so razbrali, da bi za en steber potrebovali 20.000 delovnih dni enega zidarja za dokončanje. Dnevni dohodek kamnoseka je bil 2 drahmi, kar je približno 8,6 grama srebra. Izračunati se da gole stroške za izdelavo enega stebra, kar je bilo 20.000 (delovnih dni) × 8,6 (grama srebra), to je 172 kilogramov srebra.
Leta 1928 je Vladimir J. Propp izdal svojo strukturalistično teorijo pravljice. V njej poudari pomembno strukturno sestavo pravljice po likih in po funkcijah znotraj pravljice. V vsaki pravljici naj bi si funkcije ena za drugo sledile in to vseh 31. V pravljicah se osebe lahko menjajo, vendar 7 vlog je glavnih, ki jih opisuje. Te so nasprotnik-zlikovec, darovalec, pomočnik, vrednota, pošiljatelj, junak in lažni junak.
V našem koledarju z izborom svetniških imen, udomačenih med Slovenci in njihovimi godovnimi dnevi po novem bogoslužnem koledarju je ime Klemen zapisano 4 krat. Pregled godovnih dni v katerih poleg Klemna godojejo še Milko, Milica, Milivoj, Milojko Miloš, Klementina, Blagica in osebe katerih imena nastopajo kot različice navedenih imen.
Badovinac, Bogdan; Kladnik, Drago Savinjsko, Celje, Velenje A-Žː priročnik za popotnika in poslovnega človeka Pomurska založba, Murska Sobota, 1997 (COBISS)
Z Ligierom JS27 sta prvotno dirkala Francoza Laffite in René Arnoux. Oba sta veljala kot hitra in izkušena dirkača, toda pred sezono so se pojavili dvomi zaradi njune starosti in znanja nastavljanja dirkalnika. Še posebej Arnoux, ki je večino sezone 1985 izpustil po tem, ko ga je odpustil Ferrari, Laffite pa je bil sploh najstarejši dirkač v Formuli 1.
Leta 1904 je princa Viljema kralj Oskar II. imenoval za viteza Norveških levov. Red ni bil nikoli ukinjen, vendar je prenehal delovati po samostojnosti Norveške leta 1905.
Po diplomi 1974 na ljubljanski Biotehniški fakulteti je leta 1984 doktoriral na Veterinarski fakulteti v Zagrebu. V študijskem letu 1992/1993 se je strokovno izpoplnjeval v Glasgowu. Od 1975 je zaposlen na Biotehniški fakulteti v Ljubljani oziroma na Veterinarski fakulteti, od 1996 kot redni profesor. V raziskovalnem delu se je posvetil fiziologiji domačih živali. Večinoma s sodelavci je objavil več kot 50 znanstvenih in več kot 30 strokovnih člankov ter več univerzitetnih učbenikov. Leta 1995 je postal tudi glavni urednik Veterinarskih novic.
Pri površju lahko opazujemo dvojnost kamninske sestave. Višji deli površja in ostrejši vrhovi so sestavljeni iz mezozojskih apnencev in dolomitov, nižji in bolj uravnani deli pa pretežno iz paleozojskih glinavcev in peščenjakov.
Sedež tima, kateremo pravijo tudi Središče (angleško the Hub), leži pod trgom Roald Dahl Plass v zalivu mesta Cardiff. Samo Središče je tri nadstropja globoko, skozi njegovo sredino pa poteka visok steber, katerega vrh je viden kot fontana na trgu nad Središčem. Pri vznožju stebra je naprava, s katero pripadniki Torchwooda nadzorujejo prostorsko-časovno razpoko, ki poteka skozi Cardiff.
Leta 1770 je Herder odšel v Strasbourg, kjer je srečal mladega Goetheja. To srečanje je eno izmed glavnih stičišč v zgodovini nemške literature, saj Goethe je s pomočjo Herderjevih literarnih kritik razvil svoj stil. To se vidi v prvi smeri romantike viharništvo, katere Goethe je bil eden izmed glavnih predstavnikov. Leta 1771 je Herder prevzel položaj glavnega župnika ter pridigarja v Bückeburgu pod grofom Wilhelm von Schaumburg-Lippeom.
Po več kot treh letih v samostanu, kjer se je učil staro cerkveno slovanščino in klasično grščino, Dositej zapusti Hopovo in 2.novembra 1760 odide v Zagreb, kjer se uči latinščine. Nameraval je ubrati pot do Dunaja (knjige) ali Rusije (to je bila običajna pot za učenjake). A svetujejo mu Dalmacijo, ki je tedaj pod beneško nadvlado, kjer se mu obljublja delo ravnatelja in tako prihrani nekaj za potovanje. Tako se tudi odloči in postane ravnatelj v Golubiču. Po treh letih idile se obrne proti Črni Gori, nato gre proti Albaniji, Grčiji, Konstantinoplu, Mali Aziji, vmes pa se preživlja s tutorstvom. Tako potuje 10 let (1761–1771), v Grčiji je njegovo bivanje najbolj premožno.
Kar se pa tiče odgovora na pogostno vprašanje, kako razumeti odloke Konstanškega koncila v luči Prvega vatikanskega koncila, moramo ugotoviti, da uradno papež pravzaprav teh odlokov nikoli ni priznal; pa tudi sicer nimajo dogmatične obveznosti. K temu pa je treba dodati, da je papež Martin prepovedal priziv na koncil 10. marca 1418 in s tem posredno zavrgel oba koncilska odloka, kar se je videlo tudi pozneje, ko so papeži ravno iz strahu pred konciliarizmom odlašali s koncili, tudi takrat, ko bi bil koncil nujen zaradi omejitve protestantizma.
"Carl and Gerty Cori and carbohydrate metabolism". National Historic Chemical Landmarks. Ameriško kemijsko društvo. 2009. Pridobljeno dne 13.5.2012.
Pavzanias je obiskal Didimo v 2. stoletju našega štetja. Plinij poroča o čaščenju Apolona Didime, Apolona dvojčka, v srednji Aziji, ki se je prenašal do Sogdije v času Selevkidov in Antioha, katerega opis oltarja je bil viden iz dopisovanja s Plinijem. Potrjene napise na amforah je našel I. R. Pichikyan v Dilberginu.
Kongruence so uporabne predvsem v nalogah, kjer nastopajo števila prevelika za računanje z njimi brez računalnika. Tipične naloge, ki se jih navadno lotimo s kongruencami so:
Variacíjski račún je področje matematične analize, ki obravnava ekstreme določenih integralov. Naloga variacijskega računa je poiskati neznano funkcijo, pri kateri ima določeni integral ekstrem. Variacijski račun se ukvarja s funkcionali, z razliko od navadnega infinitezimalnega računa, ki se ukvarja s funkcijami. Funkcionali se lahko tvorijo kot integrali, ki vsebujejo neznano funkcijo ali svoje primitivne funkcije. Pomembne so ekstremne vrednosti funkcij, pri katerih ima funkcional največjo ali najmanjšo vrednost.
Stolpnico oskrbujejo 4 dvigala, ki vozijo iz kolektorja v 15. nadstropje, do 16., najvišjega nadstropja pa je dostop mogoč po stopnicah. V prihodnosti je načrtovana izgradnja požarnih stopnic na vzhodni steni stolpnice.
Barbiturati posedujejo zelo ozko terapevtsko širino (razlika med toksičnim in terapevtskim odmerkom), torej zelo hitro pride do preodmerjanja, ki vodi do blokade dihanja.
Iwo Jima je bila eden izmed mnogo japonskih otokov, ki so jih ZDA v času hladne vojne uporabljale za skladiščenje jedrskega orožja, kljub temu da je Japonska nasprotovala nameščanju jedrskega orožja na svojih tleh.
Po podatkih Statističnega urada Republike Slovenije je bilo na dan 31. decembra 2007 v Sloveniji število ženskih oseb z imenom Snježana: 356.
Od leta 1974 je pedagog na Akademiji za glasbo v Ljubljani. Za svoje umetniško delo je prejel številne nagrade, med drugimi dve nagradi Prešernovega sklada (1978; 1982 - kot član Slovenskega kvinteta trobil) in Župančičevo nagrado (1987).
Obstajajo številni vzroki dispareunije, npr. infekcija (kandidiaza, trihomonas, infekcije sečil, ...), tumor, kseroza (suha nožnica, še posebej po menopavzi). Lahko nastane tudi po primerih obrednega poškodovanja spolovil, ko pride zaradi brazgotinjenja do takega zoženja nožnice, da je vhod preozek za prodiranje.
Borko je priimek v Sloveniji, ki ga je po podatkih Statističnega urada Republike Slovenije na dan 1. januarja 2010 uporabljalo 457 oseb in je med vsemi priimki po pogostosti uporabe uvrščen na 716. mesto.
Nova ustava je bila sprejeta 4. februarja 2003, in vsaka od obeh držav lahko zahteva popolno samostojnost s pomočjo referenduma, razpisanega v letu 2006. 21. maja 2006 je potekal referendum v Črni gori, na katerem se je večina opredelila za samostojno državo (55,5 % za samostojnost, mednarodna politika je za veljavnost odločitve za osamosvojitev zahtevala vsaj 55 %)[1].
Morda je najpreprostejši zgled takšnega problema poiskati krivuljo z najkrajšo dolžino, ki povezuje dve točki. Če ni omejitev, je rešitev očitno daljica med njima. Če pa krivulja na primer leži na ploskvi v prostoru, rešitev ni več tako očitna, in lahko morda obstaja več rešitev. Takšne rešitve so geodetke. Sorodni problem podaja Fermatovo načelo: pot svetlobe je najkrajša optična dolžina med dvema točkama, kjer je optična dolžina odvisna od snovi, v kateri se svetloba giblje. Ustrezen pojem iz mehanike je načelo najmanjše akcije. Teorija optimalnega krmiljenja obravnava posebno vrsto problemov variacijskega računa.
Kerrigan, William Thomas (1997), "Young America": Romantic Nationalism in Literature and Politics, 1843–1861, University of Michigan, 1997, p. 150.
Dragi Deo (izvirno srbsko Драги Део) je naselje v Srbiji, ki upravno spada pod Občino Prokuplje; slednja pa je del Topliškega upravnega okraja.
Koncert za orkester je tudi simbol vedno večjega prepada med sodobno in tradicionalno resno glasbo. Delo je staro več kot 60 let, vendar je ena od zadnjih modernističnih skladb, ki se ji je uspelo prebiti v železni repertoar svetovnih orkestrov.
Po zaposlitvi na ljubljanski univerzi je začel sodelovati s podjetjem Termit Moravče pri razvoju oplaščenih livarskih peskov za postopek izdelave vlitkov po metodi Cronig. Proizvodnja novih livarskih peskov je v Moravčah stekla leta 1973 in se razvila v največjo oplaščevalnico kremenovega peska s fenolno smolo v Evropi.
kjer je c hitrost, ki je v splošnem odvisna od X. Valovna čela za svetlobo so karakteristične ploskve te parcialne diferencialne enačbe. Zanje velja:
Violetta je sledila Alfredovi želji, da bi se z njim preselila na podeželje. Tu živita daleč od šumnega sveta le za svojo ljubezen, vendar pa je življenje drago in Alfred porablja samo svojo malo rento. Od sobarice Anine izve, da tudi Violetta zastavlja svoje premoženje, zato odhiti v Pariz, da bi to uredil. Medtem pa pride njegov oče, Georg Germont, ki terja od Violette, da se Alfredu odpove, čeprav je spoznal, da Violetta ni šla z Alfredom zavoljo denarja. Violetto gane prošnja nesrečnega starca in privoli v ločitev. Ko se Alfred vrne, jo najde pri pisanju pisma, vendar pa vso resnico spozna šele iz pisemca, ki mu ga je bila Violetta v slovo zapustila. Vendar vse resnice ne izve niti iz poslovilnega pisma, ker mu je Violetta sporočila samo to, da ga zapušča in da se vrača v staro življenje, v Pariz.
Maček Muri Ostaja tudi v tej zgodbi prisrčen črn mačkon, ki v sebi združuje obilo človeških lastnosti. Budno spremlja vse dogodke v mestu. Še vedno je zaljubljen v najlepšo mačko Muco Maco, kar mu zavida veliko mačjih tekmecev. Na koncu zgodbe je razvidno, da srce Muce Mace pripada Muriju.
vrsto vprašanj, ki jih je treba postaviti viklifjevcem in husovcem. Ta vprašanja so združena v člene, pred katerimi je opozorilo: »Vsako osebo, ki je bila osumljena, da se drži omenjenih členov ali ki je bila prijeta med njihovim izpovedovanjem, je treba izprašati na način, ki sledi.«
Trbovlje so mesto od sredine 20. stoletja, vendar so se ljudje v teh krajih naseljevali že davno prej, o čemer pričajo najdbe (kamnito kladivo v Lakonci in druge). Naselja so bila majhna, večinoma le nekaj kmetij. Vpisane pa so že v Otokarjevem urbarju (1265). Kasneje se je število kmetij le počasi povečevalo, saj je bila zemlja skopa in bilo jo je malo. Sprva so se naseljevali na vrhovih. Tam so sredi 19. stoletja zgradili cesto. Z njo so povezali dolino s Savinjsko dolino. Obsavsko cesto proti Hrastniku in Zagorju so gradili Nemci med 2. svetovno vojno.
V tej buli, ki jo je izdal 22. II. 1418, izjavlja Martin V. glede odlokov Konstanškega koncila: Kar je določil koncil »in favorem fidei et salutem animarum« , tega se je treba držati. Besedilo bule ni čisto enoznačno. Posamezna mesta lahko razlagajo sebi v prid tako »papalisti« (»papeški, naklonjeni papežu«) kakor tudi »konciliaristi« (»zborovalci, naklonjeni koncilu«).
Gimnazijo je obiskoval v Šentvidu pri Ljubljani in se po maturi vpisal na Oddelek za primerjalno jezikoslovje in orientalistiko na Filozofski fakulteti v Ljubljani, kjer je leta 1982 diplomiral iz primerjalnega jezikoslovja in hetitologije. Leta 1984 je zagovarjal magisterij na temo Problem i-jevske in u-jevske barve v refleksih indoevropskih zlogotvornih sonantov n, m. r, l v baltoslovanščini. Po odsluženem vojaškem roku (leta 1985-1986, ki ga je izkoristil tudi za pridobivanje osnovnega znanja albanščine) se je lotil doktorske disertacije na temo Praslovanski z iz indoevropskega s v luči novejših akcentoloških spoznanj, ki jo je pred komisijo, sestavljeno iz mentorja, akad. prof. dr. Bojana Čopa, ter članov akad. prof. dr. Franceta Bezlaja in prof. dr. Varje Cvetko Orešnik, zagovarjal leta 1989.
Dainese je italijansko podjetje, ki proizvaja obleke za motoriste in obleke za druge ekstremne športe kot npr. downhill kolesarjenje in downhill smučanje. Podjetje je ustanovil Lino Dainese leta 1972.Dainese je v lasti bahrajnskega podetja Investcorp. Znani športniki, ki uporabljajo Dainese obleke so npr. Valentino Rossi in Jorge Lorenzo.
Moramo omeniti, da obstaja več sorodnih predstav možnih fraktalnih razsežnosti. Na primer razsežnost štetja škatel posploši zamisel štetja kvadratov na milimetrskem papirju, kjer lahko določimo točko X, saj se velikost kvadratov manjša. V mnogih primerih te predstave sovpadajo, vendar je vez med njimi dokaj strokovna.
V antimateriji lahko izkoristimo celotno razpoložljivo energijo snovi, z razliko od zelo majhnih količin kemičnih ali jedrskih energij, ki jih lahko proizvedemo danes. Ker je energijska gostota precej večja kot pri drugih oblikah, bo potisk v pogonih raket in vesoljskih vozil precej drugačen. Energije v nekaj gramih antimaterije je dovolj za potovanje majhne vesoljske ladje do Lune. Anihilacija snovi in antimaterije pretvori njuno celotno maso v energijo. To je zdaleč bolj učinkovito kot celo jedrsko zlivanje. Verjamejo, da bodo lahko antimaterijo uporabljali kot gorivo za medplanetarno potovanje ali morebitno medzvezdno potovanje. Obstaja tudi bojazen, da če bo človeštvo imelo te možnosti, bo lahko izdelalo tudi orožja na osnovi antimaterije.
smer Vevče – Bizovik - BTC-Atlantis: Papirniški trg - Vevška cesta - Pot heroja Trtnika - Litijska cesta - Sostrska cesta - Cesta II. grupe odredov - Dobrunjska cesta - Bizoviška cesta - servisna cesta - Hruševska cesta - Litijska cesta - Kajuhova ulica - Letališka cesta - Italijanska ulica¹ - Španska ulica¹ - servisna cesta (končno postajališče)
To naselje je popolnoma srbsko (glede na rezultate popisa iz leta 2002), a v času zadnjih treh popisov je opazno zmanjšanje števila prebivalcev.
Targa Florio 1933 je bila deveta neprvenstvena dirka v sezoni Velikih nagrad 1933. Odvijala se je 28. maja 1933 na italijanskem cestnem dirkališču Piccolo Circuito Madonie. Dirkači so štartali v časovnem intervalu.
Drobnovratnik je majhen hrošč, velik od 8 do 11 mm. Je brez oči in brez pigmenta. Razlike v obarvanosti so opazne le zaradi razlik v barvnih odtenkih hitina. Telo je videti kroglasto zaradi napihnjenega zadka - pokrovke so kupolasto oblikovane, pod njimi pa je prostor, ki ga na spodnji strani omejuje ploščat zadek. Pomen takšne oblike še ni pojasnjen. Glava in oprsje sta majhna in ozka in kot vrat štrlita iz zadka. Tipalnice in noge so zelo dolge, kar je ena od prilagoditev na življenje v temi - so zelo občutljive na dotik in tresljaje, zato omogočajo drobnovratniku da najde hrano ali se izogne plenilcem brez uporabe vida.
V času nastanka glavnega polhograjskega oltarja je bil oče Matej že mrtev, zato bi zasnovo oltarja smeli pripisati sinovoma. Oltar je v baročnem kiparstvu na Slovenskem izjemna stvaritev: dinamično kompozicijo bogati množica figur in ornamentike, ki prekriva skoraj vso oltarno arhitekturo; vendar so štirje kipi stoječih svetnikov, sodeč po robatem izgledu, verjetno delo ljubljanskega kiparja Henrika Mihaela Löhra. Obrazi so na glavnem oltarju v Dvoru mehkejši, gube oblačil plapolajo mirneje. Oba oltarja imata v prostor razgiban nastavek z množico predrokokojskih mrežastih in jermenastih okraskov. Lahko bi rekli, da je dvorski oltar nekaka predstopnja za polhograjsko mojstrovino.
Pred in v času trajanja svojega zakona, je Ludovico vedno imel ljubice, čeprav se zdi, da le eno naenkrat. Bernardina de Corradis je bila zgodnja ljubica, ki mu je rodila hčerko, Bianco Giovanno {1483-1496}. Otrok je bil priznan in kasneje leta 1496 poročen z Galeazzo da Sanseverino. Cecilia Gallerani, naj bi bila najljubša, 3. maj 1491 je rodila sina z imenom Cesare, v istem letu, v katerem se je poročil z Beatrice d'Este. Galleranijeva je opredeljena kot model za Damo s hermelinom, Leonarda da Vincija - hermelin je heraldična žival Ludovica il Mora. Druga gospa je bila Lucrezia Crivelli, ki mu je rodila drugega nezakonskega sina, Giovanni Paola, rojen v letu Beatricine smrti. Bil je condottiero. Ludovico je bil oče tudi tretjemu nezakonskemu sinu, po imenu Sforza, ki je bil rojen okrog 1484 in je nenadoma umrl leta 1487; fantova mama ni znana.
Peti otrok učitelja Dominga Vaz Filipe in Ermelinde Baptista Filipe, se je kot Carlos Filipe Ximenes Belo rodil v vasi Wailakama, v bližini Vemasse, na severni obali Vzhodnega Timorja. Njegov oče, učitelj, je umrl dve leti po njegovem rojstvu. Njegova otroška leta je preživel v katoliški šoli na Baucau in Ossu, nakar je nadaljeval študij v semenišču, kjer je diplomiral leta 1968. Od leta 1969 do 1981, razen iz obdobja praktičnega usposabljanja (1974-1976) v Vzhodni Timoru in v Macau, je skoraj ves čas prebil na Portugalskem in v Rimu, kjer je potem, ko je postal član Salezijancev, študiral filozofijo in teologijo. V duhovnika je bil posvečen leta 1980.
Sir Alan Lloyd Hodgkin, OM, KBE, PRS, angleški fiziolog in biofizik, nobelovec, * 5. februar 1914, Banbury, Oxfordshire, Anglija, † 20. december 1998, Cambridge.
Njen izvir je v osrednjem delu Posavskega hribovja na južni strani glavnega razvodnega hrbta, od koder teče kratek čas po ozki grapi, a že pri Moravčah vstopi v bolj odprt svet in širšo dolino, ki pa se južno od vasi ponovno počasi zoži. Mirna teče večinoma v smeri proti jugovzhodu in kmalu preide na dolomit, v katerem si je izdelala do 100 m globoko dolino z ozkim ravnim dnom in strmimi, večinoma gozdnatimi pobočji. V tem delu se vanjo z obeh strani stekajo številni krajši potoki, ki pritekajo iz podobnih, vendar ožjih dolin (Gabrovščica, Cerknica, Dušica). Mestoma mokrotno dolinsko dno je deloma pod travniki in njivami, v sami dolini je le tu in tam kakšna samotna domačija; vasi so v tem delu Dolenjske večinoma na manjših uravnavah nad ozkimi dolinami. Pod vasjo Gornje Ravne, kjer se ji pridruži desni pritok Dušica, priteče Mirna ponovno na dolomitne kamnine srednjetriasne starosti, v katerih si je izdelala ozko, vijugasto dolino z ravnim dnom in zelo strmimi pobočji; ta del doline je skoraj povsem neposeljen. Po nekaj kilometrih se dolinsko dno počasi razširi in reka se iz jugovzhodne smeri preusmeri skoraj proti vzhodu.
V posamični konkurenci je največji uspeh kariere dosegla leta 1970, ko se je uvrstila v finale turnirja za Odprto prvenstvo Francije, kjer jo je premagala Margaret Court v dveh nizih. Na turnirjih za Odprto prvenstvo ZDA se je najdlje uvrstila v polfinale leta 1973, na turnirjih za Odprto prvenstvo Avstralije v četrtfinale leta 1976, kot tudi na turnirjih za Odprto prvenstvo Anglije v letih 1970 in 1974. V konkurenci ženskih dvojic se je leta 1976 uvrstila v finale turnirja za Odprto prvenstvo Francija skupaj s Kathleen Harter. Nastopila je na Olimpijskih igrah 1968, kjer je bil tenis demonstracijski šport, in osvojila zlati medalji v posamični konkurenci in konkurenci ženskih dvojic, v konkurenci mešanih dvojic pa srebrno medaljo.
Iraška vojna (poimenovana tudi druga perzijska zalivska vojna, okupacija Iraka ali operacija Iraška svoboda) je trenutni vojaški spopad med mednarodno koalicijo sil in uporniškimi skupinami v Iraku.
Pegasti badelj je zdravilna rastlina; za pripravo zdravilnih pripravkov se uporabljajo plodovi pegastega badlja. V plodu se nahajajo različni flavonoidi, ki jih s skupnim imenom imenujemo silimarin. Med njimi so za zdravilne učinke najpomembnejši silibilin, silikristin in silidianin. Te spojine delujejo ugodno na delovanje jeter, zato se izvlečki iz plodu pegastega badlja uporabljajo pri preprečevanju in lajšanju jetrnih obolenj (npr. hepatitis, ciroza jeter, zastrupitve).
Besneča brunarica je stara zgradba, za katero se je vedno govorilo, da v njej strašijo najbolj zlobni duhovi v vsej Angliji. Zgradili so jo v času, ko so v šolo hodili Harryjev oče, boter, ter njun prijatelj Remus Wulf, ki je volkodlak. Zgradili so jo na ukaz Albusa Dumbledorja, namenjena pa je bila Remusu Wulfu ob njegovi preobrazbi v volkodlaka.
6. gorska divizija (izvirno nemško 6. Gebirgsjäger-Division; dobesedno 6. gorskolovska divizija) je bila gorska lahka divizija v sestavi redne nemške kopenske vojske med drugo svetovno vojno.
kastiljska kurtina – stena povezuje bastijona svetega Jakoba in svetega Petra in Pavla. Njen parapet so v glavnem porušili, da bi naredili prostor za cesto od Floriane do Vallette;
Bila je članica SK Triglav Kranj od leta 1993 - 2005. Poleg Tanje Volčjak (SSK Žirovnica) je prva slovenska smučarska skakalka, ki se je začela ukvarjati s smučarskimi skoki v Sloveniji in je tekmovala na mednarodnem nivoju (FIS pokal, celinski pokal in Grand Prix). Svojo kariero je zaključila zaradi poškodbe kolka.
Večji levi pritoki so Grahovica, Kamenca, Hinja, Jeseniščica, Bistrica, Busenka, Sotla, Homščica in Gabrovščica, večji desni pritoki so Cerknica, Dušica, Vejar, Pravharica, Bačji potok in Savrica.
Melian je namišljena oseba iz Tolkienove mitologije. Bila je Majarka iz rodu Anjurjev. Zaljubila se je v vilinskega kralja Thingola, s katerim sta vladala Doriathu. Bila je edina od Majarjev, ki so rodili otroka. Imela je hčerko Lúthien, po kateri se je Melianin rod prenesel na ljudi in viline.
8 megaherčni Motorolin procesor 68000 je bil več kot 60 % hitrejši od Lise (ki je bila predhodnik Macintosha). Glavni razlog, da so prve Macintoshe na tržišče pošiljali s 128 KB pomnilnika namesto z 256 KB, je bila takratna izjemno visoka cena pomnilnikov. Tako je bil računalnik 200 do 400 dolarjev cenejši.
Nedomanský je bil dolgoletni igralec kluba HC Slovan Bratislava v češkoslovaški ligi, nato pa je, po štirih letih v ligi WHA, v ligi NHL igral za klube Detroit Red Wings, St. Louis Blues in New York Rangers, kjer se je po sezoni 1983 upokojil.
Linija obratuje samo ob delavnikih, tj. od ponedeljka do petka med 5.35 in 22.42. Ob sobotah, nedeljah in praznikih avtobusi na tej liniji ne vozijo.
Polkovnik (angleško Colonel) je najvišji častniški vojaški čin Pakistanske kopenske vojske, ki v sklopu Natovega standarda STANAG 2116 sodi v razred OF-5. Čin je bil neposredno prevzet po istem britanskem činu, pri čemer so zamenjali krono s polmescem z zvezdo in tudi preoblikovali zvezdo.
Po Mačjem sejmu se življenje v Mačjem mestu vrne v ustaljene tire. Maček Muri še naprej vsak dan obiskuje Muco Maco. Skupaj pijeta čaj ob peti uri in se držita za tačke.
Leta 1985 je kombinacija Macintosha in njegovega GUI, skupaj s programom Aldus Pagemaker in Applovim tiskalnikom LaserWriter omogočila poceni rešitev za oblikovanje in pregledovanje natisnjenega materiala, aktivnost, ki je kasneje postala znana kot namizno založništvo. Zanimanje za Macintosha se je takoj izjemno povečalo in je šele zdaj počasi začelo izgubljati nadvlado kot standardna platforma za namizno založništvo z izdajanjem novih programov za Windows pred OS X (InDesign). Do leta 1990 je bilo mišljeno, da bo arhitektura procesorjev RISC kmalu drastično prehitela hitrosti CISC procesorje, kot Motorolin 6800 in Intelovi x86. Združenje podjetij Apple, IBM in Motorola (AIM alliance) je oznanilo, da bo ustvarilo serijo RISC procesorjev imenovanih PowerPC. Obstoječi Macintosh programi, ki so bili napisani, so tekli na emulatorju. PowerPC je še danes Macov procesor.
Mirna je v srednjem toku regulirana in teče po ravni, enolični strugi, ki je zamenjala nekdanjo vijugasto strugo s počasi tekočo vodo. Zgornji tok reke je v povsem naravnem stanju, le v manjši meri je preoblikovan tudi spodnji tok v soteski pod Pijavicami. Zgornji tok Mirne ter mokrišča ob srednjem toku so opredeljeni kot naravna vrednota državnega pomena, celoten tok Mirne od izvira do izliva je vključen tudi v območje Natura 2000. Zgornji tok reke je pomemben habitat raka navadnega koščaka (Austropotamobius torrentium), v srednjem in spodnjem toku živi pet v evropskem merilu pomembnih ribjih vrst: velika nežica (Cobitis elongata), pohra (Barbus meridionalis), sulec (Hucho hucho), blistavec (Telestes souffia) in platnica (Rutilus pigus). V Mirni in pritokih živita tudi školjka navadni škržek (Unio crassus) in vidra (Lutra lutra). Ob manjših pritokih Mirne in ob osuševalnih jarkih v razširjenem delu doline ob srednjem toku živi kačji pastir koščični škratec (Coenagrion ornatum), zaradi česar je območje Natura 2000 razširjeno na celotno dolinsko dno.
Po osvoboditvi je vse do upokojitve deloval na področju lesnega gospodarstva in gozdarstva; ukvarjal se je z organizacijo lesnega zadružništva in delal na inštitutu za gozdarstvo. Objavljal v strokovnih revijah in izdal brošuro Les. Poleg tega je v samozaložbi izdal dve pesniški zbirki: Oproščenje (Maribor, 1923) in Čudak in sončna ura (Maribor, 1929). V pregnanstvu je v srbščini napisal zbirko Pesme mrtvog partizana in kratek roman Boris Grič. Je avtor več dramskih del (npr. dram Črnovojnik Pankracij, Prelom), šaljivke Visoka čebelarska šola in otroške igre Tinček Potepinček. V Planinskem vestniku je objavljal članke in drobne impresije. Sestavil je več skladb za gosli, zbor in solo. Večina njegovega glasbenega in literarnega dela je ostala v rokopisu.
Najdaljšo mejo ima Teksas z Mehiko. Meji tudi na ameriške zvezne države Novo Mehiko, Oklahomo, Arkansas in Louisiano. Površje je zelo raznoliko: širok obalni pas z močvirji ob obali in preriji v osrednjem delu države se proti zahodu dviga v Trans-Pecos planote.
Peršin je maturiral na ljubljanski klasični gimnaziji, med drugo svetovno vojno pa je bil interniran v italijanskih taboriščih. Po vojni se je vpisal na zagrebško akademijo likovnih umetnosti in tam leta 1949 diplomiral iz slikarstva. Po diplomi se je sprva zaposlil kot učitelj risanja na ljubljanski gimnaziji, leta 1956 pa je postal profesor na Šoli za oblikovanje v Ljubljani.
Rodila se je v premožni družini judovskih izobražencev kot najstarejša od treh sester. Do desetega leta se je šolala doma, odtlej pa v zasebni šoli v Pragi. Po zgledu strica pediatra je želela postati zdravnica. Kljub temu, da v tistih časih ni bilo v navadi da bi dekleta šla študirat in ji njeno dotedanje šolanje ni dalo dovolj podlage iz naravoslovja, je končala pripravljalno šolo in vpisala študij medicine na Karlovi univerzi v Pragi, kjer je bila ena redkih deklet v letniku. Tu je spoznala svojega bodočega moža, s katerim sta se hitro ujela. Leta 1920, ko se je vrnil s fronte, sta oba doktorirala, objavila skupni znanstveni članek in se na Dunaju poročila. V ta namen se je spreobrnila v katolištvo. Njeno zanimanje za presnovo ogljikovih hidratov je po izročilu izviralo od mame, ki je bila diabetik in naj bi ji nekoč rekla: »zdravnica si, najdi mi zdravilo«. Gerty je po tistem delala v pediatrični bolnišnici, a je bilo življenje v povojni Avstriji težavno. Zaradi pomanjkanja vitamina A se ji je razvila kseroftalmija, ki je izginila šele po vrnitvi v Prago, ko je spet bolje jedla. Dodatno težavo je predstavljalo njeno judovsko poreklo, saj je bil to čas vzpona nacionalsocializma in antisemitizma. Poskušala sta dobiti delo v ZDA da bi emigrirala, a to ni bilo takoj izvedljivo, zato sta bila pripravljena sprejeti celo službo zdravnikov pri nizozemski vladi na Javi.
Opravil je obsežna terenska raziskovanja v Podzemlju, Dolnjem Lakošu in na več kot štiridesetih višinskih naseljih v osrednji Sloveniji. Pomembna so tudi njegova topografska rekognosciranja, ki so potekala vrsto let na območju Bele krajine in Dolenjske.
Novinar revije San Francisco Chronicle, Aidin Vaziri, je koncertu v Oaklandu dodelil pozitivno oceno: »Nemogoče je opisati celoten spektakel, ki nam ga je ponudila Kylie: del vegaške ekstravagance, del znanstvenofantastične pustolovščine, cel blišč. Vključeval je zlate tigre, konfete, z diamanti posute nogometaše, digitalne dodatke in trojanske vojščake. No, zakaj pa ne? [...] Dejstvo, da se ji je uspelo ujemati z vsem tem, je že samo po sebi neverjetno. Zdelo se mi je, da so koncert namenoma oblikovali tako, da ga še z lune niso mogli zgrešiti: vključili so ogromno video projektorjev, na vseh zaslonih se je videlo mnogokrat povečano Kylie Minogue, kako poje. Oder je bil napolnjen z glasbeniki in včasih z vojsko robotov. S svojo garderobo je očitno želela na kolena spraviti še Lady Gaga. [...] Z izjemo občasnih balad, ki so nas opozarjale na dejstvo, da ima sicer relativno majhen glasek niso naredili nobene napake. Temu so torej sledili eno prijetno presenečenje za drugim, najbolj navdušeni pa so bili seveda oboževalci, ki so na to čakali tako dolgo.«
Jugovzhodno od Dubrovnika je v smeri proti Boki Kotorski zaokroženo območje Župa dubrovačka, ki se razprostira ob Župskem zalivu. Tu je cela vrsta prijetnih turističnih naselij: Kupari, Mlini, Plat in Cavtat. Hrvaški del obale se končuje z rodovitnim kmetijskim področjem Konavle.
V 17. in 18. stoletju so utrdbe Vallette okrepili z gradnjo različnih zunanjih objektov, sestavljene so bile iz štirih nasprotnih branikov vzdolž sprednjega zemljišča s skrito potjo in glasijo. Severni konec polotoka, tudi utrdba svetega Elma, so ogradili z bastijonskim obzidjem (znan kot Carafa enceinte) v poznih 1680-ih, da bi preprečili dostop z morja.
Švicarji so kasneje obnovili Milansko vojvodino z Ludovicovim sinom, Maksimilijanom Sforza. Njegov drugi sin, Francesco II., je prav tako kratek čas vodil vojvodino v Milanu. Francesco II. je umrl leta 1535, kar je sprožilo italijansko vojno, zaradi katere je Milano prešel pod španski imperij.
Gozdna meja je nadmorska višina, do koder seže strnjen gozd. Nad to mejo drevesa tako gosto ne morejo rasti zaradi prenizkih temperatur, preredkega ozračja, revne prsti ipd. Natančna višina gozdne meje je odvisna od podnebja širšega območja, kjer se nahajajo vzpetine.
luneta svete Magdalene je zaščitila kurtino mestnih vrat (Porta Reale) in vhod v mesto. V 19. stoletju je bila porušena, na njenem mestu je zdaj Tritonov vodnjak;
Užaloščen nad popolno predajo svoje domovine nacistični Nemčiji, je skladatelj leta 1940 emigriral v ZDA, tam pa se ni najbolje znašel. Kazalo je, da je njegova kariera muzikologa, koncertnega pianista in skladatelja končana. Njegovi klavirski recitali so naleteli na sovražne kritike in javno nezanimanje, nekaj časa je na kolumbijski univerzi urejal posnetke indijanske ljudske glasbe, potem pa ga tudi tam niso več potrebovali. V naslednjih letih ni napisal ničesar. Zašel je v bedo, miloščine pa ni hotel sprejemati. Počutil se je kot izgnanec in si je obupno želel vrnitve v domovino. Povrhu tega ga je začelo izdajati tudi zdravje. Prijatelja, slavni violinist Josef Szigeti in dirigent Fritz Reiner, sta mu priskočila na pomoč in mu priskrbela naročilo Bostonskega simfoničnega orkestra za novo delo. Tako je nastal znameniti Koncert za orkester. Bostonski simfoniki so ga prvič izvedli 1. decembra 1944 pod vodstvom dirigenta Sergeja Koussevitzkega. Uspeh je bil velik. Prej pozabljeni skladatelj in njegova dela so znova pritegnili pozornost. Prišlo je več novih naročil in Bartok je spet pisal glasbo. A njegovo zdravje je dokončno opešalo in septembra 1945 je v New Yorku umrl za levkemijo. Koncert za orkester je njegova glasbena oporoka. V njem se bleščeče združujejo ideje, ki jih je razvijal vse življenje in vplivi, ki jim je bil podvržen, od Bachovega do Debussyjevega in Schoenbergovega, vse pa prevevata prvinska sila ljudske glasbe in moč njegove osebnosti.
Znane zgradbe in ureditve, ki jih je zasnoval Ravnikar, so: izjemna palača Mestne občine Kranj (OLO Kranj), grobišče talcev v Begunjah in posebej zanimivo grobišče talcev v Dragi. Zasnoval je ureditev za pokopališče internirancev v Kamporju na Rabu (1953) in več manjših spomenikov v Ljubljani. Njegovo delo so mdr. stanovanjski kompleks Ferantov vrt (1975), zgradba časopisnga podjetja Dnevnik (Kanarček, poimenovana po rumeni plastični fasadi) in Fakultete za gradbeništvo in geodezijo, nazadnje je zmagal na natečaju za prizidek k Narodni galeriji (dograjen 1993), vse v Ljubljani. Več objektov je postavil tudi v Kranju (banka, Hotel Creina, Veleblagovnica Globus - sedaj knjižnica). Ravnikar je oblikoval opremo za knjige, plakate in druge izdelke.
Nastopila je na poletnih olimpijskih igrah v letih 1960 in 1964, kjer je osvojila dva zaporedna naslova olimpijske prvakinje v suvanju krogle ter naslov prvakinje in podprvakinje v metu diska. Na evropskih prvenstvih je osvojila dva zaporedna naslova prvakinje v metu diska ter zlato in bronasto medaljo v suvanju krogle. Šestkrat zapored je postavila tako svetovni rekord v suvanju krogle, ki ga je držala med letoma 1959 in 1967, kot tudi svetovni rekord v metu diska, ki ga je držala med letoma 1960 in 1967.
Achim von Arnim (celotno ime Carl Joachim Friedrich Ludwig von Arnim, nemški pisatelj, * 26. januar 1781, Berlin, † 21. januar 1831, Wiepersdorf.
Po uporu v Bosni in Hercegovini 1875 se je tudi Črna gora vpletla v vojno s Turki in jih nekajkrat premagala. Na berlinskem kongresu 1878 je Črna gora končno dobila mednarodno priznanje, pa tudi ozemeljsko se je močno povečala, saj je dobila Nikšić, Kolašin, Bar in Ulcinj, kar je bilo zelo pomembno za njen gospodarski in družbeni razvoj. Ozemeljsko se je zdaj skoraj podvojila. Na novo pridobljenih ozemljih je takoj odpravila turški fevdalni sistem, vendar je bila drobna kmečka posest še naprej značilnost v agrarnih odnosih. S to delitvijo zemlje so večji del dobili knez in državni funkcionarji. Ena najbolj pomembnih pridobitev so bila mesta in izhod na morje. Zdaj je zaživelo gospodarstvo in nastajalo je tudi meščanstvo. V državo je začel pritekati italijanski in avstrijski kapital in 1906 je država dobila svojo valuto - perper. Začeli so graditi ceste in jih do preloma stoletja zgradili okrog 450 km. Nastajala so podjetja za predelavo lesa, izdelavo tobaka in piva. Razvijale so se banke in hranilnice, vzpostavljale so se telegrafske in telefonske povezave.
Juan María Laboa: La storia dei papi. Tra il regno di Dio e le passioni terrene. Jaca Book, Milano 2007. (Historia de los Papas. Entre el reino de Dios y las pasiones terrenales. Iz španščine prevedli: Antonio Tombolini, Emanuela Villa, Anna Serralunga).
Graf je priimek v Sloveniji, ki ga je po podatkih Statističnega urada Republike Slovenije na dan 1. januarja 2010 uporabljalo 23 oseb in je med vsemi priimki po pogostosti uporabe uvrščen na 12.060. mesto.
V gledališki sezoni 2015/16 je v Metropolitnski operi uspešno nastopila v vlogah treh kraljic v tudorski trilogiji (Anna Bolena, Maria Stuart, Roberto Devereaux) Gaetana Donizettija. S tem je postala prva sopranistka v zgodovini te operne hiše, ki se je odločila spoprijeti s tem zahtevnim pevskim in igralskim izzivom.
Jame Pindaja (Pindaya) (burmansko ပင်းတယ ရွှေဥမင်, izgovarjava: [pɪɴdəja̰ ʃwè ṵmɪɴ]; uradno ပင်းတယ ရွှေဥမင် သဘာဝ လိုဏ်ဂူ ဘုရား) so v bližini mesta Pindaja v državi Šan, Mjanmar, so budistično romarsko mesto in turistična zanimivost. Nastale so na apnenčastem grebenu v regiji Mjelat. Na grebenu so tri jame v smeri sever-jug, raziskana in vpisana je samo južna jama. Ni znano, ali drugi dve segata globlje v pobočje.
Čopasta grebenuša zraste v višino med 7 in 30 cm in ima vijolične cvetove, ki so zbrani v socvetja, v katera se združuje od 15 do 50 posamičnih cvetov.
Med osmansko okupacijo Ogrske od leta 1541 do 1686 je bil Budim upravno središče province Budim. Sredi 17. stoletja je bila večina prebivalstva muslimanska, večinoma zaradi priseljevanja muslimanov z Balkana.
Znak za premer v tehniki je po videzu podoben črki Φ, zato se ga bere kot "fi", npr.: oznaka 10 (beri: fi-10) pomeni, da je premer nekega elementa 10 enot.
Na kitaro igra že od šestega leta. Po odsluženju vojaškega roka (pri dvajsetih) se je pridružil zasedbi, s katero so nastopali po Avstriji, Nemčiji, Švici in Italiji. Po štirih letih se je vrnil v Slovenijo in kot član skupine Freeway nastopil na Emi 1995 s skladbo »Joanna«, pri nastanku katere je tudi sodeloval. Pot ga je pozneje zopet zanesla v tujino, tokrat Skandinavijo (Švedska, Finska), kjer je preživel in nastopal 8 let. Na Švedskem se je tudi preimenoval v Samuela Lucasa. Njegova pevska kariera v Sloveniji je resnično zaživela leta 2009, ko se je na povabilo Aleša Klinarja udeležil Eme s pop-rock balado »Vse bi zate dal« in zasedel 3. mesto. Istega leta je nastopil tudi na Slovenski popevki (»Vedno bom s tabo ostal«), na Eminem odru pa je ponovno stal leta 2014 (»Masquerade«).
L.2005 so se začeli pojavljati nesporazumi z založbo Relapse Records, ki je skupini Nile, ki je do takrat že zamenjala precejšnje število članov, omejila poimenovanje albuma. Originalni naslov albuma je bil »Ithyphallic«, ki pa je zaradi pomena (Erekten) bil zavrnjen. Založba ni razumela, da je v časih starih Egipčanov spolnost bila pomembna tematika ter je pogosto bila povezana tudi z verstvom (vsakoletna masturbacija Ramzesa v reko Nil, itd.). Album je zato bil preimenovan v Annihilation of the Wicked. Leta 2007 je bil izdan naslednji album, tokrat pod založbo Nuclear Blast, ki je dovolila poimenovanje albuma Ithyphallic. Skupina je zaradi nove založbe (ter posledično tudi boljše promocije) bila izpostavljena veliko večjem občinstvu, ter sedaj uživa prve valove komercialnega uspeha v svoji zgodovini.
Dulcineja je bilo ime junakinji v Cervantesevemu romanu Don Kihot. Ime Dulcineja se je posplošilo v šaljiv izraz dulčinéja v pomenu »dekle, ljubica«.
Hubert Jedin: Crkveni sabori. Kratka povijest. Kršćanska sadašnjost, Zagreb 1980. (po: Kleine Konzillengeschichte. Mit einem Bericht über das Zweite Vatikanische Konzil. Verlag Herder, Freiburg i. Br. 1978 (8. izdaja).
Joško Joras je znan predvsem po prizadevanjih za to, da bi Slovenija pri razmejitvi s Hrvaško dobila sporna ozemlja na južnem (levem) bregu Dragonje. Joras, ki stanuje na spornem območju med Slovenijo in Hrvaško, je predmet političnih in pravnih obravnav obeh vpletenih držav. Nesoglasja med državama, ki bi po razpadu Jugoslavije morali začrtati poprej dvoumno definirano državno mejo, se vrstijo od leta 1991. S tem državi onemogočata normalne življenjske pogoje prebivalcem ob razmejitveni črti. Joras je v konstantnem sporu s hrvaškimi oblastmi in ga je hrvaška policija večkrat aretirala. Zaradi tovrstnih dogodkov je postal medijsko znana osebnost.
Možnost kontaminacije je sicer manjša kot pri drugih živilih, ker med pripravo kombučinega čaja nastajajo kisle organske kisline in antibiotične snovi, ki zavirajo rast kontaminantov. Če se kultura kontaminira, so to najverjetneje plesni, ki so pogosto zelene, modre, ali črne barve in tako sestavino je potrebno zavreči.
Leta 2001 je Brandon zapustil skupino, v kateri je sprva deloval. To ni bila prava rock skupina, temveč syntpop zasedba, v kateri glavni inštrument predstavlja sintetizator. Pozneje, prav na koncertu skupine Oasis, se je Brandon zavedel, da hoče ustvariti pravo rock zasedbo. Tako je začel iskati kitarista. Spoznal je Dava Keuninga. Hitro sta se ujela in takoj začela vaditi, skupaj z basistom in bobnarjem, ki pa sta zasedbo kmalu zapustila. Vanucci in Stoermer sta takrat že bila člana drugih skupin. Zbližali so se, ko sta jima Brandon in Dave ponudila mesto v skupini The killers. Ime benda izhaja iz napisa na bobnih zasedbe New Order, v videospotu za skladbo »Crystal«. Po prvih nastopih, je Ronnie priznal, da je skupina še precej zelena in bo potrebovala kar veliko dela. Zadnji, ki je pristopil k bandu pa je bil Mark. Delno tudi zato, ker sta z Brandonom hitro postala prijatelja. Na začetku so vadili kar v garaži Ronnijeve hiše.
Po podatkih Statističnega urada Republike Slovenije je bilo na dan 31. decembra 2007 v Sloveniji število ženskih oseb z imenom Slađana: 355.
Uporabe napitka iz kombuče naj bi izvirala od 200 let pred našim štetjem na Daljnem vzhodu (predvsem Kitajska, tudi Japonska). Iz njega so pripravljali tako imenovani »Božji čaj« ali »eliksir življenja« ali »čaj nesmrtnosti« in verjeli, da ima čarobno moč ter omogoča večno življenje. Ime kombuča oziroma kombuša ali kombu-čaj se naj bi imenovala po korejskem zdravniku Kombu. Z njim naj bi ozdravil prebavne motnje takratnega japonskega cesarja Imperiorja. Konec 19. stoletja so napitek pripravljali tudi v Rusiji, od koder je desetletja kasneje prišel tudi v Evropo.
15. februarja 1945 je uspel sestreliti tudi prvo reaktivno letalo - nemški lovec Me 262. Do konca druge svetovne vojne je tako opravil 330 bojnih poletov, sodeloval v 120 zračnih bojih in sam sestrelil 62 sovražnikovih letal. Poleg tega je sestrelil tudi dva ameriška lovca P-51, ki ga naj bi po njegovih besedah prva napadla.
Jarvis je igral na levem krilu. V ligi NHL je preživel 3 sezone, v katerih je zastopal barve treh različnih moštev - Pittsburgh Pirates, Philadelphia Quakers in Toronto Maple Leafs.
Pavel Ivanovič Beljajev (rusko Па́вел Ива́нович Беля́ев), ruski častnik, vojaški pilot, kozmonavt in heroj Sovjetske zveze, * 26. junij 1925, Čeliščevo, Rosljatinski rajon, (danes Babuškinski rajon), Vologdska oblast, Sovjetska zveza (danes Rusija), † 10. januar 1970, Moskva, Sovjetska zveza (danes Rusija).
Pri vasi Pijavice se dolinsko dno ob Mirni ponovno zoži in reka vstopi v ozko in vijugasto sotesko, ki si jo je na poti proti Savi izdelala v tršem dolomitu iz srednjega triasa ter rdečem apnencu, laporju in glinastem skrilavcu kredne starosti (t. i. velikotrnski skladi). Čeprav je ta del doline tipična soteska, je v njenem dnu nekaj prostora za travnike, manjše zaselke ter cesto in železniško progo Sevnica–Trebnje, razen pod vasjo Jelovec, kjer je v trdem dolomitu izdelala dva lepa ujeta meandra, skozi katera se je morala železniška proga prebiti v dveh krajših predorih. Nekoliko dolvodno, pri Dolenjem Boštanju, vstopi Mirna v širšo dolino Save in se slab kilometer naprej izlije v Savo.
Do sedaj se je privzelo, da imajo ekstremalne funkcije dva zvezna odvoda, čeprav obstoj integrala A zahteva le prve odvode poskusnih funkcij. Pogoj, da je prva variacija v ekstremni vrednosti enaka 0, se lahko ima za šibko obliko Euler-Lagrangeeve enačbe. Du Bois-Reymondov izrek pravi, da ta šibka oblika vsebuje močno obliko. Če ima L zvezne prve in druge odvode po vseh svojih argumentih, in če velja:
Peter Štih, »Ob naselitvi Slovanov vse pobito?«. V Množične smrti na Slovenskem : 29. zborovanje slovenskih zgodovinarjev, Ljubljana, 1999, str. 79-93; (COBISS)
Leta 1879 so bila ustanovljena ministrstva in veliko sodišče. Knez je še vedno imel vse zakonodajne pravice. Upravno je bila država razdeljena na nahije, te pa na kapetanije. Istega leta so bile ustanovljene prve enote redne vojske in prve vojaške šole. Izoblikoval se je pravni sistem in 1888 je bil sprejet splošni imovinski zakonik. Nastajajoče meščanstvo in inteligenca sta vplivali na razvoj političnega življenja in v začetku devetdesetih let je Črna gora dobila prvo demokratično opozicijo, ki pa jo je knez preganjal in njeni voditelji so morali v izgnanstvo. Knez si je pridobil ugled z veščo ženitveno politiko, ko je šest svojih hčera poročil na različne evropske dvore.
Kochta je v češkoslovaški ligi igral za klube HK Sparta Praga, HK Sparta Praga in Dukla Jihlava, v drugem delu kariere pa v nemški ligi za klube EV Landshut, EHC 70 München in EC Hedos München.
Marjan Tomšič: Noč je moja, dan je tvoj (istrske štorije), zbirka ljudskih pravljic s področja Istre, ČZP Kmečki glas, Ljubljana 1989, stran 76, pravljica št. 54
Alpsko smučanje na Zimskih olimpijskih igrah 1980. Olimpijska prvaka v smuku sta postala Leonhard Stock in Annemarie Moser-Pröll, dvojna olimpijska prvaka v veleslalomu in slalomu pa Ingemar Stenmark in Hanni Wenzel. Tekmovanje je zadnjič štelo tudi za Svetovno prvenstvo, kombinacija je štela le za svetovno prvenstvo.
Za narodno herojinjo je bila razglašena 15. julija 1951. Med letoma 1980 in 1998 se je po njej imenovala krajevna skupnost Rezka Dragar-Črnuče.
3. maja 1945 je podmornica zapustila Wilhelmshaven. 21. maja 1945 se je podmornica predala v Kielu, nato pa je bila čez mesec dni (21. junija) poslana v Loch Ryan. Avgusta istega leta je bila poslana v ZDA, kjer so jo uporabili za poskuse. Julija 1948 je bila izvzeta iz aktivne uporabe in maja 1954 je bila potopljena v preizkusu eksploziva. Razbitino so razrezali v Portoriku.
Sveti Marko, na katerem stoji svetilnik, leži v Kvarnerskem zalivu. Površina otoka je 0,706 km². Dolžina obale meri 3,89 km. Otoček leži v morskem prelivu med otokom Krkom in Kraljevico. Poznan je po tem, da se od kopnega do otoka razpenja 390 m dolg lok betonskega mostu. V času gradnje od 1976 do 1980 je bil Krški most (Titov most) s tako velikim razponom največji tak objekt na svetu.
Epizode prve sezone so snemali med majem in novembrom 2006. Prvi dve epizodi sta doživeli premiero 22. oktobra 2006 na televizijskih kanalih BBC Three in BBC HD. Predvajali so ju eno za drugo, enako pa se je zgodilo z zadnjima dvema epizodama prve sezone, ki sta bili premierno predvajani 1. januarja 2007. Vsem ostalim epizodam so dodelili nedeljski spored ob 10. uri zvečer.
britanski pilot Andy Green v vozilu ThrustSSC podre kopenski hitrostni rekord in postane prvi človek, ki je s kopenskim vozilom prebil zvočni zid.
Clifford Whittingham Beers, ameriški aktivist gibanja za mentalno higieno, * 30. marec 1876, New Haven, Connecticut, ZDA, † 9. julij 1943, Providence, Rhode Island, ZDA.
Črna gora je bila ob Njegoševi smrti 1851 dejansko samostojna država s priznanimi mejami, ni pa bila priznana še mednarodnopravno. Bila je majhna in revna državica z zelo malo obdelovalne zemlje in razvoj države je terjal ne le enotni notranji trg, pač pa tudi razširitev ozemlja, da bi država postala sposobna za samostojno ekonomsko življenje. Njegošev naslednik je z rusko pomočjo postal Danilo, ki se je 1852 razglasil za kneza, začel vladati absolutistično in kmalu zatrl vsako opozicijo. Po porazu s premočno turško vojsko 1852 je knez ustanovil svojo knežjo gardo in opravil popis vojske (vojni obvezniki so bili vsi moški med 16. in 60. letom starosti), vojska je tako postala glavni steber knezove oblasti, pomembno vlogo pa je imela tudi pri utrjevanju državne oblasti. S pomočjo plemenskih poglavarjev je knez utrdil državno oblast, pleme je zdaj postalo administrativno-teritorialna enota. Izpopolnjen je bil davčni sistem in uvedene carine, 1855 pa sprejet splošni državni zakon. Na priporočilo Rusije Črna gora ni sodelovala v krimski vojni, zaradi poraza Rusije v tej vojni pa se je njeno mednarodno priznanje zavleklo do berlinskega kongresa. Ruski poraz je vplival tudi na črnogorsko zunanjo politiko, ki se je za desetletje naslonila na Avstrijo. Leta 1859 so Črnogorci na Grahovcu premagali Turke in Turčija je pristala na razmejitev med državama. Leta 1860 je bil knez Danilo ubit v atentatu, zamenjal pa ga je knez Nikola, ki je bil zadnji knez, od 1910 pa tudi prvi in edini črnogorski kralj. Novi knez je nadaljeval politiko prejšnjega. Najprej je moral 1862 podpisati sporazum s Turki, saj je le s posredovanjem velesil Črno goro rešil pred turško zasedbo. Leta 1866 je Črna gora sklenila zvezo s Srbijo, ki ji je veliko pomagala pri reorganizaciji vojske in dobavi orožja.
Je podjetnica in svetovalka na področju razvojnih strategij za podjetja, lokalne skupnosti in regionalne razvojne agencije. Kot diplomantka ljubljanske Fakultete za elektrotehniko je nadaljevala izobraževanje na magistrskem študiju na Golden Gate University v San Franciscu.
Naselje je prav tako sedež okrožja, v katerega so poleg njegovih dveh vključeni še kantoni Andrésy, La Celle-Saint-Cloud, Chatou, Conflans-Sainte-Honorine, Houilles, Maisons-Laffitte, Marly-le-Roi, Pecq, Poissy-Jug/Sever, Saint-Nom-la-Bretèche, Sartrouville, Triel-sur-Seine in Vésinet s 528.320 prebivalci.
|- | Torpeda/Torpedne cevi | 22/6 (4 na premcu, 2 na krmi) |- | Krovni top (mm) | 105 (110 granat) |- | Mine | 44 TMA |- | Posadka | 48-56 |- | Maksimalni potop (m) | 230 |- |}
Vroče točke so območja na Zemeljskem površju, ki predstavljajo območja velike ognjeniške aktivnosti. Vzrok vulkanske aktivnosti ni neposredno v tektonskih procesih in zato vroče točke niso omejene na robove tektonskih plošč.
Dispareunijo je potrebno vedno smatrati najprej kot fizikalni in šele nato, ko smo izključili vse fizikalne vzroke, kot emocionalno. Pri večini primerov dispareunije obstaja tudi fizični vzrok bolečine. Le v ekstremnih oblikah, ob katerih se muskulatura medeničnega dna krči »nehote«, to stanje imenujemo vaginizem.
Utrdbe Vallette so bile prvič uporabljene ob francoskem vdoru na Malto 9. junija 1798. Red se je predal le tri dni kasneje, 12. junija, in Valletto in utrdbe so predali Francozom. Po ogledu fortifikacij je Napoleon menda pripomnil: "Zelo sem vesel, da so odprli vrata za nas."
Asteroid Pompeja obkroži Sonce v 4,53 letih. Njegova tirnica ima izsrednost 0,061, nagnjena pa je za 3,185° proti ekliptiki. Njegov premer je 116,25 km, okoli svoje osi se zavrti v 46,6 h.
Vas Koritnice je vrstna vas, ki leži v bližini Knežaka. V osrčju vasi stoji cerkev sv. Antona nad vasjo pa leži stara romarska cerkev Sv. Hieronima. Po legendi naj bi vas dobila ime po koritih, ki so bila na pašnikih in s katerimi so kmetje tu napajali živino. Vas sestavlja okoli 80 hiš, od katerih jih je približno polovica praznih. V vasi je tudi gasilski dom.
Potem ko so se leta 1929 v Jeruzalemu razširile neutemeljene govorice, da Judje napadajo in pobijajo Arabce, so arabski skrajneži v Hebronu napadli Jude. Pokol nad Judi je zahteval 67 smrtnih žrtev in 60 ranjenih. Sinagoge so bile izropane. 435 Judov je pokol preživelo, ker so jih pred skrajneži poskrili zmerni arabski prebivalci.
Les: odkup, prevzem, izmera, oddaja, vnovčenje, pogodba, arbitraža: Priročnik za gozdno gospodarske odseke kmetijskih zadrug in zadružne strokovne tečaje (1949) (COBISS) (1949)
V naselju živi 310 polnoletnih prebivalcev, pri čemer je njihova povprečna starost 51,4 let (48,6 pri moških in 53,8 pri ženskah). Naselje ima 134 gospodinjstev, pri čemer je povprečno število članov na gospodinjstvo 2,56.
V naselju živi 629 polnoletnih prebivalcev, pri čemer je njihova povprečna starost 43,1 let (41,7 pri moških in 44,3 pri ženskah). Naselje ima 233 gospodinjstev, pri čemer je povprečno število članov na gospodinjstvo 3,34.
Segonzac je naselje in občina v zahodnem francoskem departmaju Charente regije Poitou-Charentes. Leta 2006 je naselje imelo 2.173 prebivalcev.
Manu je v hinduizmu prvi človek zakonodajalec, Vivasvatov sin ter Jamov brat. Pred vesoljnim potopom ga je rešila riba Matsja, ki je njegovo ladjo, ko je vodovje pričelo naraščati odvlekla na neko goro.
Pihler je v prvi slovenski ligi debitiral leta 2012 pri Domžalah, krajši čas igral za Triglav Kranj in Zavrč, od leta 2016 pa je član Maribora.
Princ Viljem je služil 1898-1904 kot kadet, leta 1904 je diplomiral kot mornarški častnik in bil istega leta imenovan za poročnika. Leta 1913 je bil imenovan za kapetana in od leta 1914 je služil kot poveljnik ladje na torpedovki Castor kot vodja divizije v torpedski diviziji.
Korenine QPSW so v misijonarskem delu, ki poteka pod imenom Misijon prijateljev v tujini (1868-1927). Z upadanjem števila misijonov se je Združenje misijonov združilo s Svetom za mednarodno služnosti (1919-1927) in tako oblikovalo v Svet prijateljev služnosti(1927-1978). Ta se je kasneje preimenovala v Kvekerji miru in služnosti (1979-2000) in nato Kvekerske priče miru in socialnosti od leta 2001.
Področje njegovega znanstvenega delovanja je prazgodovinska arheologija kovinskih dob. Ukvarja se zlasti z naselbinsko problematiko (tipologija poselitvenih struktur, hierarhizacija naselij, bivalna kultura), dinamiko poselitvenih procesov ter ekonomskimi vprašanji bronaste in železne dobe.
Imenu Hilarij po pomenu ustreza tudi lat. ime Gaudentius, ki ga povezujejo z glagolom gaudeo v pomenu besede »veseliti se, radostiti se«. Ime Gaudentius se pri nas ni uveljavilo, glagol gaudeo pa poznajo maturanti in študenti po svoji pesmi Gaudeamus.
29. marec 1632; s sporazumom je bilo Franciji vrnjeno ozemlje severnoameriške Nove Francije (Québec), ki ga je imela pred tem v rokah Anglija.
Sabaton je švedska power metal skupina iz mesta Falun, ki jo je leta 1999 ustanovil Joakim Brodén. Glavna tema njihovih besedil so vojna in zgodovinske bitke.
V posebni teoriji relativnosti navadno označujemo kinetično energijo s črko T. Kinetična energija delca z maso m, ki se giblje s hitrostjo v, je definirana kot razlika polne in lastne energije:
Za češkoslovaško reprezentanco je odigral 42 uradnih tekem in dosegel šest golov, za slovaško reprezentanco je odigral 38 uradnih tekem in dosegel šest golov.
Organizacijo turneje so potrdili 6. maja 2009 preko revije Billboard. Kylie Minogue je ob oznanitvi dejala: »Že leta sem si želela organizirati turnejo po Ameriki in Kanadi in vem, da moji tamkajšnji oboževalci na to čakajo že zelo dolgo. Navdušena sem, ker je ta trenutek končno prišel.« Bill Silva, vodja organizacije Bill Silva Presents, je dejal: »Kylie ima tudi zunaj Severne Amerike zelo uspešno kariero, zato je trajalo nekaj časa, preden je našla čas za turnejo po ZDA in Kanadi. Njeni čudoviti oboževalci bodo za svojo potrpežljivost nagrajeni z izkušnjo njenega koncerta in celotnim spektaklom nastopa.« Kylie Minogue je turnejo med drugim promovirala z nastopom v oddaji Today Show, kjer je povedala, da si je že zelo dolgo želela oditi na turnejo po Severni Ameriki, a ji tega ni dopustil njen menedžer. V intervjuju z revijo BlackBook Magazine je Kylie Minogue spregovorila o svojih oboževalcih v Severni Ameriki: »Moji oboževalci v Ameriki niso številčni, a če štejemo duha, jih je ogromno. In bili so zelo potrpežljivi. Mislim, da jih je šokiralo, ko sem dejala, da bom organizirala turnejo tam, saj so se sprijaznili z dejstvom, da se to ne bo nikoli zgodilo. A vsa ta leta sem bila iskrena, ko sem dejala, da si zelo želim oditi na turnejo po Združenih državah Amerike,« in o tem, kaj se lahko od turneje pričakuje: »Odločila sem se, da bom sledila popolnoma drugačni, pametnejši smeri, kjer še nisem bila, saj večina mojih ameriških oboževalcev še ni obiskala nobenega mojega koncerta. Zato smo se glede na te finančne čase dobro odločili, da bomo skupaj združili 'najboljše' mojih prejšnjih turnej.« Jean-Paul Gaultier je oblikoval nekaj kostumov za turnejo.
S 1. septembrom 2015 je po osrednjem delu Slovenske ceste, kateri je bil zaprt zaradi prenove, ponovno stekel avtobusni promet. Istega dne je bila linija 56, skupaj z linijami 3, 3B, 3G, 19B, 19I, 27 in 51, poskusno preusmerjena z osrednjega dela Slovenske ceste. Avtobusi tako z Tržaške ceste zavijejo na Bleiweisovo, Gosposvetsko in na Slovensko in pot nadaljujejo po redni trasi proti Bežigradu. Kot razlog je bilo navedeno manjše število prestopanj potnikov na osrednjem delu Slovenske in število prepeljanih potnikov letno (ta znaša manj kot 2.000.000).
Toda na tej dirki se je zgodil pomemben preobrat, kajti Laffite je bil udeležen v trčenju v prvem krogu dirke, pri čemer je utrpel hude poškodbe nog, tako da je končal svojo kariero. Ta nesreča je pomenila tudi zadnjo dirko za dirkališče Brands Hatch v Formuli 1 in sprožila nova pravila za povečanje varnosti za sezono 1986, najbolj očitna sprememba je bila postavitev nog dirkača za sprednjo osjo dirkalnika.
Razplet zgodbe je pričakovan saj sošolci s pomočjo Matica Blažko sprejmejo medse in ji pomagajo zbirati star papir, da bo lahko odšla z njimi na končni izlet.
Po koncu športne kariere se je posvetila študiju teologije (2006 - 2011). Diplomirala je na področju pastoralne teologije. Diplomsko delo ima naslov: Kateheza - priložnost za celostno učenje, pod mentorstvom Stanka Gerjolja. Podiplomski študij pa nadaljuje kot mlada raziskovalka na Teološki fakulteti. Področje raziskovanja: Vpliv krščanstva na upor proti komunizmu.
Topološka razsežnost se pri določenih nepravilnih množicah, kot so fraktali obnaša zelo nepričakovano. Cantorjeva množica ima na primer topološko razsežnost enako 0, v določenem smislu pa je višjerazsežni prostor. Hausdorff-Bezikovičeva razsežnost podaja drugi način določitve razsežnosti, ki upošteva tudi metrične lastnosti.
Drugo pomembno Ravnikarjevo delo, zlasti s področja urbanizma, je Nova Gorica. Mesto je bilo zgrajeno po II. svetovni vojni kot samostojno mesto na robu starega mesta Gorica, ki je po določitvi nove državne meje ostalo v Italiji. Urbanistični načrt mesta je zasnovan kot mreža, ki so jo pričeli graditi leta 1947. Ravnikarjev urbanistični načrt nikoli ni bil izveden v celotnem obsegu.
Med fermentacijskim procesom se pH napitka znižuje, kar je posledica naraščanja vsebnosti organskih kislin. Kombuča čaj običajno vsebuje manj kot 0,5% alkohola in to jo uvršča med nealkoholne pijače.
Oznaka čina, ki je sestavljena iz dveh debelejših zlatih črt, dveh vmesnih ožjih zlatih črt in ene zlate zvezde, je v dveh oblikah: narokavna oznaka (na spodnjem delu rokava) in naramenska (epoletna) oznaka.
Sodeloval je na lokostrelskem delu poletnih olimpijskih igrah leta 2004, kjer je osvojil 44. mesto v individualni in 5. mesto v ekipni konkurenci.
Svetovno prvenstvo športnih dirkalnikov sezona 1961 je bila deveta sezona Svetovnega prvenstva športnih dirkalnikov, ki je potekalo med 25. marcem in 15. avgustom 1961. Naslov konstruktorskega prvaka je osvojil Ferrari.
Slovencem je najbolj znana Evangeličanska Cerkev Augsburške veroizpovedi, ki izhaja neposredno iz Luthrovega gibanja in jo zato imenujemo tudi Luteranska Cerkev. V slovenščini izraz Evangeličanska Cerkev običajno enačimo s tem pomenom.
Barbiturati so derivati barbiturne kisline in ne soli ali estri, kot nakazuje ime. Različni substituenti so vezani na α-ogljik malonske kisline (reakcija, s katero uvedejo substituent na to mesto, se imenuje Knoevenagelova kondenzacija). Barbiturati so več desetletij veljali za glavno skupino uspaval. Prvi derivat barbiturne kisline z uspavalnim delovanjem so sintetizirali že leta 1903. V zadnjem so jih zaradi številnih neželenih učinkov izpodrinile varnejše učinkovine, na primer benzodiazepini. Danes se še uporabljajo pri izdelavi pufrnih raztopin v biokemiji.
Nastopila je na poletnih olimpijskih igrah v letih 1996, 2000 in 2004 v metu diska, leta 2004 je osvojila sedmo mesto, leta 2000 pa deveto. Na svetovnih prvenstvih je osvojila bronasto medaljo leta 2003, na evropskih prvenstvih pa naslov prvakinje leta 2002.
V liriki je ludizem oznaka za težnje v sodobni avantgardistični literaturi, ki jim je umetnostno ustvarjanje poseben primer "igre". Poetičnost temelji na svobodni, spontani igri z jezikom. V ludizmu je igrivost socialno-moralni ideal kot model prave življenjske in duhovne svobode. Začetnik in utemeljitelj ludizma na Slovenskem je Tomaž Šalamun.
Ianto Jones, ki ga igra valižanski igralec Gareth David-Lloyd, ima v Torchwoodu 3 vlogo splošne podpore. Iantove delovne naloge so sprva obsegale čiščenje za raznoraznimi aktivnostmi Torchwoodovega tima ter preskrbo s kavo in čajem, pozneje pa se je sodelavcem pridružil tudi pri akcijah zunaj sedeža podružnice. Ianto je v podružnico v Cardiffu prispel iz sedeža orgaizacije v Londonu (Torchwood 1). Najprej je to priložnost videl le kot način, da bo lahko svoje dekle Liso Hallet obdržal pri življenju. Lisa je namreč utrpela delno preobrazbo v kiborga, po zmešnjavi, ki ga povzroči v novem prebivališču v Cardiffu, pa jo v epizodi "Cyberwoman" ostali člani tima eliminirajo. Ianto nato zapade v spolno razmerje z vodjo tima, Jackom. Ostali razmerje sprejmejo z mešanimi občutki. Spletna stran za gej moške AfterElton.com je lik Ianta Jonesa uvrstila na 7. mesto najboljših homoseksualnih in biseksualnih likov v moderni znanstveni fantastiki (s področja televizije, filma ter stripov), medtem ko je Iantov ljubimec, stotnik Jack Harkness, pristal na 1. mestu.
Herder je imel dvome, ali je Nemčija plačala preveliko ceno za krščanstvo. Herderjevo domoljubje je občasno mejilo na narodni panteizem, zahteval je ozemeljsko enotnost. V njegovem delu Ideje k filozofiji zgodovine človeštva je napisal: "primerjaj Anglijo z Nemčijo: Angleži so Nemci, in celo v zadnjih časih so Nemci vodili pot za Angleže pri najpomembnejših stvareh.
Meryascoveena (angleško: Hogsmeade) je izmišljena lokacija v knjigah in filmih o Harryju Poterju, ki jo je ustvarila pisateljica J. K. Rowling. Je edina vas v Veliki Britaniji, v kateri živijo le čarovniki. Učenci Bradavičarke od tretjega letnika naprej lahko vas vsakih nekaj mesecev obiščejo, za to pa potrebujejo dovoljenje staršev. Harry v 3. letniku ni mogel hoditi v Meryascoveeno, saj mu njegov stric, Vernon Dursley, ni hotel podpisati dovolilnice, zato je v Meryascoveeno hodil pod plaščem nevidnosti. Po 3. letniku pa mu je dovolilnico podpisal njegov boter Sirius Black in tako je lahko brez skrbi hodil tja.
V našem koledarju z izborom svetniških imen, udomačenih med Slovenci in njihovimi godovnimi dnevi po novem bogoslužnem koledarju je ime Hilarij zapisano 3 krat. Pregled godovnih dni v katerih poleg Hilarija godujejo še Radovan in osebe katerih imena nastopajo kot različice navedenih imen.
Drago Svoljšak in Janez Dular, Železnodobno naselje Most na Soči. Gradbeni izvidi in najdbe = The Iron Age Settlement at Most na Soči. Settlement Structures and Small Finds. Opera Instituti archaeologici Sloveniae 33, Ljubljana 2016 (COBISS)
Leta 1937 se je pridružil KPJ in bil posledično večkrat zaprt zaradi revolucionarnega delovanja. Med vojno je bil politični komisar več enot.
»Svojska je zbirka prekmurskih novel Ljudje iz Olšnice, s katerimi Frank Bukvič začenja nov motiv v slovenski književnosti: usodo prekmurskih Židov med drugo svetovno vojno. Pomembna je tudi po pristno epični obdelavi, kot je redka med nami. Z njo je pretrgal 25-letni molk po izdanju svoje prve knjige, romana Brezdomci (500 strani), tiskane 1. 1948 v Gradcu.« (Tine Debeljak)
Janez Dular, Halštatska keramika v Sloveniji = Die Grabkeramik der älteren Eisenzeit in Slowenien : prispevek k proučevanju halštatske grobne keramike in lončarstva na Dolenjskem. Dela 1. razreda SAZU 23, Ljubljana 1982 (COBISS)
Vključen je tudi v Prilogo II Direktive o habitatih EU (92/43/EEC); na osnovi prisotnosti drobnovratnika je v Sloveniji vzpostavljenih 15 varovanih območij (pSCI), ki vsebujejo večino znanih lokalitet.
Po razpadu Rašiške čete se je znašla v skupini ranjenih in bolnih, ki jo je vodil Maks Pečar. Ko so skupino 29. septembra v Selu pri Vodicah obkolili Nemci, je ta padel, njo pa so zajeli. Odpeljali so jo v Begunje in jo mučili, a jim ni izdala ničesar uporabnega. Ker so partizani sredi oktobra v Lancovem pri Radovljici požgali veliko žago, so Nemci sestavili skupino talcev, med katerimi je bila tudi Rezka Dragar, in jih 16. oktobra v tem kraju postrelili.
Tudi John Dugan iz newyorške revije Time Out je koncertu dodelil pozitivno oceno: »Zvezda tiste noči v paviljonu UIC je bila samo ena, in sicer svetlolasa lepotica z zlatim mikrofonom - in laserji. Sicer se je vse pri prvi ameriški turneji Kylie Minogue spremenilo v komaj petnajstih minutah - kostumi plesalcev, svetloba in bleščeča grafika na navpični zaslon, garderoba avstralske pop dive, glasbena scena - celoten teatralni scenarij. V dveh urah je nastopila kot stevardesa, podobna glavnim junakinjam filma Barbarella ('Come into my World'), v nastopih, ki so ga navdihnili filmi Stephena Sprousea iz osemdesetih ('Shocked'), nastopih z napihnjenimi fanti, v telovadnici/bazenu, kjer poje na ogromnem konju v zraku ('Red Blooded Woman'), z navijačicami in srednješolsko glasbeno skupino ('Wow'), kot vojaško dekle ('Like a Drug'), kot hollywoodska starleta z diamantnim nakitom ('White Diamond'), v bordelu v New Orleansu, oblečena v spodnje perilo ('Locomotion') ... vse skupaj pa so spremljali še občasni video posnetki na ekranu s citati, kot je 'Toto, nisva več v Kansasu,' ter pesmi, kot je 'Somewhere Over the Rainbow'. [...] Enainštiridesetletnica se je po bitki z rakom na prsih končno vrnila in v zadnjem letu je zavladala glasbenim scenam v enaindvajsetih državah - predvsem s svojim glasom, svojimi koncerti, svojimi šalami in s svojim občasnim plesom. [...] Koncert se je končal z nastopom s pesmijo 'Love At First Sight' in letečimi konfeti. Za večino občinstva je bil to resnično prvi vtis - in čeprav je Kylie tako majhna, je naredila velik vtis.«
Ob Savi v dolini je zelo malo prostora, zato je bilo tam kmetij malo, največ ob sotočjih potokov. Na levem bregu v naselju Na Savi so bile samo tri (Južnova, Savškova in Bregarjeva). Ob Belih slapovih je še videti razvaline navigacijskega poslopja, ki je bilo zgrajeno za časa cesarice Marije Terezije, saj so tod pristajali brodniki z ladjami, ki so vozile po Savi. Na meji z zagorsko občino je bila do nedavnega graščina Prusnik iz prve polovice 18. stol. Takrat so Savo regulirali in zgradili kanal skozi Bele slapove in brzice. Tukaj so zgradili hlev za vprežno živino, ki je vlekla ladje navzgor. Po izgradnji železnice je plovba po mestoma nevarni Savi ponehala.
Kraj leži ob Sredozemskem morju, na pol poti med Marseillom na zahodu in Saint-Tropezom na vzhodu. Na severu ga obdaja 584 m visok hrib Mont Faron.
Viljem in Marija sta imela le enega sina princa Lennarta, vojvodo Smålandskega in kasneje grofa Bernadotta af Wisborga, ki je bil rojen leta 1909. Družina je živela v vili Oakhillu v Djurgårdnu v Stockholmu.
Burno življenje in dolga zavratna bolezen sta Violettino zdravje do kraja oslabili. Doktor Grenvil ji prisodi le še nekaj dni življenja. Tudi spravljivo pismo Alfredovega očeta ne more Violette več ozdraviti. Alfred se je med tem dvobojeval z baronom in tako ni več nobene ovire za njuno srečo, vendar je vse prepozno. Alfred in njegov oče, ki se je skesal zaradi svojega dejanja, prihitita k njeni bolniški postelji, a žalostnega konca ne moreta več preprečiti. Obdana od vseh, ki so ji bili nekoč dragi, Violetta izdihne za jetiko.
Produkcijska korporacija BBC je sprva odobrila snemanje trinajstih epizod serije, ki je služila kot t. i. spin-off v Veliki Britaniji izredno priljubljene nadaljevanke Doctor Who. S slednjo je tudi tesno povezana, tako od likov, idej, pa vse do enakega zgodovinskega ozadja, obenem pa je ime Torchwood anagram besed Doctor Who.
bastijon svetega Janeza je velik topokotni bastijon z rekonstruiranim vogalnim stolpičem na svojem izpostavljenem vogalu. Zdaj del Hastingsonovih vrtov;
Konstancij II. je po nizu sumljivih dogodkov na vzhodu leta 354 uspel odpoklicati Gala. Njegovo sumničavost je še poglobil Galov svečan prihod v Konstantinopel in organizacija konjskih dirk. Na poti v Italijo so Galu postopoma odtegnili vojaško spremstvo, potem pa so ga v Petovioni aretirali in nato v Poli ubili. Po Libaniju in Ivanu Zonari je bil glavni krivec za Galovo smrt Konstancijev komornik in svetovalec evnuh Evzebij.
Južna Dalmacija obsega ozek obalni pas južno od Neretve, polotok Pelješac ter večjo skupino otokov, med katerimi so najvažnejši Korčula, Lastovo, Mljet ter Elafiti. Zaklučuje pa se na pri zalivu Boka Kotorska na polotoku Prevlaka in z rtom Oštra doseže svojo najjužnejšo točko.
To naselje je popolnoma srbsko (glede na rezultate popisa iz leta 2002), a v času zadnjih treh popisov je opazno zmanjšanje števila prebivalcev.
mora biti f zvezna, lahko pa je nezvezna. Z integracijo po delih v ločenih območjih in z Euler-Lagrangeevimi enačbami, ima prva variacija obliko:
bastijon svetega Andreja je asimetrični peterokotni bastijon. Je dvostopenjski, v spodnjem delu so bila prvotno vrata Marsamxett, ki so bila porušena v začetku 20. stoletja. Majhen obrambni zid zunaj glavne stene utrdbe je pod bastijonom. Ponsonbyjev steber, postavljen na bastijonu leta 1838, je bil zaradi udara strele uničen leta 1864;
Žival je prvi našel leta 1831 pomožni svetilničar Luka Čeč, ko je raziskoval novoodkriti del Postojnske jame. Čeprav ni bil naravoslovec ali kako drugače formalno izobražen, se je zavedal, da gre za redkost, in odnesel primerek grofu Hochenwartu, takratnemu kustosu Kranjskega deželnega muzeja. Ta živali ni prepoznal in dal primerek Ferdinandu Schmidtu, naravoslovcu iz Ljubljane, ki je spoznal, da gre za novo vrsto, in hrošča leta 1832 opisal v časopisu Illyrisches Blatt. Poimenoval ga je Leptodirus Hochenwartii po Hochenwartu in mu dal tudi slovensko ime »drobnovratnik« ter nemško »Enghalskäfer« Članek predstavlja prvi formalni opis jamske živali (človeške ribice, opisane leta 1768, takrat niso pojmovali kot jamsko žival). Schmidt je kasneje v slovenskem podzemlju odkril še več prej neznanih prebivalcev jam, ki so vzbudili veliko zanimanje pri takratnih naravoslovcih. Zaradi tega pojmujemo odkritje drobnovratnika (skupaj s človeško ribico) za začetek speleobiologije kot znanstvene discipline.
Kvekerske priče miru in socialnosti (Quaker Peace and Social Witness ), včasih bili imenovani tudi Svet prijateljev služnosti pa tudi Kvekerji miru in služnosti, so eden od osrednjih odborov Verske družbe prijateljev, nacionalne organizacije kvekerjev v Veliki Britaniji. Odbor promovira kvekersko izpoved o enakosti, pravičnosti, miru in preproščini in resnici. Delujejo ob majhnih lokalnih in velikih mednarodnih interesnih skupinah.
bastijon Vendôme je trdnjava, zgrajena leta 1614, ki povezuje francosko kurtino in utrdbo svetega Elma ter ima stolpič. Ko je bila obdana z obzidjem Carafa, je bila spremenjena v skladišče in nato v orožarno. Bastijon je zdaj del Narodnega vojnega muzeja;
Na seznam pesmi, izvedenih na turneji, so vključili tudi pesem »On a Night Like This«, in sicer emd pesmima »The Loco-Motion« in »Kids«, vendar je nikoli niso zares izvedli.
Asteroid Badenia obkroži Sonce v 5,52 letih. Njegova tirnica ima izsrednost 0,168, nagnjena pa je za 3,794° proti ekliptiki. Premer asteroida je okoli 78 km.
Velika nagrada Esterel Plaga 1930 je bila prva neprvenstvena dirka v sezoni Velikih nagrad 1930. Odvijala se je 3. marca 1930 v francoskem mestu Saint-Raphaël.
Bresse (provansalsko Brêsse) je nekdanja provinca v vzhodni francoski regiji Rona-Alpe, med Burgundijo in Juro. Geografski pojem ima dva pomena: Bresse bourguignone (ali louhannaise), ki leži na vzhodu departmaja Saône-et-Loire, in Bresse, slednji leži v departmaju Ain. Bresse se razprostira od Dombesa na jugu do reke Doubs na severu in od reke Saone na zahodu do Jurskega pogorja na vzhodu.
Madame de Pompadour je bila "uradna" ljubica Ludvika XV.. Ukvarjala se je s politiko in bila ena najboj vplivnih ljudi na tem področju. Podpirala je vstop Francije v sedemletno vojno na strani Avstrije.
Ludovico Maria Sforza (znan tudi kot Ludovico il Moro, 27. julij 1452 - 27. maj 1508), je bil Milanski vojvoda od 1494 do 1499, po smrti svojega nečaka Gian Galeazzo Sforza. Član družine Sforza je bil drugi sin Francesca I.. Bil je znan kot pokrovitelj Leonardo da Vincija in drugih umetnikov in predsedoval zadnji in najbolj produktivni fazi milanske renesanse. On je verjetno najbolj znan kot človek, ki je naročil Zadnjo večerjo.
Zorec se je rodil slovenskim staršem, mizarju Francu in Mariji Antoniji Zorec (rojeni Kogovšek) v Buenos Airesu. V rojstnem mestu je obiskoval gimnazijo (maturiral 1967) ter vzporedno slovenski osnovni (8 let) in srednješolski tečaj (5 let). Študiral je astronomijo (1967–1971), matematiko (1969–1972) in fiziko (1970–1974) na univerzi v La Plati. Na univerzi v Parizu je 1977 magistriral iz fizike in 1986 doktoriral z disertacijo Structure et rotation différentielle dans les étoiles B avec et sans émission. Leta 1971 se je kot asistent zaposlil na fakulteti za astronomijo v La Plati, od 1972-1975 je bil prav tam docent. Deloval je tudi na inštitutu za astronomijo in fiziko v Buenos Airesu. Leta 1982 se je zaposlil na državnem inštitutu za astronomijo v Parizu. V znanstvenoraziskovalnem delu se je posvetil proučevanju aktivnosti zvezd tipa B (to so nepravilne spremenljivke, ki se hitro vrtijo, izgubljajo snov in so obdane z ovojnico. Iz opazovanj določa s spektralno analizo in spektrofotometrijo njihove značilnosti in spremembe. S postavitvijo teoretičnih modelov skuša razložiti, kako pride do opazovanih aktivnosti in kako nastajajo ovojnice teh zvezd).
Leta 1972 je diplomiral iz prazgodovinske arheologije na Filozofski fakulteti Univerze v Ljubljani in leta 1982 na isti ustanovi doktoriral. V študijskem letu 1984/85 se je kot štipendist Humboldtove fondacije izpopolnjeval v Münchnu. (Institut für Vor- und Frühgeschichte, provinzialrömische und vorderasiatische Archäologie der Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität).
Vendar je Macintosh še vedno imel svoje meje. Ena disketna enota ni bila dovolj, saj je zahtevala pogosto menjavanje 400 KB disket, tako da so postale zunanje disketne enote precej priljubljen dodatek. Isti program ImageWriter, ki je deloval na Applu II, je lahko brez težav tiskal tudi Macintoshove grafike, tako da je tudi to postal priljubljen del sistema Macintosh.
Janez Dular in Marjana Tomanič Jevremov, Ormož. Utrjeno naselje iz pozne bronaste in starejše železne dobe = Ormož. Befestigte Siedlung aus der späten Bronze- und der älteren Eisenzeit. Opera Instituti archaeologici Sloveniae 18, Ljubljana 2010 (COBISS)
Lazarevac (izvirno srbsko Лазаревац) je naselje v Srbiji, ki upravno spada pod Občino Kruševac; slednja pa je del Rasinskega upravnega okraja.
Žagar je 26. najpogostejši priimek v Sloveniji, ki ga je po podatkih Statističnega urada Republike Slovenije na dan 31. decembra 2007 uporabljalo 2.820 oseb, na dan 1. januarja 2011 pa 2.827 oseb ter je med vsemi priimki po pogostosti uporabe zavzel 25. mesto.
The Sims 2 dodatki v igro dodajo dodatne funkcije in predmete. V glavnem vsak dodatek vsebuje eno glavno lastnost ter nekaj stranskih. Večina dodatkov doda tudi novo sosesko, novo mitično zver (npr. zombiji v Univeristy in vampirji v Nightlife) in več kot 100 predmetov. Do zdaj je bilo izdanih 7 dodatkov, še en na temo hobijev pa bo izšel spomladi 2008.
Najvišja točka otoka je 161 metrov visoka gora Suribači, ki se nahaja na južnem delu otoka. V nasprotju z ostalimi vulkanskimi otoki je ta relativno raven, tako da vzpetina predstavlja edino značilnost vulkanskega otoka.
Noč je moja, dan je tvoj je slovenska ljudska pripovedka, s področja Istre. V glavnih vlogah se pojavijo Jakob, kot mladenič, ki se hodi ženit in navihani fantje, ki so nanj ljubosumni.
Karlo Karin: Kalendar Dobri pastir za godinu 1963: Opći crkveni sabori. Udruženje katoličkih svećenika Narodne Republike Bosne i Hercegovine. Sarajevo 1962.
Prva gradnja železnice, ki je bila za tiste čase še posebno zahteven projekt, je pripeljala v Trbovlje in druga mesta ob železnici veliko delavcev od drugod, predvsem iz Italije. Nekmečko prebivalstvo pa je bilo tukaj že prej, saj so premog začeli kopati Maurerjevi že leta 1804 v Lakoncah. Leta 1847 je erar ustanovil rudnik na Vodah, leta 1867 ga je prevzela Vodenska premogokopna družba in ga leta 1873 prodala Trboveljski premogokopni družbi. Istega leta so odkupili tudi Maurerjev rudnik in tako so bili vsi rudniki v Trbovljah združeni.
S spreminjanjem strukture molekule se spreminja čas, po katerem spanec nastopi in trajanje učinka, sicer pa se sam uspavalni učinek ne spreminja.
Ozko dolinsko dno ob reki nad Mirno ter v soteski pod Pijavicami je bolj ali manj v celoti izpostavljeno poplavam, ki pa so kratkotrajne in ne posebno globoke, so pa razmeroma pogoste, kar se kaže tudi v pokrajinski podobi, saj je ozko dolinsko dno ostalo večinoma neposeljeno, drugje pa so hiše odmaknjene na nekoliko višje dolinsko obrobje. Nekoliko širše je poplavno območje pod Moravčami, največje poplavno območje pa je v razširjenem delu Mirnske doline dolvodno od Mirne. Kljub obsežnejšim melioracijam je najnižji del dolinskega dna ostal mokroten in izpostavljen občasnim poplavam, najobsežnejše poplavno območje pa je pod Slovensko vasjo in pod Martinjo vasjo, kjer je široko tudi kilometer in več, nadaljuje pa se tudi ob spodnjem toku pritokov po stranskih dolinah navzgor. Mirno in deloma njene pritoke so v tem delu regulirali že pred drugo svetovno vojno, tako da zdaj teče po ravni umetni strugi, izkopali so tudi številne osuševalne jarke, vendar so najnižji deli ostali mokrotni in se večinoma uporabljajo kot travniki. Pogostnost poplav se je sicer zmanjšala, vendar se poplave še vedno pojavljajo vsakih nekaj let (nazadnje septembra 2010 in v manjši meri oktobra 2014).
Po Konstantinovi smrti leta 337 je rimska vojska pobila vse moške potomce vzporednih vej Konstantinove dinastije, tudi Julija Konstancija, sinovoma Galu in Julijanu pa so prizanesli. Gal je bil zelo bolan in niso pričakovali, da bo preživel, Julijan pa je bil premlad. Za dečka je najprej skrbel vplivni nadškof Evzebij Nikomedijski, po njegovi smrti pa so ju poslali na cesarjevo posestvo Macel v Kapadokiji, kjer sta živela v nekakšnem hišnem zaporu.
V grščini se črka Φ izgovarja kot slovenski f. V antični grščini je črka Φ pomenila glas /pʰ/ (tj. p s pridihom.) - to je tudi razlog, zakaj so ga Rimljani pri prepisovanju v latinico nadomeščali s PH in ne s F.
Na začetki arabsko-izraelske vojne so mesto zavzeli najprej Egipčani in nato Jordanci, ki so ga leta 1950 tudi uradno pripojili Jordaniji. Po šestdnevni vojni leta 1967 je mesto zasedel Izrael.
Velika loža Kitajske (tradicionalna kitajščina: 中國美生總會; Wade–Giles: Chung¹kuo²mei³shêng¹tsung³hui⁴) je prostozidarska velika loža v Kitajskem, ki je bila ustanovljena leta 1949.
Ima izkušnje na razvoju inovacijskih infrastruktur za množično inoviranje in internacionalizaciji razvojnih projektov. V številnih okoljih je pripomogla k sistematičnemu uvajanju projektnega dela, ciljnega vodenja in inovativne kulture. Za svoje inovacije je prejela nagrado Gospodarske zbornice Slovenije kot inovatorka leta.
Baloh je leta 1952 absolviral na AGRFT v Ljubljani in že naslednje leto začel sodelovati s Stalnim slovenskim gledališčem v Trstu. Od leta 1961 pa je deloval kot svobodni umetnik.
Dubnica (izvirno srbsko Дубница) je naselje v Srbiji, ki upravno spada pod Občino Kosjerić; slednja pa je del Zlatiborskega upravnega okraja.
Cessna 120, Cessna 140 in Cessna 140A so dvosedežna enomotorna propelerska športna letala. Letala se uporabljajo večinoma za šolanje pilotov in športno letenje. Proizvodnja je trajala v letih 1946−1951 in je obsegala okrog 7664 letal. Leta 1959 so začeli s proizvodnjo nove različice Cessne 150, ki pa je imela za razliko tricikel pristajalno podvozje.
Predalpski svet je hribovita pokrajina bujnih gozdov in obsežnih travnih površin. Ker so tod dobri pogoji za pašo,je kmetijstvo usmerjeno v živinorejo. Naseljena so predvsem prisojna pobočja in manjše planote ter razširjeni deli dolin. Za ta svet so značilni zaselki, gručaste vasi in ponekod samotne kmetije. Zaradi majhnih kmetij in težjih življenjskih razmer je veliko mladih odšlo v doline, v kraje kjer so našli zaposlitev. V večjih naseljih pa se je razvila industrija, kot na primer v Slovenj Gradcu, na Ravnah, v Železnikih, Cerknem itd. Prevladujejo magmatske in metamorfne kamnine.
Didima je bilo največje in najpomembnejše svetišče na ozemlju velikega klasičnega mesta Mileta. Približno 17 km dolga sveta pot je vodila do Didime. Vzdolž poti so bile obredne postaje in kipi članov družine Branhidi, moški in ženske, pa tudi kipi živali. Nekateri datirajo v 6. stoletje pred našim štetjem in so zdaj v Britanskem muzeju, kamor jih je odnesel britanski arheolog Charles Newton v 19. stoletju.
Med britansko vladavino so utrdbe precej spremenili. Najpomembnejša sprememba je bila gradnja utrdbe Lascaris med letoma 1854 in 1856. Druge spremembe so bile dodajanje baterij in betonskih topovskih gnezd, parapetov in njihovih topovskih strelnic ter gradnja skladišča smodnika. Vsi trije izvirni prehodi do Vallette so bili porušeni, dva so nadomestili z večjimi vrati.
Murijevi dnevi imajo ustaljeni urnik: zjutraj hodi na lonček mleka k točajki Muci Lizi, med zajtrkom prebere časopis do zadnje pike, nato se poda po mestu in opazuje dogajanje. Zanimive pripetljaje zvečer zapiše v Mačjo knjigo in jih tako ohrani kot nepozabljene spomine.
Kombučin napitek dobimo in shranjujemo v čajni tekočini, da se ohrani njena vlažnost. Nekaj te tekočine nalijemo na dno čistih steklenih kozarcev in dodamo, na sobno temperaturo ohlajen, sladkan čaj. Vrsto čajev lahko kombiniramo in tako izboljšujemo okus. Najpogosteje se uporabljata črni in zeleni čaj, lahko tudi sadni čaji brez kofeina. Zeliščni čaji z močnimi eteričnimi olji so odsvetovani, ker lahko poškodujejo kulturo kombuče. Čaj sladkamo z veliko različnimi viri (beli ali rjavi sladkor, raztopina glukoze,fruktoza), ne uporabljamo pa surovega medu, laktoze, ksilitola ali drugih umetnih sladil. Kulturo kombuče položimo na vrh napitka, tako da plava na površini. Površina kombuče ni nujno stalno vlažna in se s časom lahko tudi potopi na dno posode. Potrebno izogniti stiku kombuče s kovinami, nakitom… Posodo prekrijemo s krpo. Odložimo jo na temno mesto s sobno temperaturo (22-25˚C) za približno teden dni. Površina je tako najbolj ugodna za aerobne mikroorganizme, na dnu posode pa se nahajajo anaerobni mikroorganizmi. Proces se nato serijsko ponavlja.
Raztezajo se v ozki in več kot 7 km dolgi dolini s pretežno strnjeno zazidavo. Prvotnemu mestu je več kot dvesto let let delovanja rudnika močno spremenilo podobo. Izginili so nekdanji pritoki Trboveljščice (Limbarski, Dobrniški in Lakonški potok), pa tudi vasi s temi imeni so žrtvovali rudniku. Danes so Trbovlje delavsko mesto, ki se je razvilo v letih socialistične izgradnje. Rudnik, cementarna in termoelektrarna s svojim dimnikom mu dajejo pečat.
Po popisu lokalnega prebivalstva iz leta 1997 je v mestu živelo nekaj več kot 130.000 arabskih muslimanov, 530 Judov in le trije Katoličani.
Bjørnstad je največji uspeh kariere dosegel z osvojitvijo naslova svetovnega prvaka na Svetovnem prvenstvu 1950 v Lake Placidu na veliki skakalnici.
Že pred letom 1934 (viri o tem se razlikujejo) je postala članica KPJ in se tega leta vključila v partijsko celico za Črnuče in Ježico. Leta 1938 se je poročila s Tonetom Dragarjem. Ker v tem času že ni mogla več dobiti službe, je kot tekstilka s strojem delala doma ter se še naprej udejstvovala v KPS in Vzajemnosti ter leta 1940 sodelovala v protidraginjskih protestih na Ježici.
Neretva se je še v 19. stoletju izlivala v morje v široki poplavni delti. Z regulacijo, ki se je končala po 2. svetovni vojni je tu nastalo najbolj rodovitno kmetijsko območje med Srednjo in Južno Dalmacijo.
Detroit techno je zgodnja oblika elektronske glasbe, ki je vznikla v zgodnjih 80. letih 20. stoletja. Detroit je rojstni kraj techno glasbe. Med izrazito pomembne ustvarjalce detroit techna se uvrščajo Juan Atkins, Derrick May in Kevin Saundeson. Značilen karakter te glasbe je uporaba analognih sintesajzerjev in zgodnjih »drum machines« (elektronski glasbeni inštrument, ustvarjen za oponašanje zvokov bobnov in/ali ostalih tolkal - še posebej Roland TR-909). V kasnejših izvedbah se pojavlja kosanje ustvariti karakteristične zvoke teh naprav.
Na podlagi bibličnega izročila naj bi bili v Hebronu pokopani Abraham, žena Sara in otroci Izak, Rebeka, Jakob in Lea. Zato je Hebron drugo najpomembnejše mesto v Judovstvu, eno najpomembnejših mest v Islamu in v Krščanstvu.
Sondra Radvanovski nastopa na najpomebnejših svetovnih opernih odrih v glavnih sopranskih vlogah (Elvira v Ernaniju, Leonora v Trubadurju, Elizabeta v Don Carlosu, Norma v istoimenski Bellinijevi operi ...)
V 6. stoletju je bil Dindimajonu, ki je bil posvečen Apolonu, dograjen manjši tempelj, njegov predhodnik, kot so odkrili arheologi. Njegova zakladnica je bila obogatena z darili Krojza.
V naselju živi 21 polnoletnih prebivalcev, pri čemer je njihova povprečna starost 62,0 let (59,4 pri moških in 66,1 pri ženskah). Naselje ima 11 gospodinjstev, pri čemer je povprečno število članov na gospodinjstvo 1,91.
Prvi uradni studijski posnetek originalne zasedbe Nile je bil demo, ki je ime dobil po skupine ter pri katerem so sodelovali Karl Sanders, Pete Hammoura ter Chief Spires. Demo je bil izdan l.1994 brez založbe, torej je bil prepuščen kroženju med ljudmi. Naslednja izdaja je bil uradni EP, Festivals of Atonement, ki pa je bil izdan leta 1996, s pomočjo založbe Anubis Records. Temu je sledil še demo Ramses Bringer of War l.1996, leto kasneje pa še istoimenski uradni EP, oba izdana s pomočjo založbe Anubis Records.
Hans-Dietrich Kahl, Der Staat der Karantanen : Fakten, Thesen und Fragen zu einer frühen slawischen Machtbildung im Ostalpenraum. Ljubljana, 2002;
Snellman, Leif; Etzrodt, Hans. "I Circuit d'Esterel Plage". The Golden Era of Grand Prix Racing (angleščina). Pridobljeno dne 18. aprila 2015.
bastijon Brezmadežnega spočetja, znan tudi kot Ballov bastijon, je majhen peterokotni bastijon z več topovskimi gnezdi, skladiščem in prostori za nastanitev topničarjev. Sir Alexander Ball je pokopan v najpomembnejšem delu bastijona;
Antonov A-40 Krilja Tanka tudi 'A-40T ali KT (rusko крылья танка) je bil sovjetski projekt, ki bi omogočil dostavo lahkih tankov s pomočjo kril na bojišče. Leta 1942 so zgradili in testirali prototip, vendar ni bil uspešen.
Nastalo je 20. junija 1941 z razširitivijo in povečanjem organizacijske neodvisnosti Zračnega korpusa Kopenske vojske ZDA, ki je do takrat zajemal vse vojnoletalske enote znotraj Kopenske vojske ZDA; sam korpus je imel zelo malo avtonomije.
V naselju živi 526 polnoletnih prebivalcev, pri čemer je njihova povprečna starost 41,9 let (41,1 pri moških in 42,6 pri ženskah). Naselje ima 154 gospodinjstev, pri čemer je povprečno število članov na gospodinjstvo 4,36.
Leta 1806 je sodeloval v bojih s Francozi na Poljskem. 15. februarja 1808 je postal polkovnik in 24. februarja 1813 je postal poveljnik 2. ukrajinskega kozaškega polka; s polkom se je udeležil bojev s Poljaki in Avstrijci. 15. septembra istega leta je postal generalmajor.
V izjavi 8. junija 2004 je škof Belo povedal, da se bo po daljšem premišljevanju in sestankovanju odločil, da se bo posvetil mladostni želji misijona tokrat diakonije Maputo, sicer glavnega mesta Mozambika. Misijon je začel v juliju 2004; istega leta je prejel častni doktorat katoliške univerze CEU Cardinal Herrera Univerze.
Gian Galeazzo, njegov nečak, je umrl v sumljivih razmerah leta 1494 in milanski prestol je pripadel Ludovicu, ki je pohitel in 22. oktobra prevzel vojvodski naslov in vojvodsko krono od milanskih plemičev. Ampak njegove sreče je zmanjkalo. 3. januarja 1497 je, kot posledica težkega poroda, Beatrice, njegova žena, umrla. Ludovico je bil neutolažljiv in celoten dvor je bil zavit v mrak. Ludovico, ki je upal, da bo, z vključevanjem Francozov in svetega rimskega cesarja Maksimilijana I., v italijansko politiko, lahko manipuliral oba in užival koristi sam, je torej odgovoren za začetek italijanske vojne. Sprva je Ludovico premagal Francoze v bitki pri Fornovi leta 1495 (izdelava orožja iz 80 ton brona, prvotno namenjenega za velik konjeniški kip, ki ga je vojvoda naročil da Vinciju v čast Francesca I. Sforza). S smrtjo Karla je francoski prestol podedoval njegov bratranec, Ludvik Orléansski, ki je postal Ludvik XII. Francoski. Novi kralj je imel dedni zahtevek na Milano, saj je bil njegova babica Valentina Visconti, hči Giangaleazzo Viscontija, prvega vojvode v Milanu. Zato je leta 1498 prišel po Milano. Ker nobena od drugih italijanskih držav ni pomagala vladarju, ki je pred štirimi leti povabil Francoze v Italijo, je Ludvik uspešno pregnal Ludovica iz Milana. Uspelo mu je pobegniti pred francosko vojsko, in leta 1499 iskal pomoč pri Maksimilijanu.
Prvi v licejski knjižnici zaposleni bibliotekar je bil Franz Xaver Wilde. V letih 1789 – 1809 je strokovno uredil knjižnico ter napisal prve kataloge. Leta 1789 je izdelal popis šestih zbirk knjižnic, ki jih je licejka prevzela v preteklem obdobju. Popis, ki obsega 7.538 del v 2.486 zvezkih, je bil izdelan v dveh izvodih, original danes hrani NUK. Leta 1791 se je začela selitev fondov v nove licejske prostore. Leta 1800 so pod Wildejevim vodstvom začeli sestavljati nov, tako imenovani znanstveni katalog. Ostajajo brez ostalih katalogov, ki jih predpisuje instrukcija. Michael Lieb v svojem poročilu leta 1810 izpostavlja še nekatere pomanjkljivosti: da je fond zastarel, knjigam manjkajo kataložni vpisi, lokalne signature, knjige pa so zaradi pomanjkanja prostora shranjene na različnih lokacijah. Leta 1807 knjižnica z dekretom združene dvorne pisarne dobi pravico do obveznega izvoda knjig, ki so bile natisnjene na Kranjskem, kasneje se ta privilegij razširi na vse tiskano gradivo. Dekret iz dne 24. julija 1810 pa je v prvem členu določal, da se mora od vsake v Ilirskih provincah tiskane ali uvožene knjige poslati po en izvod glavni cenzuri. V četrtem členu bilo določeno, da morajo tiskarne od vsake tiskane knjige poslati po en izvod vsakemu liceju, glavni cenzuri pa potrdilo o tem. Tako je licejska knjižnica dobila pravico na dolžnostne izvode iz Ilirskih provinc. Leta 1824 je bila v licejsko knjižnico premeščena odkupljena knjižnica barona Žige Zoisa. Leto kasneje je dvorna študijska komisija izdala novo splošno bibliotečno instrukcijo za univerzitetne, licejske in študijske knjižnice.
V drugi svetovni vojni, po zavezniškem izkrcanju v severni Afriki, je nemška vojska okupirala južno Francijo (Operacija Anton). 24. novembra 1943 je bil bombardiran s strani zavezniških sil, osvobojen 28. avgusta 1944.
Obstaja veliko legend o teh jamah. Ena je, da zaprta pot na koncu jame vodi v starodavno mesto Bagan. Je tudi legenda o sedmih princesah, ki so se kopale v jezeru. Ujel jih je velikanski pajek in jih zaprl v jami. Rešil jih princ Kumabaja iz Jonghve. Skulpture pajka in kneza, ki ga je ubil s svojim lokom in puščico, so bile dodane v zadnjem času ob vhodu v pokrito stopnišče do jam.
Prebivalci na severni strani Golovca so si več let prizadevali za povezavo njihovih naselij s sistemom javnega prevoza. Najbližja linija je bila dolga leta le linija št. 13, ki poteka po Litijski cesti več kot kilometer stran od najbližjih hiš. Pomanjkanje avtobusnih povezav so reševali z medkrajevno linijo Ljubljana – Mali Lipoglav, ki je vozila skozi omenjena naselja. Ker je linija obratovala samo trikrat dnevno in ni zadostovala potrebam potnikov, so 31. marca 2008 uvedli novo linijo št. 24 Bizovik - Kodeljevo. Linija je do junija 2011 ob delavnikih obratovala vse leto. Takrat so jo v času uvedbe počitniškega voznega reda začasno ukinili, saj so bili potniki večinoma šolarji.
Joseph Fontenrose, 1988. Didyma. Apollo's Oracle, Cult and Companions, (Berkeley). Catalogue of Didyman inquiries and responses, translated.
Minimalno vpeto drevo je strategija, kjer je problem prikazan s povezanim neusmerjenim grafom z množico povezav E in množico točk (vozlišč) V. Točke v grafu predstavljajo mesta, ki jih želimo povezati, povezave pa so označene s cenami povezave med dvema mestoma. Naj bo graf neusmerjen in povezan. Podgraf G'=(V,E') se imenuje vpeto drevo, če je G' drevo. Ker za povezavo vseh mest zadošča, da v grafu obstaja ena pot med vsakim mestom, lahko problem definiramo kot iskanje minimalnega (najcenejšega) podgrafa, ki izpolnjuje ta pogoj. Tak podgraf je minimalno vpeto drevo.
Naj bo (X,d) metrični prostor. Kakor je v uvodu omenjeno, nas zanima štetje števila krogel z določenim polmerom, ki so potrebne, da pokrijemo določeno množico. To je možno narediti neposredno za veliko množic, kar nas vede to razsežnosti štetja škatel, vendar gre pri Hausdorff-Bezikovičevi razsežnosti za neposreden pristop k problemu s pomočjo teorije mere, ki sta jo razvila Henri Léon Lebesgue in Constantin Carathéodory. V ta namen je Hausdorff določil celo družino mer na množicah X, eno za vsako možno razsežnost s ∈ [0,∞). V primeru X= R3 ta konstrukcija dodeli s-razsežno mero Hs vsem podmnožicam R3, kakor tudi enotskemu odseku vzdolž osi x [0,1] × {0} × {0}, enotskemu kvadratu v ravnini x-y [0,1] × [0,1] × {0} in enotski kocki [0,1] × [0,1] × [0,1]. Zato za s=2 pričakujemo:
Britanci so v 19. stoletju večkrat predlagali rušenje utrdb. Prvič je to predlagal generalmajor Henry Pigot na začetku stoletja. Leta 1853 so predlagali uničenje kavalirja svetega Jakoba, da bi naredili prostor za vojaško bolnišnico. Leta 1855 je sir John Lysaght Pennefather predlagal gradnjo citadele visoko nad mestom na polotoku Sciberras. Leta 1872 so predlagali rušenje zunanjih objektov, medtem ko so rušenje celotnega prednjega dela predlagali leta 1882. Sčasoma so utrdbe pustili v glavnem nedotaknjene in le manjši del so porušili, kot je luneta svete Magdalene, ki je bila v bližini vhoda v mesto (zdaj je tam Tritonov vodnjak).
To naselje je popolnoma srbsko (glede na rezultate popisa iz leta 2002), a v času zadnjih treh popisov je opazno zmanjšanje števila prebivalcev.
Ćurčić, N. M. J. The Ethics of Reason in the Philosophical System of Dositej Obradovic A Study of His Contribution in This Field to the Age of Reason. London: Unwin Bros. Ltd, 1976.
The Killers so ameriška rock skupina iz Las Vegasa, ki je nastala leta 2002. Njeni člani so pevec Brandon Flowers, kitarist Dave Keuning, basist Mark Stoermer in Ronnie Vannuci ml. na bobnih.
Sneža Tecco Hvala, Janez Dular in Eva Kocuvan, Železnodobne gomile na Magdalenski gori = Eisenzeitliche Grabhügel auf der Magdalenska gora. Katalogi in monografije 36, Ljubljana 2004 (COBISS)
Ideje razsvetljenstva so dosegle Balkanski polotok bolj v obliki literature, kot v obliki abstraktne filozofije ali tehnoloških pridobitev. V drugi polovici osemnajstega stoletja je bilo dobršnje število srbskih piscev (še posebej v etničnih manjšinah Madžarske), ki so bili antiklerikalni, uperjeni proti primitivizem in neznanje in so zahtevali širitev izobraževanja in znanja med prebivalstvom tudi onkraj same cerkve. Dositej Obradović je ponudil v svojem pisanju poglavitne misli razsvetljenstva in jih tako učil in izpisoval. Kot izraziti popotnik je videl svoj narod tako pod Turško kot AvstroOgrsko oblastjo in želel ponuditi reforme obema imperijema. Prvi je ustanovil javno šolo v Albaniji. Pomemben je tudi kot začetnik visokošolske izobrazbe na področju Srbije, saj je ustanovil predhodnico sedanje Beograjske univerze.
Nastopila je na Olimpijskih igrah 2010, kjer je dosegla devetnajsto mesto v smuku. V treh nastopih na svetovnih prvenstvih je najboljšo uvrstitev dosegla leta 2013 s četrtim mestom v isti disciplini, leta 2015 pa je bila sedma. V svetovnem pokalu je tekmovala enajst sezon med letoma 2005 in 2015 ter dosegla pet uvrstitev na stopničke v smuku. V skupnem seštevku svetovnega pokala je bila najvišje na sedemnajstem mestu leta 2010, ko je bila tudi peta v smukaškem seštevku.
17. septembra 1947 je bilo USAAF razpuščen in naslednji dan je bila ustanovljena samostojna letalska veja oboroženih sil ZDA - Vojno letalstvo Združenih držav Amerike.
Južna Dalmacija je najmanj poseljen, najožji in po površini najmanjši del Dalmacije. Pokrajina pravega zaledja nima, saj se njeno naravno zaledje širi v sosednjo Bosno in Hercegovino, ki ima pri Neumu 9 km širok dostop do morja.
Koncept igre The Sims 2 je enak kot pri igri The Sims. Igralec nadzira njegove Simkče, ko se soočajo z njihovimi okolji in se vključujejo v razne dejavnosti in gradijo razmerja, podobna kot v resničnem življenju. The Sims 2, za razliko od predhodnice, nima nastavljenega cilja; igralništvo je brezmejno. Simčki imajo življenjske cilje, želje in strahove in izpolnitev katerihkoli od teh stvari, je lahko ali dobro ali slabo. Igra ima tudi veliko paleto goljufij. Vsi Simčki se v drugem delu starajo in v glavnem živijo 65 Sim dni, če igralec dobro ravna z njimi.
JS27 je bil že od začetka sezone konkurenčen, kar sta dirkača izkoristila s številnimi uvrstitvami med dobitnike točk, Laffite je dosegel tudi dve uvrstitvi na stopničke. Še posebej konkurenčna sta bila dirkača na dirki za Veliko nagrado vzhodnih ZDA, kjer je Laffite celo vodil, toda končal kot tretji, Arnoux pa je do odstopa zaradi trčenja držal drugo mesto. Do dirke za Veliko nagrado Velike Britanije je bil Ligier četrti v konstruktorskem prvenstvu, pred njim so bili le Williams, McLaren in Lotus, tako da so bili tudi pred Ferrarijem.
203 Pompeja (mednarodno ime je tudi 203 Pompeja) je velik asteroid v glavnem asteroidnem pasu. Kaže značilnosti treh tipov asteroidov (tipa D, tipa C in tipa X).
Slovani ob naselitvi niso naleteli na povsem prazen prostor, saj so na njem prebivali krščanski romanski staroselci, ki so živeli na področju Norika in v antičnih mestih na območju današnje Slovenije. Staroselci so pred selitvami pozne antike bežali v odmaknjene predele, najpogosteje na nedostopne hribe in ustanavljali višinska utrjena naselja (npr. Rifnik pri Celju). Novejše arheološke raziskave kažejo, da so kontinuirano naselitev ohranila tudi nekatera dobro zaščitena mesta v nižini. Del romaniziranega prebivalstva je pred Slovani pobegnil v Italijo in v mesta ob Jadranski obali. Slovani so si staroselce podredili, veliko so jih zasužnjili (slovansko ime za sužnja je bilo dolgo krščenik, saj so bili staroselci kristjani), nekateri pa so se s Slovani zlili in obogatili njihovo kulturo. Slovani so romanizirane staroselce imenovali Vlahi ali Lahi. Nanje spominjajo krajevna imena s korenom Vlah, kot so npr. Laško, Laški Rovt itd. Od romaniziranih staroselcev so Slovani prevzeli nekatera zemljepisna imena, zlasti imena rek (Sava, Drava, Soča) in pokrajin (Kranjska) ter bolj napreden način obdelave zemlje in kovin.
Janez Dular, Irena Šavel in Sneža Tecco Hvala, Bronastodobno naselje Oloris pri Dolnjem Lakošu = Bronzezeitliche Siedlung Oloris bei Dolnji Lakoš. Opera Instituti archaeologici Sloveniae 5, Ljubljana 2002 (COBISS)
prednji branik svetega Jakoba je peterokotni branik, ki so ga zgradili v bližini bastijona svetega Jakoba leta 1640. Njegov izpostavljeni vogal ima stolpič in skladišče smodnika. Njegova osrednja ploščad je del Centralne banke Malte;
V naselju živi 178 polnoletnih prebivalcev, pri čemer je njihova povprečna starost 51,4 let (48,6 pri moških in 53,5 pri ženskah). Naselje ima 73 gospodinjstev, pri čemer je povprečno število članov na gospodinjstvo 2,71.
Doslej je izdala sedmnajst leposlovnih knjig. Prvih pet pred leti, po malo daljši prekinitvi ostale. Za dvojezično knjigo za odrasle »Zgodbe iz drugega nadstropja« je na mednarodnem natečaju mesta Salo prejela literarno nagrado. Knjige za otroke – Zbirka Hobotnica Alenčica – dela skupaj z bratom. Izdala sta že tri knjige v tej zbirki. Knjige v zbirki Ljubezni je za vse dovolj dela z ilustratorko Majo Lubi.
Joga tišine je usmerjena k znanju (epistemologiji) in se vsebinsko navezuje na filozofijo nedvojnosti. Poučevanje nedvojnosti (ali advaite) je bilo povezano z monizmom. Jogo tišine je utemeljil in ustanovil mojster advaite Madhukar.
Osrednji motiv na grbu je znamenje, ki se nahaja na zvoniku šentiljske cerkve. Ležeč in stiliziran polmesec je bil križu dodan leta 1839 kot spomin na leto 1532, ko so Turki oropali in poškodovali cerkev ter predstavlja zmago krščanstva nad islamom.
Pancir-S1 (rusko Панцирь-С1, NATO oznaka SA-22 Greyhound) je ruski samovozni raketni in topovski protiletalski sistem. Oborožen je z 12 raketami, ki imajo doseg do 20 kilometrov in višino do 15000 metrov ter dvema 2A38M 30 mm protiletalskima avtomatskima topovoma z dosegom okrog 3 km.
kurtina svete Sholastike – stena povezuje bastijona Brezmadežnega spočetja in svetega Janeza. Ima prostor za top RML 12,5-palčni, 38-tonski, in druge britanske prilagoditve;
Bil je sin Julija Konstancija, sina Konstancija Klora, in njegove žene Gale. Julij Konstancij je imel v drugem zakonu sina Flavija Klavdija Julijana, kasnejšega cesarja Julija Odpadnika. Julij Konstancij je bil torej polbrat cesarja Konstantina Velikega, njegovi sinovi pa bratranci Konstantina II., Konstancija II. in Konstansa I..
Janez Dular in Sneža Tecco Hvala, South-Eastern Slovenia in the Early Iron Age: settlement, economy, society. = Jugovzhodna Slovenija v starejši železni dobi: poselitev, gospodarstvo, družba. Opera Instituti archaeologici Sloveniae 12, Ljubljana 2007 (COBISS)
V tekmovalni del finala so se uvrstili tisti 4 tekmovalci, ki so v prvih 11 oddajah zbrali največ točk: Tilen Artač, Mišo Kontrec, Jana Šušteršič in Samuel Lucas. Ostali 4 tekmovalci pa so v netekmovalnem delu nastopili v duetih. Gostujoči žirant je bil Klemen Bunderla. V finalu so o končnem zmagovalcu odločali zgolj gledalci. Zmagovalec 3. sezone je postal Tilen Artač.
Northrop Grumman X-47B je stealth palubno brezpilotno bojno letalo, ki ga razvija ameriški Northrop Grumman. Projekt X-47 je bil na začetku del DARPA-inega programa J-UCAS, trenutno je del UCAS-D programa. Prvič je poletel 4. februarja 2011. X-47 je po konfiguraciji leteče krilo, poganja ga en turboventilatorski motor Pratt & Whitney F100-220U. X-47B lahko doseže visoke podzvočne hitrosti (Mach 0,9+)
Lepa Violetta je v središču lahkoživega življenja. Potem ko je na videz ozdravela, priredi v svojem elegantnem salonu veliko slavje, ki se ga udeleži tudi mladi plemič Alfred Germont, ki je že dolgo vanjo zaljubljen in se mu zdaj ponudi priložnost, da se ji predstavi in nazdravi. V sosednjih prostorih plešejo, bolna Violetta pa zaostane in Alfred ji prizna svojo naklonjenost. Violetta ga ne razume in ga ne vzame resno, vendar jo Alfred prepriča o svojem resničnem čustvu in Violetta mu podari svojo kamelijo. Mladenič presrečen odide, drugi gostje pa želijo poveseljačiti z Violetto, vendar jih odkloni.
Na koncu svoje kariere je Herder podpiral francosko revolucijo, kar mu je prineslo sovraštvo njegovih številnih sodelavcev. Eden izmed razlogov za njegovo izolacijo je bil tudi, ker je napadal Kantovsko filozofijo.
Ko nastopi bolečina, se pri ženski navadno zmanjša želja po užitku in vzburjenje se zmanjša. Zmanjšata se vlažnost in vaginalno razširjenje, prodiranje penisa postane boleče. Tudi po tem, ko se je vzrok bolečine že odstranil, lahko ženska še vedno občuti bolečino, ker jo pričakuje.
Leta 2010 je bil v postavi mladinske ekipe v starostni kategoriji do 20 let (letnik 1990 in mlajši), ki je na Mladinskem evropskem prvenstvu zasedla tretje mesto in osvojila bronasto medaljo.
Serijo Torchwood snemajo v Cardiffu, prestolici Walesa. Ustvarjalci Torchwooda so Cardiff namenoma prikazali kot živahno urbano središče, kar je v nasprotju z zastarelimi stereotipi, ki jih veliko ljudi pripisuje Walesu. "Na spregled ni niti enega samcatega moškega pevskega zbora ... ali pa rudarja," je za BBC Wales izjavila Menna Richards. Serijo snemajo tudi zunaj Cardiffa, kot na primer v valižanskem mestecu Merthyr Tydfil.
Spesso usata quale motto o incitazione, ha il significato letterale: «attraverso le asperità sino alle stelle» oppure, in senso traslato, frase con cui si suole significare che «la via che porta alle cose alte è piena di ostacoli».
Cinque comitati nazionali presenti a edizioni precedenti non hanno inviato nessun atleta a Torino: Camerun, Figi, Giamaica, Porto Rico e Trinidad e Tobago. Il Messico, che avrebbe dovuto partecipare, si è ritirato prima dell'inizio dei giochi.
4 Tunçeri, 5 Türkoğlu, 6 Türkcan, 7 Köseoğlu, 8 Pars, 9 Erdenay, 10 Kutluay, 11 Peker, 12 Beşok, 13 Okur, 14 Yıldırım, 15 Onan, All. Aydın ÖrsCampionato mondiale maschile di pallacanestro 2006
Nel 1977 gli organizzatori decidono di spostare il torneo da gennaio a dicembre, confidando di diventare un appuntamento irrinunciabile per chi avesse la possibilità di centrare il Grande Slam. Ma le cose non migliorano, anzi il tabellone si impoverisce ulteriormente. Nella doppia edizione del 1977: una giocata a gennaio e una a dicembre vinceranno Roscoe Tanner su Guillermo Vilas e Vitas Gerulaitis su John Lloyd tra gli uomini, Kerry Reid sulla Balestrat e Evonne Goolagong sulla Cawley tra le donne.
Nella musica si ricordano fra le tante: New York, New York di Frank Sinatra, Welcome to NYC ed Empire State of Mind di Jay-Z, Welcome to New York di Taylor Swift, New York City Serenade di Bruce Springsteen, New York di Bryan Adams, Harlem di Duke Ellington, Angel of Harlem degli U2, Leaving New York dei R.E.M., Shattered dei Rolling Stones e I Love New York di Madonna.
Nel mese di maggio 2007 l'insegna sul tetto della fabbrica, ormai vecchia e logora, viene sostituita con una molto più luminosa, con il marchio ufficiale e la scritta. La stessa insegna viene posta lo stesso giorno sopra il cancello di ingresso alla fabbrica in versione rettangolare.
Velasquez fa il suo debutto nell'UFC contro Brad Morris all UFC 83 e vince per TKO al primo round. Nel suo match successivo Velasquez sconfigge Jake O'Brien al UFC Fight Night 14 per TKO al primo round. Velasquez affronta poi Denis Stojnić al UFC Fight Night 17 e il match viene fermato dall'arbitro durante il secondo round e Velasquez ottiene così un'altra vittoria per TKO. Velasquez vince anche il premio Knockout of the Night per la sua performance. Il match seguente è al UFC 99 contro l'ex-kickboxer e veterano dei pesi massimi UFC Cheick Kongo. Velasquez si dimostra ancora una volta dominatore mettendo a segno 251 colpi e vincendo per decisione unanime (30–27 da parte di tutti i giudici).Il nuovo avversario di Velasquez avrebbe dovuto essere Shane Carwin e il vincitore avrebbe combattuto per il titolo dei pesi massimi UFC contro il detentore della cintura Brock Lesnar. Tuttavia il match salta e Velasquez viene quindi chiamato ad affrontare Ben Rothwell al UFC 104. Velasquez sconfigge Rothwell per TKO al secondo round.Velasquez affronta anche l'ex-campione dei pesi massimi Pride e UFC Antônio Rodrigo Nogueira il 20 febbraio 2010 al UFC 110. Prima dell'inizio del match, alcuni commentatori prevedono la vittoria di Nogueira a causa di ipotetiche lacune nello striking di Velasquez, ma vengono totalmente smentiti quando il messicano vince per TKO al primo round, vincendo anche il premio Knockout of the Night.
Nell'ottobre 2008 vince una gara di fornitura, indetta dal Ministero degli Interni del land di Berlino, per la consegna di n. 35 "850 GT Norge" alla Polizia della capitale tedesca.
In passato era considerata una specie tipica della Sicilia, da cui l'epiteto specifico. In realtà la specie è comune in tutta Italia ed anche in Francia, Svizzera, Slovenia, Serbia, Montenegro, Bosnia ed Erzegovina e Croazia. È stata introdotta in Spagna, Turchia e negli Stati uniti.
È una essenza tipica della macchia mediterranea. Prospera in ambienti litoranei aridi e soprattutto calcarei, su scogliere e rupi presso il mare, da 0 a 700 m.
Mai vincitrice del campionato spagnolo, vanta la vittoria della Coppa delle Coppe 1994-1995, risultando essere una delle quattro squadre europee insieme a Bayer Leverkusen, Parma e West Ham Utd ad avere vinto una competizione ufficiale UEFA senza avere mai vinto il titolo nazionale. A livello europeo vanta anche la vittoria della Coppa delle Fiere 1963-1964.
Sinä ansaitset kultaa (in finlandese: "Ti meriti oro") è un singolo del cantante schlager finlandese Jari Sillanpää, pubblicato nell'ottobre 2014.
Per lo svolgimento dei Giochi sono state realizzate oltre sessantacinque opere tra impianti sportivi, infrastrutture viarie, villaggi per atleti e media, per una spesa approssimativa totale di oltre 3,5 miliardi di euro, di cui 2 miliardi per la realizzazione delle opere e 1,5 miliardi per l'organizzazione dei Giochi.Tra i principali impianti sportivi figurano:
Atarneo fiorì nel IV secolo a.C. quando fu sede del governo di Ermia di Atarneo, il cui dominio si estendeva da Atarneo ad Asso. La città fu abbandonata dai suoi abitanti nel I secolo d.C. forse a seguito di una pestilenza.
San Giuseppe, patrono di Spadafora, si celebra con festeggiamenti la domenica successiva al terzo giovedì di luglio per 4 giorni, anticamente
I montepremi per il settore maschile e femminile sono divisi equamente. Il montepremio del 2017 ha ricevuto un aumento del 14% rispetto all'edizione scorsa raggiungendo la cifra record di 50.000.000 A$.
Giorgio Di Centa (Italia, sci di fondo) "emula" quanto fatto due anni prima nelle Olimpiadi estive dal maratoneta Stefano Baldini vincendo l'ultima gara individuale, la 50 km tecnica libera, ricevendo così l'oro all'ultima premiazione, effettuata dalla sorella Manuela, che eguaglia per ori vinti. L'ultima medaglia in assoluto assegnata è nell'hockey maschile, dove la Svezia vince 3-2 contro la Finlandia.
Negli anni ottanta è stato poi presente nel cast di episodi di Love Boat, Fantasy Island e La signora in giallo. Nel 1985 ha partecipato per nove mesi alla soap opera Quando si ama in cui ha interpretato il ruolo di Rebecca Beecham, una donna d'affari. Alla fine degli ottanta e all'inizio degli anni novanta è stata poi interprete in Growing Pains (era la madre dell'attore Alan Thicke). Dopo aver rimpiazzato fra il 1991 e il 1994 Eileen Fulton in As The World Turns, ha tenuto due ruoli di supporto in TV movies.
Infine proprio per pubblicizzare l'uso di mezzi ecologici, a New York si tiene il Five Boro Bike Tour con un percorso di 68 km attraverso i distretti della città.
Il 9 luglio affrontò Travis Browne all'evento UFC 200. Dopo alcuni scambi in piedi, Velasquez riuscì a portare il suo avversario al tappeto e da tale posizione pose fine all'incontro con il ground and pound, vincendo per KO tecnico a soli 3 secondi dalla fine del primo round. Con questa vittoria ottenne il premio Performance of the Night.
Nel 2009 Cartiera Lucchese Group cambia il nome in Lucart Group. Nell'anno seguente viene realizzato il primo impianto che permette di produrre carta 100% ecologica da fibre di cellulosa dei contenitori Tetra Pak.
Belinda Emmett ha interpretato il ruolo ricorrente di Jodi Horner nella terza e quarta stagione. Natasha Beaumont è stata Rebecca Green dalla quarta alla sesta stagione. Peter Phelps ha interpretato Doug Spencer dall'ottava alla decima stagione. John Noble ha avuto il ruolo ricorrente del Dr. John Madsen dal 1998 al 2004. Molti attori, divenuti in seguito celebri, sono apparsi nella serie, tra loro Eric Bana, Jason Clarke, Mia Wasikowska, Jai Courtney, Eliza Taylor, Grant Bowler, Andy Whitfield, Manu Bennett, Callan Mulvey, Sam Reid, Sarah Snook, Murray Bartlett, Luke Hemsworth e molti altri.
Fa parte dell'Associazione Sentinella dei Fiumi e dell'Unione Comunale Dall'Adige al Fratta. L'unione è composta da cinque comuni: Bevilacqua, Bonavigo, Boschi Sant'Anna, Minerbe e Terrazzo.
Nell'estate, i Matia vincono il primo Telegatto di TV Sorrisi e Canzoni come "miglior gruppo italiano". Alla fine del 1983 pubblicano Il treno blu, un singolo per il mercato giapponese mai distribuito in Italia; realizzano la colonna sonora di Magic Moments, un film di Luciano Odorisio, e compongono il brano Casa mia per l'album di artisti vari Architettura sussurrante. Nell'aprile del 1984, alla vigilia dell'uscita dell'album Aristocratica, Mauro Sabbione lascia il gruppo per dedicarsi a progetti sperimentali (Melodrama) e collaborare con i Litfiba.
David soffriva di disturbo bipolare, e aveva alle spalle una storia di abuso di alcol e droga. Nel 1998 era stato arrestato per possesso di cocaina, e condannato a dicembre a 36 mesi, con pena sospesa, e alla riabilitazione. Il giorno della sua morte sarebbe dovuto essere di fronte alla corte, per un esame dei progressi nella riabilitazione.
Le corna si sviluppano solamente nei maschi. Solitamente questi animali ne hanno quattro; due tra le orecchie ed un secondo paio proprio sul davanti della fronte. I maschi sviluppano il primo paio di corna all'età di pochi mesi ed il secondo paio, indicatore dell'età e del benessere nutritivo dell'animale, si sviluppa tra i 14 ed i 15 mesi. Le corna non cadono mai, ma possono venire danneggiate durante i combattimenti.
In autunno la band prende parte al Festival Italiano, condotto da Mike Bongiorno, con L'amore non finisce mai, che rivela in pieno la raggiunta maturità interpretativa della Valente e del gruppo. Questa sarà l'ultima apparizione di Carlo Marrale, infatti il chitarrista lascia definitivamente il gruppo dopo diciotto anni passati insieme, per dedicarsi alla carriera solista. Per la prima volta in assoluto, i Matia Bazar diventano un quartetto e partecipano a Innocenti evasioni, un disco tributo a Lucio Battisti, interpretando il suo brano Con il nastro rosa.
La posizione strategica della valle è ricordata dalle fortificazioni del Principe Tommaso del XVII secolo, in località Mont du Parc, lungo le quali l'esercito di casa Savoia arrestò, in due occasioni, le truppe francesi.
Il 2004 è l'anno della prima sfida tra le belghe Justine Henin e Kim Clijsters. Avrà la meglio Justine Henin, alla prima e unica vittoria in Australia. Nel 2006 e nel 2008 vincono rispettivamente Amélie Mauresmo e Marija Šarapova: la francese approfitta del ritiro della Henin, mentre la russa vince contro la Ivanovic.
Situata nel Rio dei Vetrai, e fondata nel 1348 in onore di san Giovanni Battista, fu totalmente demolita a causa di un incendio dal quale non si poté salvare niente. Fu quindi ricostruita nel 1511 e dedicata a San Pietro Martire. Divisa in tre navate con colonnato in marmo, risultano di grande interesse le tele ad opera di Giovanni Bellini Assunzione della Vergine e Santi e Il doge Barbarigo presentato alla Vergine e al Putto. Caratteristici e di inestimabile valore sono i lampadari in vetro con le famose mandole. Molte altre opere contenute nella chiesa sono quello che si è potuto salvare dalla razzia di Napoleone Bonaparte dalle altre chiese dell'isola. Nell'ala destra si può ammirare la splendida cappella della famiglia Ballarin, dedicata a San Giuseppe e a Maria, che il celebre vetraio Giorgio Ballarin fece costruire per sé (vi riposa dal 1506), per la sua famiglia e per i suoi discendenti. Nella stessa cappella sorge inoltre il monumento funebre dedicato al Cancellier Grande della Repubblica di Venezia, Giovanni Battista Ballarin, morto il 29 settembre del 1666 a Isdin in Macedonia e la tomba di suo figlio, Domenico Ballarin, anche lui Cancellier Grande della Repubblica di Venezia, morto il 2 novembre 1698.
arabi lo portarono al massimo splendore e valorizzarono le campagne con la costruzione di acquedotti che trasportavano l'acqua dei torrenti nei campi coltivati.
Nel 2006 veste la maglia della nazionale di calcio dell'Uruguay nella vittoria casalinga contro il Venezuela, subentrando nel secondo tempo a Gaston Filgueira.
novembre è il mese del Salone di Milano, dove vengono presentate le novità dell'anno 2007. Assecondando le richieste che arrivano dal mercato, Moto Guzzi si presenta con una lunga serie di novità: 2 motori nuovi, due nuove versioni di moto già a listino, una moto completamente nuova. Nel dettaglio:
Per gli scrittori francesi dell'Ottocento (Charles Baudelaire, Honoré de Balzac, Charles Nodier) Hoffmann ha incarnato il vero spirito romantico tedesco. Dalla sua produzione letteraria trassero ispirazione anche Aleksandr Sergeevič Puškin, Nikolaj Vasil'evič Gogol' e Aleksandr Ivanovič Herzen, mentre per il giovane Hans Christian Andersen fu determinante l'incontro con le opere di Hoffmann e in particolare con Il bambino misterioso e Schiaccianoci e il re dei topi. Del concetto hoffmanniano di umorismo tenne poi largamente conto Luigi Pirandello.
David trascorse la sua ultima serata in uno strip club a Las Vegas con l'attore e amico Andy Dick. Il 22 marzo 1999 David prende una stanza all'Oasis Motel, nelle prime ore del mattino. Dopo aver consumato diverse bottiglie di birra, fumato crack e sniffato cocaina si impicca con un lenzuolo ad una trave del soffitto. Il corpo viene scoperto da un inserviente. I fatti fanno pensare che David avesse interrotto la cura a base di litio, che assumeva per controllare il disturbo bipolare. Non ha lasciato nessuna lettera di addio, e nella stanza c'erano tracce di droga. Il coroner ha riportato l'evidenza di un precedente tentativo di suicidio del 1998 sul corpo del giovane appena ventinovenne.
Nel 2004 sconfisse in finale in Coppa del Re i Galácticos del Real Madrid per 3-2 ai tempi supplementari allo Stadio olimpico Lluís Companys di Barcellona e vinse la Supercoppa di Spagna contro il Valencia allenato da Claudio Ranieri.Nel 2006 la squadra aragonese perse la finale della Coppa del Re contro l'Espanyol, dopo aver eliminato ai quarti il Barcellona, interrompendo una serie di vittorie positive dei catalani che durava da 18 partite, e aver ottenuto in semifinale uno dei trionfi più importanti della sua storia, sconfiggendo il Real Madrid per 6 a 1. In quell'occasione l'argentino Diego Milito segnò 4 reti. Nella stagione 2006-07 il Real Saragozza festeggiò il suo 75º anniversario e si classificò sesto in campionato ottenendo la qualificazione ai preliminari di Coppa Uefa.La stagione successiva fu disastrosa, con l'eliminazione ai preliminari dai greci dell'Aris Salonicco e la retrocessione in Segunda División. Il purgatorio della seconda serie dura, però, solamente un anno visto che il 13 giugno del 2009 la squadra aragonese riconquista la massima serie. L'anno successivo la squadra aragonese termina al quattordicesimo posto.
La metropolitana funziona 24 ore su 24, e le linee sono contraddistinte da lettere o numeri. Ad ogni fermata si possono trovare gratuitamente le cartine, che sono sorprendentemente di facile lettura, grazie ai colori con cui vengono differenziate tutte le linee. Le fermate locali vengono indicate con un cerchio nero, le fermate express con un cerchio bianco.
l'MTA (Metropolitan Transportation Authority), che fa capo principalmente alla città di New York e gestisce la metropolitana, la (Staten Island Railway) (anch'essa attiva 24 ore al giorno, 7 giorni alla settimana), gli autobus urbani e i treni verso Long Island (Long Island Rail Road) e verso Nord (Metro-North Railroad);
Tratto dal romanzo L'atlante delle nuvole di David Mitchell, è un film di fantascienza che intreccia sei storie ambientate in luoghi e tempi diversi. I temi ricorrenti nel film, così come nel romanzo, sono la reincarnazione e il destino, elementi che legano indissolubilmente i personaggi e le situazioni dei sei episodi attraverso numerosi richiami e citazioni interne.
Il 23 ottobre 2010, al UFC 121 Velasquez sconfigge Brock Lesnar per il titolo dei pesi massimi UFC, per TKO al primo round, vincendo anche il premio Knockout of the Night.Velasquez si infortuna alla spalla destra durante il match contro Lesnar, e inizialmente si prevede che debba restare fuori per 6-8 mesi. L'operazione alla spalla si conclude con successo e Velasquez è pronto per tornare a combattere per l'autunno 2011.Velasquez avrebbe dovuto difendere per la prima volta il titolo contro Junior dos Santos, il 19 novembre 2011 al UFC 139, ma successivamente il match è stato anticipato al 12 novembre 2011 ad UFC on FOX per trasmetterlo il giorno del debutto del UFC sul canale televisivo Fox.. Contrariamente alle previsioni della vigilia, il match si rivela a senso unico a favore di dos Santos che dopo 64 secondi mette KO il campione con un potente destro, infliggendo a Cain la prima pesante sconfitta della carriera. Nel post match Velasquez si mostra visibilmente affranto per l'andamento dell'incontro venendo inoltre apertamente criticato dal presidente UFC Dana White per la condotta di gara scelta.
Tra il 1978 e il 1982 gli Australian Open vivono il loro momento peggiore. I più forti non partecipano al torneo, Borg fallirà per due volte la conquista degli US Open, rinunciando alla trasferta australiana e così i suoi diretti antagonisti. Ne approfitta Guillermo Vilas, che fa doppietta tra il 1978 e il 1979. L'argentino, pur essendo uno specialista delle superfici lente, centra il bis sull'erba veloce sfruttando l'assenza dei migliori giocatori del mondo, tanto che nelle due finali batterà due tennisti di media classifica, quali John Marks e John Sadri. Ancora meno qualificato il torneo femminile che vede vincere Chris O'Neil e Barbara Jordan.
Ernst viene invece allevato nella famiglia della madre, una donna malata ed eccessivamente nervosa, che morirà di ictus nel 1796, soprattutto da tre persone: la nonna Doerffer, la zia Johanna Sophie (1745-1803), soprannominata Füsschen (piedino) e lo zio Otto Willhelm Doerffer (1741-1811), magistrato celibe, di umore cupo, devoto e solenne, di cui Hoffmann traccerà, nelle sue lettere e attraverso numerosi personaggi delle sue opere, un crudo ritratto in cui è altrettanto ridicolo che odioso. Lo chiamerà Onkel O. W. (Oh Weh!: zio catastrofe), poiché anche se è appassionato di musica, è impregnato di uno stupido razionalismo.
Il gatto Murr. Le sagge riflessioni del gatto Murr mischiate a una biografia frammentaria del maestro di cappella Johannes Kreisler presentate a caso come fogli strappati (Lebensansichten des Katers Murr nebst fragmentarischer Biographie des Kapellmeisters Johannes Kreisler in zufälligen Makulaturblättern, primo volume 1819, secondo volume 1821) (romanzo)
Nello stesso anno arriva sul mercato il Galletto, il primo scooter a ruote alte della storia. L'idea del Galletto nacque in seguito alla grande diffusione dello scooter come mezzo utilitario, protettivo e di facile utilizzo, che non intimoriva i neofiti delle due ruote, impersonato alla perfezione dalle varie Vespa e Lambretta. La Moto Guzzi non volle progettare un veicolo simile perché troppo diverso dalla classica motocicletta e dalla tradizione Guzzi. Il Galletto rappresenta la sintesi di ciò: telaio portante, esteso e protettivo (la ruota di scorta verticale posta tra la ruota anteriore ed il telaio fungeva anche validamente da paraurti), motore centrale a cilindro orizzontale che manteneva una pedana quasi piatta, ruote alte per garantire una stabilità superiore, cilindrate importanti per garantire mobilità a lungo raggio e prestazioni a pieno carico. Fu un successo e l'idea di base venne poi ripresa decenni più tardi da Aprilia per lo Scarabeo, tuttora in produzione, che ha rilanciato nei tempi moderni lo scooter a ruote alte.
Il primo insediamento europeo sorse nel 1613, quando i colonizzatori olandesi fondarono un insediamento per il commercio delle pellicce nella zona meridionale dell'isola di Manhattan che venne acquistata dagli olandesi per 24 dollari e, nel 1626, venne battezzato Nieuw Amsterdam (Nuova Amsterdam). Il piccolo centro crebbe nei decenni successivi, sotto il dominio dei Paesi Bassi, attraverso la costruzione di un forte (Fort Amsterdam) e una serie di lotte con i nativi (chiamate guerra di Kieft, dal nome del direttore generale della colonia Willem Kieft) per il predominio sul territorio circostante.
Cresciuto nella florida cantera dell'Athletic Bilbao, esordisce con il Bilbao Athletic nella stagione 1977-1978. Due anni dopo viene "promosso" alla prima squadra, debuttando in Primera División spagnola il 16 marzo 1980 nella partita Atletico Madrid-Athletic 0-1. Milita quindi per otto stagioni con i rojiblancos, con cui disputa 244 incontri (182 di campionato), vincendo due scudetti, una Coppa del Re ed una Supercoppa di Spagna.
Nel corso dell'anno viene proposta inoltre l'iniziativa Moto Guzzi Garage, dedicata alla customizzazione della propria motocicletta.Nel 2016 ritorna la Stornello a oltre cinquant’anni dalla nascita; nel marzo dello stesso anno, in occasione del 95º anniversario di Moto Guzzi, viene lanciata una nuova gamma V9 di media cilindrata in due versioni, la V9 Roamer e la V9 Bobber, con il motore 850 cc. In autunno, in occasione dell'EICMA, il brand presenta la MGX-21 Flying Fortress 1400 cc.
Le foglie sono alterne, spaziate, oblungo-lanceolate, di colore dal verde-glauco al rossiccio, lunghe fino a 7 cm, e sono disposte nella parte superiore dei rami dove rimangono dalle prime piogge autunnali sino all'inizio dell'estate, epoca in cui si colorano di rosso e quindi cadono.
Una scelta incomincia a operarsi tra le tre arti. La musica gli fa trovare il suo stile di scrittore, mentre il disegno e la pittura diventano un divertimento. La città di Bamberga, con la sua cattedrale, i palazzi barocchi e la popolazione cattolica di umore abbastanza allegro, che Hoffmann trova diversa dalla borghesia di Königsberg, gli piace. Il teatro di Bamberga, però, mal gestito dal conte von Soden, è in piena decadenza, e Hoffmann conserva solo per poco il suo posto di direttore d'orchestra; deve dare lezioni private di musica alle ragazzine. Le cose migliorano solo nel 1810, quando l'attore Franz von Holbein (1779-1855) e il dottore Adalbert Friedrich Marcus (1753-1816), due amici di Hoffmann, prendono in mano la gestione del teatro e, per due anni, Hoffmann vi si prodiga con entusiasmo.
Inizia così il periodo più fecondo della sua produzione letteraria, che lo porterà a scrivere romanzi e racconti tra i più originali e suggestivi della letteratura europea. Il suo primo lavoro è Il cavaliere Gluck (1808), in cui descrive la musica come un'arte leggera e soave, ma profondamente distruttiva; il racconto confluirà nel volume Racconti fantastici alla maniera di Callot, il cui contratto di pubblicazione risale al 1813. I Racconti fantastici vengono pubblicati in quattro volumi (tre nel 1814 e uno nel 1815) e il grande successo riscosso porterà a una seconda edizione nel 1819. Il terzo volume della raccolta contiene un unico lungo racconto, Il vaso d'oro, che rappresenta uno dei vertici della narrativa hoffmanniana ed è anche una delle sue creazioni più conosciute. In questo racconto convergono armonicamente diversi generi letterari — il fiabesco, il comico, il grottesco, l'avventuroso, l'horror — e in esso si fondono come per magia gli antichi miti di Atlantide e dell'Età dell'oro, le monotonie e le preoccupazioni quotidiane della vita piccolo-borghese, i riti oscuri e spaventosi della stregoneria, il tutto a simboleggiare quel carattere estetico «...che assume, in Hoffmann, la soluzione del conflitto dualistico, il recupero dell'armonia unitaria».
Nel corso degli anni nel ruolo di bassista si sono avvicendati Augusto Croce (poi passato negli Aidons la Norvege), Nicoletta Vinti, Claudio Castrini e Andrea Conversano: quest'ultimo è rimasto stabilmente nella formazione fino al ‘96 contribuendo ai passaggi più importanti nella storia del gruppo.
Dopo quell'esperienza il gruppo ha deciso di rallentare l'attività discografica e concertistica, concentrandosi sulla ricerca nel campo dell'elettronica, ed ha anche creato un proprio studio di registrazione.
L'Australian Open, torneo gestito dalla Tennis Australia, già conosciuta come Lawn Tennis Association of Australia (LTAA), si giocò per la prima volta al Warehouseman's Cricket Ground (conosciuto oggi come Albert Riserva Tennis Centre) di St Kilda Road a Melbourne nel 1905.
Ha un vasto repertorio musicale di proprietà e in licenza di generi diversi: musica classica, jazz, world music, lounge, easy listening, canzoni per bambini, musica italiana e internazionale.
Molti sono anche gli artisti italiani che hanno preso parte ai lavori dei Militia: il trombettista Cristian Bittarelli merita una menzione a parte essendo da sempre un membro aggiunto del gruppo; inoltre, il percussionista Stefano Saletti (dei Novalia), il soprano Paola Chiurulla, le vocalists Sabrina Carletti ed Elena Okechukwu, il trombonista Antonio Coatti (già impegnato nei progetti Ella guru e Shell vibes), il violoncellista Damiano Puliti (dell'Harmonia Ensemble), il team elettronico fiorentino dei Govinda, i deejays Ralf, Lovecalo', Simone Fabbroni ed il team Maffia Sound-system.
Di grande interesse storico artistico, fondata dall'abate Vincenzo Zanetti, sorge in Fondamenta Marco Giustinian, all'interno di un palazzo in stile gotico, antica residenza dei vescovi di Torcello. Dopo uno dei periodi più oscuri che il vetro di Murano abbia mai passato, in concomitanza con la caduta della Repubblica e l'invasione straniera, nel 1805 con la soppressione della diocesi di Torcello, il palazzo divenne proprietà del patriarcato di Venezia lampadari, di cui il più imponente, a sessanta bracci, è stato realizzato dai Maestri Lorenzo Santi e Giovanni Fuga. Per un breve periodo fu istituita anche una scuola per il disegno e la produzione del vetro soffiato insegnando l'evoluzione della tecnica nel corso dei secoli. Il Museo fa parte dei Musei Civici Veneziani dal 1923, anno dell'annessione dell'isola al Comune di Venezia. Fu sede inoltre del Municipio di Murano, trasferito in seguito a Palazzo da Mula. Il museo è stato recentemente restaurato per dare spazio alle collezioni del novecento e a mostre temporanee.
I convogli possono andare uptown, cioè verso nord, o downtown, cioè verso sud. Esistono due tipi di treno, i local, che si fermano ad ogni stazione e gli express che si fermano solo nelle stazioni più importanti. Alcuni treni operano come "local" in alcuni distretti e come "express" in altri (ad esempio il servizio F è local a Brooklyn e Manhattan, express nel Queens).
4 Arslan, 5 Kuqo, 6 Atsür, 7 Akyol, 8 İlyasova, 9 Erden, 10 Demirel, 11 Kutluay, 12 Gönlüm, 13 Okur, 14 Peker, 15 Türkoğlu, All. Bogdan TanjevićFIBA EuroBasket 2009
Tra il 1792 e il 1794 lavorò nella Cattedrale della Madonna del Ponte a Lanciano (Abruzzo), dove firmò le tele e gli affreschi delle volte e delle nicchie.
Il biennio 2006-2007 è dominato da Federer che gioca otto finali di Slam vincendone sei. A Melbourne se la deve vedere con due finalisti a sorpresa, Marcos Baghdatis nel 2006 e Fernando González nel 2007. Il cipriota sarà in grado di togliergli un set, mentre González arriverà al massimo al tie-break. Lo svizzero perderà poi l'edizione 2009 con Nadal in una intensa finale in 5 set e si aggiudicherà quella del 2010 battendo in 3 set lo scozzese Murray. L'edizione 2011 è stata invece vinta dal serbo Novak Đoković, che ha battuto in 3 set Andy Murray.
Nessun evento particolarmente significativo ha interessato la città nei restanti anni del XXI secolo, che videro nel 2002 l'elezione a sindaco di Michael Bloomberg; la città in questi anni ha continuato a guadagnare popolazione, attestandosi a quasi 8,2 milioni di abitanti secondo i dati del censimento 2010. Fra gli eventi più significativi che hanno interessato la città in questo scorcio di XXI secolo sono il grande blackout del 2003, che ha interessato il nordest degli Stati Uniti, e la corsa alle Olimpiadi del 2012, in una competizione poi vinta dalla città di Londra.
Poço Fundo è un comune del Brasile nello Stato del Minas Gerais, parte della mesoregione del Sul e Sudoeste de Minas e della microregione di Alfenas.
In passato sono state descritte numerose sottospecie per identificare le popolazioni di piccole isole o addirittura scogli attorno alle coste italiane, la validità di questi nomi tuttavia è stata messa in dubbio da recenti analisi genetiche:
Ormai concluse nel 1966 le attività estrattive (carbone), presenti in forma artigianale dal primo '800 e potenziati in forma industriale grazie alla acciaieria Cogne di Aosta nella fine degli anni venti.
L'edizione nº 100, quella del 2012, ha visto in finale il nº 1 al mondo Novak Đoković, vincitore in semifinale con Andy Murray dopo una partita di 4 ore e 50 minuti, ed il nº 2 Rafa Nadal, a sua volta vincitore della prima semifinale contro Roger Federer. Dopo 5 ore e 53 minuti, Đoković ha avuto la meglio riconfermandosi campione. La finale nº 100 è stata la più lunga nella storia di tutti gli Slam. Nel 2013 è ancora Đoković a vincere in finale contro Andy Murray. L'anno successivo vince il primo Slam della sua carriera lo svizzero Stanislas Wawrinka che batte in finale lo spagnolo Rafael Nadal che durante il corso del secondo set accusa dei dolori alla schiena, ma che conclude comunque il match che viene vinto con il punteggio di 6-3, 6-2, 3-6, 6-3. Nel 2017, Roger Federer conquista il suo quinto titolo qui a Melbourne, battendo in finale Rafael Nadal con lo score di 6–4, 3-6, 6–1, 3–6, 6–3 in 3 ore e 37 minuti di gioco.
trasporto. Dopo aver fatto un lungo giro per le vie del paese di Spadafora, viene rivolta verso il mare e benedetta, dopo di che fa ritorno nella chiesa di San Giuseppe, di fronte al castello, mentre le campane suonano a festa.
(EN) W. R. Bett: Johann von Mikulicz-Radecki (1850–1905). Pioneer surgeon. Proceedings of the Royal Society of Medicine 43 (1950), S. 1061 f.
La pianificazione urbanistica del 1916 pose una battuta di arresto nelle nuove costruzioni, al fine di evitare che i troppi grattacieli oscurassero le strade sottostanti. Lo stile Art Deco del Chrysler Building (1930) e dell'Empire State Building (1931), con le loro cime e guglie coniche in acciaio, riflette i requisiti di tale regolamento. I due edifici presentano ornamenti distintivi, come le aquile poste agli angoli del 61º piano del Chrysler Building e vengono considerati alcuni dei migliori esempi di stile Art Deco.I grandi quartieri residenziali di New York sono spesso caratterizzati da eleganti case a schiera in mattoni, piccoli condomini e squallide case popolari edificate tra il 1870 e il 1930, un periodo di rapida espansione. Tuttavia, New York possiede anche dei quartieri meno densamente popolati e dotati di abitazioni singole. In quartieri come Riverdale, The Bronx, Ditmas Park, Brooklyn, Douglaston, Queens, vi sono grandi case unifamiliari in vari stili architettonici come il Tudor revival e l'architettura vittoriana.La pietra e i mattoni divennero gli unici materiali da costruzione della città, dopo che l'uso del legno era stato limitato in seguito al grande incendio del 1835. Una caratteristica peculiare di molti degli edifici della città sono le torri contenenti acqua poste sui tetti. Nel 1800, la città richiese la loro installazione sugli edifici superiori ai sei piani per evitare che la necessità di una pressione dell'acqua troppo elevate, potesse rompere, ai piani più bassi, i tubi comunali.
Oltre ai ruoli già citati è stato presidente del Consiglio Economico Supremo fino al 2009. Inoltre ha continuato ad essere Presidente del Consiglio Superiore del Petrolio e dei Minerali, Presidente del Centro per il Dialogo Nazionale Re Abd al-Aziz, Presidente del Consiglio del Servizio Civile e Capo del Consiglio del Servizio Militare fino alla sua morte nel 2015.
Ottenuto successivamente il diploma alla Bedales & Manchester Technical School, entrò nel commercio del tabacco e viaggiò a lungo in Argentina e in Cile. Rientrato in Inghilterra, si occupò di pubblicità come agente e conobbe l'allora aspirante attrice Greer Garson, la quale lo incoraggiò a intraprendere la carriera di attore. Dopo aver debuttato sugli schermi nel 1929, Sanders lavorò per alcuni anni nel cinema britannico prima di trasferirsi negli Stati Uniti, dove esordì nel 1936 con un ruolo di supporto, quello di un nobile vizioso, ne I Lloyds di Londra (1936) di Henry King. Successivamente interpretò il ruolo di Simon Templar (il "Santo") e del detective Gay Lawrence (The Falcon) in due diverse serie di film a basso budget prodotti tra la fine degli anni trenta e l'inizio degli anni quaranta.
Perzów (in tedesco Perschau) è un comune rurale polacco del distretto di Kępno, nel voivodato della Grande Polonia.Ricopre una superficie di 75,46 km² e nel 2004 contava 3.925 abitanti.
Il prefisso n (da "normal") indica la catena lineare, mentre i prefissi sec (da "secondario") e terz (da "terziario") indicano il numero di ramificazioni che hanno origine dal carbonio 1. Il prefisso iso deriva da "isomero".
Nel 1991 pubblica la raccolta Come sarà mio figlio contenente tre brani inediti, oltre ai maggiori successi riarrangiati: è questo l'ultimo disco pubblicato dalla RCA Italiana.
Da quanto si è potuto rilevare dagli archivi comunali, risulta che Spadafora si costituì a comune autonomo nell'anno 1817; prima di allora era una frazione di San Martino (diventato oggi frazione del Comune di Spadafora). Il primo registro dello Stato civile del Comune risale, infatti, proprio al 1817.
Mikulicz appartiene alla seconda generazione di chirurghi del diciannovesimo secolo: questo indica che l'anestesia inalatoria era già pienamente sviluppata e utilizzata, ma si trova comunque a discutere sulle diverse tecniche chimiche antisettiche.
Il Rockfeller Center ospita invece il Radio City Music Hall, che è il più famoso music-hall newyorchese e ha ospitato anche tanti cantanti e gruppi italiani.
Il gioiello che Zachry (Tom Hanks) ha al collo è in realtà un bottone dal cappotto di Adam Ewing, rubato dal dottor Henry Goose (interpretato anch’esso da Tom Hanks). Nella lotta con la tribù Kona, in cui Zachry sta per essere strangolato, il bottone rompe la sua collana e gli permette di salvarsi.
L'attrice Agustina Cherri aveva firmato un contratto in esclusiva con Telefe e recita nella telenovela con il personaggio di Mili. Nel 1995 si svolsero alcuni casting e fu selezionata Romina Yan come protagonista.
La costruzione della fregata grande Sirena fu autorizzata dal Senato, e la nave venne impostata presso l'Arsenale nel 1774 sotto la direzione del Proto dei Marangoni Domenico Giacomazzi.
Nel 1964 l'attrice aveva partecipato ad una rivista musicale intitolata Just 20 Plus Me!, da cui fu tratta una registrazione discografica (mai commercializzata) in cui cantava accompagnata da un coro maschile di venti elementi. Nel 2000 Powell è apparsa in una produzione off-broadway - Avow - che le ha fruttato positive recensioni per un ruolo che evidenziava in maniera particolare i suoi eccellenti tempi comici.
A dispetto della fama di "giungla urbana" di New York, la città è ricca di parchi e aree naturali: il 27% della superficie totale della città è occupata da parchi pubblici, campi da gioco, riserve naturali, spiagge e campi da golf, a cui però vanno aggiunti anche stadi, cimiteri e parchi divertimento.Benché non sia il più grande della città, il parco più conosciuto è sicuramente Central Park, diventato ormai un'icona della città al pari di Times Square o dell'Empire State Building, e spesso inquadrato nei numerosi telefilm ambientati a Manhattan. Esteso per 840 acri, fu il primo parco pubblico negli Stati Uniti ed è uno dei luoghi più visitati della città, con stimati ogni anno più di 25 milioni di visitatori; il parco contiene inoltre numerose attrazioni come uno zoo, un finto castello, un anfiteatro, oltre che numerosi campi da baseball e basket e vari laghi artificiali. Il 4 novembre 2012, a seguito della cancellazione dell'edizione annuale della Maratona di New York 2012, circa 20.000 maratoneti hanno "invaso" il parco cittadino dando vita ad una corsa benefica, in favore degli abitanti di Staten Island colpiti dalla furia dell'uragano Sandy. Altri celebri parchi, benché decisamente più piccoli sono Bryant Park che funge da giardino di lettura della New York Public Library, Battery Park, da dove partono i traghetti per la Statua della Libertà, e Washington Square Park, celebre per l'arco di trionfo dedicato a George Washington e per i gruppi di artisti di strada che si esibiscono all'interno: nessuno dei parchi si estende per più di 20 acri.
Il 1820 segna l'inizio di alcuni gravi problemi di salute, che richiedono un alleggerimento del suo lavoro di magistrato. Il 24 giugno scrive all'amico Hippel dicendogli di aver fatto una conoscenza molto interessante: si tratta del compositore Gaspare Spontini, per il quale lo scrittore traduce in tedesco il libretto dell'opera Olympia. In autunno l'editore Joseph Max di Breslavia pubblica un nuovo romanzo di Hoffmann: La principessa Brambilla. Quest'opera ha una struttura molto insolita ed è basata su un simbolismo particolare, che si richiama principalmente alla filosofia di Schelling. Nella Principessa Brambilla non vi è infatti la tradizionale successione cronologica degli eventi, bensì la loro compresenza temporale; essenza e apparenza concidono, così come verità e metafora, e tutta la vicenda procede secondo il concetto di intuizione artistica schellinghiana, intesa come unica espressione dell'assoluto in quanto identità indifferenziata degli opposti (conscio e inconscio, libertà e natura, produttività e ricettività).
Al di fuori di Manhattan si trovano i parchi più grandi della città, come Pelham Bay Park, che con i suoi 11,2 chilometri quadrati (circa 2700 acri) è il più grande parco della città, con un'estensione circa grande tre volte Central Park; nel borough di Staten Island si trova invece la Staten Island Greenbelt, insieme di parchi e strutture esteso complessivamente per 3000 acri.
L'erede al trono di re Abd Allah è stato, fino alla sua morte avvenuta il 22 ottobre 2011, il fratellastro Sultan. Il titolo di principe ereditario passò poi al fratello di Sultan, Nayef, che rimase in carica fino alla sua morte avvenuta a Ginevra, in Svizzera, il 16 giugno 2012, mentre stava subendo test medici per una malattia sconosciuta. Il suo terzo erede apparente è stato il fratellastro Salman, che è stato nominato principe ereditario il 18 giugno 2012 e che gli sarebbe succeduto nel 2015.
George Henry Sanders (San Pietroburgo, 3 luglio 1906 – Castelldefels, 25 aprile 1972) è stato un attore cinematografico e televisivo britannico.
Il 29 dicembre 2012 a Las Vegas, con l'evento UFC 155: Dos Santos vs. Velasquez II, l'atleta di origini messicane torna campione dei pesi massimi dominando Junior Dos Santos nel rematch con una sorprendente boxe e con la sua lotta libera di altissimo livello, vendicando così l'unica sua sconfitta in carriera.
Mikulicz diventa Professore e Primario di Chirurgia all'Università di Breslavia nel 1890, a quarant'anni: una posizione che mantiene fino alla sua morte. Ancora una volta si trova di fronte ad ospedali universitari privi di accorgimenti igienico-sanitari. Ormai divenuto esperto, comincia nuovamente a introdurre nuove tecniche nel campo della chirurgia addominale, ortopedica e urologica; istituisce laboratori di patologia, di chimica, di batteriologia; avvia documentazioni fotografiche e compie chirurgia sperimentale sugli animali. Successivamente inserisce le specializzazioni di laringoiatria e chirurgia toracica come branche della chirurgia generale.
Roger Federer ha raggiunto cinque vittorie su sei finali in Australia, che inaugura il 2004 battendo Safin. Marat si riprenderà la rivincita l'anno successivo sconfiggendo Roger in una intensa semifinale e battendo il primo finalista australiano dai tempi di Cash, Lleyton Hewitt.
Anche Inuyasha mirava ad impossessarsi della Sfera per poter diventare un demone completo ed intraprese numerosi tentativi per impossessarsene, venendo sempre sconfitto facilmente dalla sacerdotessa, che però non infliggeva mai al mezzodemone il colpo di grazia. Ma, a lungo andare, le cose iniziarono a cambiare tra Kikyo ed Inuyasha. La ragazza era sempre più gentile con il mezzodemone, mentre quest'ultimo iniziò a non interessarsi più alla Sfera, pensando maggiormente a proteggere Kikyo dagli altri demoni e ad accompagnarla al di fuori del villaggio. I due iniziarono a confrontarsi spesso, capendo in fondo di non essere così diversi, e presto si innamorarono. Questo avvenimento scatenò la reazione di Naraku. Quest'ultimo, infatti, bramoso di fare sua sia la Sfera che Kikyo, derivante dal desiderio di Onigumo, il brigante da cui nacque il demone, elaborò un piano dettagliato per fare sì che Inuyasha cadesse proprio per mano della sua amata, per lasciargli libertà di manovra e riuscire ad impadronirsi della Sfera, per poi soggiogare la sacerdotessa grazie ai suoi nuovi poteri. Ma il suo piano fallì, poiché Inuyasha non morì, bensì fu sigillato al leggendario albero Goshinboku, mentre Kikyo e la Sfera svanirono entrambe, poiché Kikyo, ferita dallo stesso Naraku, invece di usare il gioiello per guarirsi e tenersi in vita, come aveva erroneamente previsto Naraku, decise di farsi cremare con esso, togliendola così dalla circolazione.
Le scuole pubbliche della città vengono gestite dal Consiglio di amministrazione della pubblica istruzione della Città di New York (New York City Department of Education, NYCDOE).
Gli accoppiamenti iniziano in primavera dopo il letargo invernale.I maschi inseguono le femmine e le bloccano con un morso sul tronco prima delle zampe posteriori.
Patricio è il più problematico del gruppo e non va d'accordo con gli altri tanto da diventare una sfida per Belén. Martina è una ragazza attraente e ambiziosa e provoca la gelosia di Georgi. Il rapporto tra Delfina e Mosca si intensifica. Belén incontra il presunto fratello di Alejo, Manuel, di professione sassofonista che aiuta l'orfanotrofio. Tuttavia, la sua presenza non facilita la nostalgia che Sol ha per il padre.
Nel 2014 ad ottenere il ruolo di nuovo sfidante al titolo fu il brasiliano Fabricio Werdum, atleta anch'esso molto popolare nel mondo delle arti marziali miste latinoamericane, e la sfida tra i due venne programmata per novembre con la prima uscita del UFC dal suolo statunitense verso il suolo messicano, dove Cain viene considerato un idolo; inoltre i due atleti vennero promossi ad allenatori della prima stagione del reality show The Ultimate Fighter incentrata su lottatori provenienti da paesi dell'America Latina.
Nel marzo 2012 viene commercializzata la nuova V 7, con il motore 750 cm³ ridisegnato, nelle versioni Stone, Special e Racer. Sempre nel 2012 viene presentata la Moto Guzzi California 1400 con un nuovo motore bicilindrico a V da 1400cc, il controllo di trazione, la tecnologia "ride by wire" multimappa e illuminazione diurna a led DRL. La casa di Mandello sceglie l'attore scozzese Ewan McGregor, grande appassionato di Moto Guzzi e collezionista di motociclette d’epoca, come testimonial.Nel 2014 la V7 si rinnova: nasce Moto Guzzi V7 II che rispetto alla versione precedente ha la sesta marcia, il sistema di frenata Antilock Braking System e il Traction Control. La V7 II ha tre versioni: la V7 II Stone che prende spunto dalle tonalità tipiche degli anni ‘70, la V7 II Special che è ispirata alla V750 S3 del 1975 e la V7 II Racer, in edizione limitata.Il 2015 è l'anno della Eldorado e dell'Audace: la prima è l’erede della “850” che 40 anni prima ebbe successo negli Stati Uniti; la seconda invece è una motocicletta nata per enfatizzare le prestazioni del motore bicilindrico a V da 1400cc.
La chiesa nacque probabilmente nel VII secolo, originariamente dedicata a Maria. Nel 1125, dopo la conquista di Cefalonia, vi furono collocate le spoglie di san Donato; assunse così il nome attuale. Successivi restauri l'hanno trasformata sensibilmente, presenta tre navate che convergono nell'abside centrale, rigorosamente rivolta verso est. Ed è proprio l'abside a rappresentare una delle parti più rilevanti dell'intero edificio, rivolta com'è verso le fondamenta, mentre la facciata è architettonicamente meno rivoluzionaria, tendente com'è a rispettare i moduli ravennati. Il catino absidale ospita una notevole Madonna orante a mosaico, opera di un maestro veneto di cultura bizantina della seconda metà del sec. XII. Il semicilindro absidale è decorato negli spazi tra le finestre con affreschi di area giottesca. Di notevole importanza è il pavimento musivo, presumibilmente contemporaneo a quello della basilica di San Marco.
nuovo motore 940 cm³ ad aste e bilancieri, ottenuto accorciando la corsa del motore 1151 cm³ della Norge/1200Sport. In questa configurazione a corsa corta è accreditato di 75 CV
Nella tribolata vita societaria una nuova puntata avviene nel 2000: Ivano Beggio, proprietario dell'Aprilia, acquista, oltre alla Moto Laverda, anche la Moto Guzzi e lancia un programma di risanamento industriale. Il primo prodotto è la V11 Sport Rosso Mandello, una versione particolare della V11, serie lanciata nel 1999 che uscì in svariate versioni di successo quali la V11 Sport, V11 Rosso Mandello, Rosso Corsa, Le Mans, V11 Sport Scura, Ballabio, Tenni (che richiama le colorazioni dell'8 cilindri, con sella in alcantara, serbatoio color alluminio e cupolino verde), Cafè Sport, Coppa Italia. Questa moto è stata il primo segno di un possibile rilancio reale della casa di Mandello.
Il manoscritto Luisa Rey Mystery che Timothy Cavendish sta revisionando mentre è in treno è scritto da Javier Gomez, il ragazzo con cui Rey parla nel suo appartamento e che le dice che il suo rapporto investigativo potrebbe essere una bella storia di mistero.
In queste Olimpiadi l'Italia conquista anche la sua 100° medaglia olimpica invernale, con il bronzo nella staffetta femminile dello short track sui 3000 metri (a causa della squalifica della Cina), ed Arianna Fontana diventa la più giovane medagliata italiana, sempre nella storia dei Giochi olimpici invernali.
Parte dei fondi promessi dal governo non è mai stata stanziata, e con la legge finanziaria del 2005 il contributo è stato ridotto di altri 64 milioni di euro, inoltre la differenza tra entrate uscite è stata maggiore del previsto di 22 milioni: di conseguenza, a dicembre 2005 il deficit di bilancio era ancora di oltre 100 milioni di euro, che verranno coperti in parte (30 milioni di euro) dalle fondazioni bancarie di Torino, in parte (20 milioni di euro) dal ricavato di una lotteria statale, in parte (5 milioni di euro) dall'azienda elettrica di Torino (di proprietà del Comune) e per la parte restante da una fidejussione richiesta dalla Città di Torino offrendo come garanzia le infrastrutture olimpiche.
Theta Aurigae (θ Aur / θ Aurigae) è una stella binaria di magnitudine 2,62 situata nella costellazione dell'Auriga. Dista 173 anni luce dal sistema solare.
Esordì come allenatore del Livorno, dove subì una squalifica di sei mesi per alcune dichiarazioni sul Pisa; nello stadio intitolato al suo ex compagno di squadra Armando Picchi, dopo un primo anno tranquillo, al secondo grazie a dodici vittorie e sedici pareggi la squadra si piazzò terza in campionato, a quattro punti dal Foggia promosso in Serie B, potendo contare su una difesa che subì solo undici gol. Sarebbe tornato ad allenare la squadra sedici anni dopo.
I Redel sono una famiglia tedesca che, da dieci anni, vive separata: la madre, con il figlio Johannes, in Argentina; il padre, un proprietario terriero, nelle vicinanze di Berlino. Johannes, nella sua nuova patria, viene chiamato da tutti Juan e si abitua allo stile di vita molto rilassato della madre. Dopo la morte improvvisa di questa, vede la zia Julieta, come ha chiesto sua madre prima di morire e ritorna in Germania con lei, dal padre. Quest'ultimo, uomo severo e rigoroso, mette nuovamente a disagio il figlio, come aveva sempre fatto prima di partire, un modo di fare che aveva portato alla dissoluzione della famiglia. Johannes non riesce ad abituarsi a quel nuovo stile di vita. Così chiede alla zia di riportarlo in Argentina. Il suo rifiuto provoca un litigio con i bambini del quartiere che finisce con l'incendio accidentale della paglia in un campo che va in fiamme.
Arriva quindi in Liguria, con la squadra del Genoa, dove ritornerà nel 1998 in una squadra reduce dal rischio di retrocedere nell'allora Serie C e con un nuovo presidente, il suo ex giocatore Massimo Mauro, che lo volle personalmente, al posto di Aldo Spinelli.
Il toponimo deriverebbe dal personale latino Amurius o Mur(r)ius; si può quindi ipotizzare che in origine la località fosse nota come Amuriana villa.
Di lui sappiamo con certezza solo quello che si può desumere dall'iscrizione trovata sulla sua tomba nel cimitero di Santa Ciriaca in Roma; una lapide marmorea recava incisi i simboli del martirio e la scritta:
Tra i più noti musei d'arte e design, il "Metropolitan Museum of Art" (inaugurato nel 1880) che mette in mostra oggetti d'arte che vanno da reperti dell'antico Egitto all'arte moderna, il "Museum of Modern Art" (chiamato MoMA e aperto nel 1929), la "Frick Collection" (1935), il "Whitney Museum of American Art" (1931) e l'"International Center of Photography". Tra questi, il "MoMA" è considerato il più grande museo al mondo di arte contemporanea ed è stato riaperto nel 2004 dopo ampia espansione.
Velasquez fa il suo debutto nelle MMA il 7 ottobre 2006 contro Jesse Fujarczyk nell'evento Strikeforce: Tank vs. Buentello della promozione Strikeforce, e vince per TKO al primo round. Successivamente affronta Jeremiah Constant al "BodogFight: St. Petersburg", e vince per TKO al quarto minuto del primo round.
Demósthenes debuttò nel Fluminense durante il Campionato Carioca del 1931. Fernando Giudicelli, il precedente centromediano del Fluminense, si era trasferito al Torino l'anno prima; ebbe modo di parlare con Magalhães, e gli propose di trasferirsi a giocare in Italia come aveva fatto lui. Giacché una delle condizioni per giocare in Italia era quella di avere origini italiane (ed essere quindi considerati oriundi), Magalhães cambiò il suo nome in Demostene Bertini.
A Bonavigo, alimentato da grandi idrovore, nasce il "Terrazzo", fiume minore, utilizzato per fornire acqua alle coltivazioni presenti sul territorio fino al comune di Terrazzo, dove il fiume si getta nel "Fratta".
(EN) Mallon, D.P. 2003, Tetracerus quadricornis, su IUCN Red List of Threatened Species, Versione 2017.1, IUCN, 2017. Database entry includes justification for why this species is vulnerable
Insieme a Londra e Tokyo, New York è considerata una delle città guida dell'economia mondiale. Da sola produce un prodotto interno lordo di 1300 miliardi di dollari, il più alto tra le grandi città degli Stati Uniti.Banche, attività finanziarie, assicurazioni, società di revisione contabile, agenzie immobiliari e studi legali sono i principali pilastri dell'economia cittadina. I mercati borsistici cittadini (New York Stock Exchange detto "Wall Street" dal nome della via in cui ha sede, il NASDAQ, l'American Stock Exchange, il New York Mercantile Exchange e la New York Board of Trade), ne fanno indubbiamente la più importante piazza borsistica del mondo. Molte delle maggiori banche d'affari mondiali hanno sede in città (ad es. Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, J.P. Morgan Chase, Merrill Lynch).
All Saints è una serie televisiva australiana, di genere medical drama, andata in onda su Seven Network dal 1998 al 2009, per un totale di 12 stagioni.
Tale competizione non è stata sempre la prima della stagione: nel 1977 fu spostata in coda al gruppo dei tornei dello Slam e per questa ragione in tale anno se ne tennero due edizioni, una in gennaio e un'altra in dicembre; la consuetudine di disputare l'Australian Open come ultimo torneo durò fino al 1985: in tale anno quell'edizione di torneo, ancorché disputata in dicembre, divenne la prima prova della stagione 1986 e, dal 1987, riprese il suo posizionamento a gennaio.
Lascia quattro spettacoli teatrali da lei scritti e interpretati: Una Donna Vissuta. Molto e Una Donna Vissuta. Rivista e Correta (monologo); Rotta di Collusione (monologo); Saponara Marittima - San Giovanni Rotondo, andata e ritorno (Monologo); la Scommessa (per quattro personaggi) e due opere incompiute: Una Farfalla, New York, Tokio e Morlupo e Certo che mi Arrabbio. Gli spettacoli realizzati sono visibili sul sito: celestebrancato.info
4 Tunçeri, 5 Kuqo, 6 Türkcan, 7 Arslan, 8 Akyol, 9 Erdoğan, 10 Kutluay, 11 Solak, 12 Gönlüm, 13 Okur, 14 Peker, 15 Türkoğlu, All. Bogdan TanjevićFIBA EuroBasket 2007
I Giochi precedenti all'edizione del 2006 si basarono principalmente sul modello organizzativo del comprensorio sciistico: sedi delle competizioni erano principalmente città o località di montagna, poco popolose, nelle quali le distanze tra i vari impianti erano irrisorie; in tal senso esempio lampante, considerato per una decina di anni modello ideale dei Giochi Invernali, fu l'edizione del 1994 ospitata dalla cittadina norvegese di Lillehammer (25.000 abitanti).
A New York sono ambientati molti videogiochi arcade, tra cui Rolling Thunder, The Super Spy, Chelnov, Jail Break. Inoltre la città in cui si svolgono le vicende di Final Fight è praticamente identica a New York, nonostante sia chiamata "Metro City". Alcuni episodi della serie videoludica "Grand Theft Auto" sono ambientati a Liberty City, città palesemente ispirata a Manhattan e ai suoi distretti, True Crime: New York City, anch'esso ambientato a Manhattan; infine Driver Parallel Lines, ambientato nella New York degli anni '70 e 2006.
Dopo un periodo di stasi, il gruppo riprende a lavorare, spinto dall'unico superstite della formazione originale, il batterista Giancarlo Golzi, che nel 1999 richiama l'amico, ora produttore discografico, Piero Cassano, già tastierista e motore componente del gruppo storico. Insieme decidono di ridare ai Matia Bazar una veste più popolare che porterà il gruppo alla realizzazione di prodotti meno sofisticati e più commerciali. Golzi propone la cantante Silvia Mezzanotte a Cassano e quest'ultimo, entusiasta della nuova voce, recluta anche l'arrangiatore e polistrumentista Fabio Perversi.
Quando iniziò la quarta elementare, Judith guadagnava circa 100.000 dollari l'anno, che aiutarono la sua famiglia a comprare una casa con tre camere da letto a West Hills. Poiché era bassa per la sua età (era alta 1,12 metri all'età di 10 anni), Judith iniziò a ricevere iniezioni di ormoni della UCLA per favorire la sua crescita. Le sue dimensioni portavano i direttori di casting a scritturarla per ruoli di bambine più giovani della sua età effettiva. Il suo agente disse al Los Angeles Times che quando Judith aveva dieci anni interpretava ancora bambine di 7 o 8 anni.Mentre la carriera di Judith decollava, József divenne sempre più violento, geloso e paranoico, e avrebbe regolarmente minacciato di uccidere sé stesso, la moglie e la figlia. Il suo alcolismo peggiorò, e portò a tre diversi arresti per guida in stato di ebbrezza. Nel dicembre 1986 Maria riferì alla polizia le minacce e violenza fisica del marito nei suoi confronti. Dopo che non furono trovati segni fisici di abuso, Maria decise di non sporgere denuncia contro József.Dopo l'incidente, József smise di bere, ma continuò a minacciare la moglie e la figlia, ad esempio di tagliare loro la gola e bruciare la casa. Nascose un telegramma che informava Maria che un suo parente in Ungheria era morto per evitare che lei e Judith lasciassero l'America. La violenza fisica continuò, e Judith disse a un amico che suo padre le gettava addosso pentole e padelle facendole sanguinare il naso. A causa degli abusi del padre, Judith cominciò a ingrassare e a comportarsi in modo inquietante, ad esempio strappandosi tutte le ciglia ed estraendo i baffi del suo gatto. Dopo essere scoppiata in lacrime di fronte al suo agente nel corso di un provino di canto per Charlie - Anche i cani vanno in paradiso, Judith fu portata da Maria da uno psicologo infantile, che identificò un grave abuso fisico ed emotivo e riferì le sue scoperte ai Child Protective Services.
Nel XX secolo vide combattimenti dell'esercito regolare contro la Francia quando, il 10 giugno 1940, l'Italia fascista le dichiarò guerra. Questo attacco italiano alla Francia già vinta dai tedeschi fu definito un coup de poignard dans le dos (una pugnalata alla schiena). Dopo l'8 settembre 1943 vi furono combattimenti dei partigiani italiani e francesi (maquis) contro le truppe di occupazione della Germania nazista.
Right Now è un brano musicale del flautista statunitense Herbie Mann, pubblicato nel 1962 dall'Atlantic Records come secondo e ultimo singolo dell'album Right Now.
Nel 2009 vi è stato un nuovo tentativo di "ringiovanire" la serie con l'introduzione di un nuovo staff medico specializzato in salvataggi difficili con l'utilizzo dell'elicottero e mezzi in grado di arrivare dove le ambulanze non sarebbero riuscite. Con l'introduzione del nuovo reparto la serie è stata ribattezzata All Saints: Medical Response Unit. Mirrah Foulkes si è unita al cast della dodicesima stagione nel ruolo del paramedico Jo Mathieson del Medical Response Unit.
Sul finire del secolo, nel 1898, venne formata la moderna città di New York, tramite l'accorpamento (consolidation) di Manhattan con la città, fino ad allora indipendente, di Brooklyn e con alcune aree esterne come il Bronx e Staten Island.
Più tardi in questo ruolo si sono avvicendati per brevi periodi anche Arlo Bigazzi (fondatore della Materiali Sonori, che ha anche prodotto gli albums "Dunarobba" ed "Elvengamello") e Aroldo Toccaceli: in realtà, i tre membri originari hanno deciso negli ultimi anni di mantenere l'organico aperto e pronto a rimodellarsi secondo le necessità del progetto in cui erano coinvolti.
Nei suoi racconti Hoffmann affronta diversi generi narrativi, spaziando dall'avventuroso al poliziesco ante litteram, dal fantastico al grottesco fino alla fiaba; si dedica a casi patologici e alla satira; descrive la realtà concreta come un qualcosa di inconcepibile, assurdo, artificioso, mentre i sogni e le magie appaiono come aspetti assolutamente naturali e ovvi. La sua figura e le sue opere letterarie, improntate al fantastico e all'horror, influenzarono notevolmente il Romanticismo europeo ed ispirarono le narrazioni di molti autori, tra i quali Edgar Allan Poe e Fedor Dostoevskij.
In nazionale, in cui ha giocato dal 1963 al 1974, vanta 66 presenze, debuttando il 10 novembre 1963 nella gara di ritorno valevole per la Coppa Europa contro la nazionale sovietica. Ritorna in nazionale un anno dopo, nella gara di qualificazione per i mondiali in Inghilterra del 1966 contro la nazionale finlandese del 4 novembre 1964. Viene convocato per la spedizione italiana ai successivi mondiali, quando ha già giocato dodici gare con la nazionale maggiore, disputando solo le prime due gare, la vittoria contro il Cile per 2-0 nella rivincita della battaglia di Santiago del 13 luglio 1966 al Roker Park di Sunderland e la sconfitta per 1-0 contro la nazionale sovietica del 16 luglio nello stesso stadio. Ai successivi vittoriosi campionati europei del 1968 fu invece sempre presente, il 20 aprile nella vittoria contro la Bulgaria per 2-0 a Napoli, sempre a Napoli nella semifinale contro la nazionale sovietica del 5 giugno decisa dal sorteggio e nelle due finali contro la nazionale jugoslava di Roma, dell'8 e del 10 giugno, quando gli azzurri prima pareggiarono 1-1 e poi vinsero per 2-0. Al successivo campionato mondiale 1970 in Messico realizza il suo secondo gol con gli Azzurri, il momentaneo pareggio per 2-2 della semifinale Italia-Germania Ovest (4-3, la "Partita del secolo"). Per la gara disputata, Gianni Brera gli diede nella pagella 9+. In finale, sarà poi sovrastato nello stacco da Pelé che realizzerà il gol del momentaneo 1-0 nella partita che il Brasile vincerà 4-1. Lasciò la nazionale dopo la sconfitta contro la rappresentativa polacca, in una gara valida per la fase finale dei Mondiali del 1974, durante la quale subì un infortunio quando la partita era ancora sullo 0-0.Delle 66 presenze in azzurro, 58 le ha disputate a fianco di Giacinto Facchetti: 45 nel duo difensivo "Burgnich-Facchetti"; 13 da "libero", ruolo che ha lasciato poi allo stesso Facchetti; mentre in un'occasione ha sostituito nel ruolo il compagno di squadra, nel 1966, contro l'Austria.
Thomas Morgenstern (Austria, salto con gli sci): si laurea bi-campione olimpico sul trampolino grande, vincendo sia l'oro individuale sia quello a squadre.
Nel 2005 la nuova formazione si presenta al Festival di Sanremo con il brano Grido d'amore, va in finale e ottiene un terzo posto nella categoria gruppi. Curiosamente Antonella Ruggiero, che partecipa alla manifestazione come solista, vince nella categoria donne. Subito dopo esce l'album Profili svelati con il brano sanremese e altri inediti.
Powell è stata anche ospite regolare di trasmissioni e speciali televisivi in Australia registrati durante una tournée compiuta per una serie di concerti in nightclub. Negli anni settanta è comparsa in tre film per la televisione.
Campionato spagnolo: 2 Athletic Club: 1982-1983, 1983-1984 Coppa di Spagna: 1 Athletic Club: 1984 Supercoppa di Spagna: 1 Athletic Club: 1985
Nel frattempo a Milano Bandiera e Colaninno hanno annunciato che la tendenza delle vendite è in aumento e quest'anno Guzzi punterà a 11.000 moto immatricolate, 1000 in più dello scorso anno.
Kikyo indossa un hakama di un rosso acceso, che include anche la piccola parte un po' più rialzata posta sulla parte bassa della schiena.Tabi
Česká televize trasmette in Repubblica Ceca e per l'occasione ha inaugurato, proprio il giorno della cerimonia d'apertura, il nuovo canale sportivo ČT4.Eurosport trasmette poi in diverse lingue in tutta Europa la manifestazione. La BBC inoltre ha trasmesso i giochi via internet nel Regno Unito.
Dopo essere stati in tour per le università inglesi nel 2007 i Ting Tings firmano un contratto con la Columbia Records, che produce il singolo Great DJ nel 2008, il quale ottiene un ottimo successo radiofonico in diversi paesi in Europa, ed anticipa il loro album di debutto We Started Nothing, che viene pubblicato il 18 maggio, in contemporanea con un nuovo singolo That's Not My Name e Shut Up and Let Me Go, che porta il gruppo al numero uno nel Regno Unito.
Alla scadenza del suo primo contratto, con la Universal, verso la fine del 1945, Powell fu scritturata dalla Metro che volle promuoverla come versione giovanile di un'altra attrice all'epoca in auge, Kathryn Grayson. Il suo primo impegno su il musical Vacanze al Messico (1946). Ma lo charme di Powell ebbe modo di risaltare ancor più evidente nel film successivo, Three Daring Daughters, in cui recitava accanto a Jeanette MacDonald, che la prese ben volentieri sotto la sua ala protettrice.
È del 1973 un nuovo cambio di gestione societaria: il gruppo De Tomaso Industries Inc., proprietario anche della Benelli, acquisisce la proprietà della società e Alejandro De Tomaso assume la direzione della costruzione. Si distinguono due linee di produzione, modelli turistici, tra cui la California (1974) famosa in tutto il mondo, e moto da prestazioni di più alto livello come Le Mans, Daytona e Centauro.
L-lisina + O2 + H2O ⇄ 6-amino-2-ossoesanoato + NH3 + H2O2L'enzima agisce anche, più lentamente, su L-ornitina, L-fenilalanina, L-arginina and L-istidina.
Parrocchiale di Bonavigo - XX secoloLa vecchia chiesa e la parrocchia è ricordata dal papa Eugenio III in una bolla: Curtem Bonadigui cum ecclesiis et decimis. La chiesa di Bonavigo diventò Pieve col Cappellano nel 1526, unita per fornire le decime a Sant'Angelo in monte di Verona. La vecchia chiesa di Bonavigo fu distrutta da bombardamenti degli alleati pochi giorni prima della Liberazione. I bombardamenti, che avevano come obiettivo il ponte sull'Adige, al fine di bloccare l'esercito tedesco già in rotta, distrussero tutto il centro di Bonavigo con tutti i simboli civici, la chiesa, il municipio, le scuole e molte delle case anche storiche del paese. La nuova chiesa fu ricostruita a centinaia di metri dalla vecchia dieci anni dopo dalla fine della guerra nel 1955 su disegno dell'architetto Paolo De Rossi.
Kagome Higurashi, miko proprio come Kikyo, rappresenta la reincarnazione dello spirito di Kikyo ai giorni nostri. L'Albero del Tempo (Goshinboku) si trova nel suo cortile, così come il vecchio pozzo mangia-ossa, che diventa il portale tra il suo mondo e l'era Sengoku, che si può datare approssimativamente a circa cinquecento anni fa. Si dimostra in grado di liberare Inuyasha dall'albero al quale era stato sigillato da Kikyo ed ha il potere di purificare la Sfera, mentre le sue armi sono arco e frecce.
Dalla fine degli anni '80 il gruppo avvia un rapporto di collaborazione e di vera sinergia con la storica etichetta del Valdarno Materiali Sonori dei fratelli Giampiero e Arlo Bigazzi e con essa continua fino ad oggi un proficuo e stimolante connubio.
Sharma, K., Rahmani, A. R. and Chundawat, R. S. (2005). Ecology and Distribution of Four-horned antelope in India: Final Report. Bombay Natural History Society.
Da bambino Nataniele viene ammonito dalla tata con la minaccia del Mago Sabbiolino (l'Uomo della Sabbia) che va dai bambini che non dormono e butta loro la sabbia negli occhi, facendoli cadere sanguinanti, per poi portarli in pasto alle sue creature dal becco affilato. Nataniele identifica prima il Mago Sabbiolino con Coppelius, amico del padre e forse causa della sua morte (ritenuta accidentale) poi, da ragazzo, con Coppola, venditore ambulante di occhiali dal quale compra un binocolo che userà per spiare Olimpia, sua vicina di casa. In realtà Olimpia è un automa creato dal dottor Spallanzani e dall'ottico Coppola. Nataniele finisce in manicomio, poi, una volta guarito, torna da Clara, la fidanzata. Prima di trasferirsi in un podere fuori città assieme alla madre, a Clara e a Lotario, il di lei fratello, salito in cima ad un campanile con la fidanzata, tenta di buttarla giù in preda al panico per aver visto il viso della ragazza attraverso il binocolo acquistato da Coppola. La ragazza si salva, ma Nataniele si butta giù delirante, morendo sul colpo, proprio come avvisa al pubblico atterrito sulla piazza il sinistro Coppelius, spettatore della scena.
La città è ricca di musei e gallerie d'arte. Tra i più importanti musei del settore scientifico, storico e tecnico, troviamo il "Brooklyn Museum" e l'"Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum", quest'ultimo ospitato su un'autentica portaerei ormeggiata nella baia di Manhattan. L'"American Museum of Natural History" è uno dei più grandi musei di storia naturale del mondo. Disposto su cinque piani copre quasi interamente l'intera storia dell'umanità dall'età della pietra all'era spaziale. La collezione è così vasta che conta più di 30 milioni di campioni e reperti, tra cui lo Star of India (uno zaffiro da 563 carati) e molti scheletri di dinosauri.
La famiglia Pasquini fonda nel 1932, a Villa Basilica (LU), un'azienda cartaria che porterà alla fondazione di Cartiera Lucchese nel 1953 (fabbricazione di carte monolucide per imballaggi flessibili).
All'estremità meridionale dell'isola di Murano sorge la ex-chiesa di Santa Chiara le cui origini risalgono al 1231. Inizialmente questo complesso religioso era intitolato a San Nicolò ed era detto "della Torre" perché vi era piazzato nel mezzo, una torre di guardia. Inizialmente documentato come convento agostiniano, nel XII secolo il monastero figura fra gli insediamenti religiosi del patriarcato di Aquileia. Ai monaci agostiniani succedono dapprima le monache benedettine le quali, a causa della loro condotta giudicata scandalosa, vennero sostituite dalle suore francescane di Santa Chiara, che non solo diedero il nome alla chiesa ma avviarono agli inizi del' 500 il restauro della Chiesa.
(EN) Thaddäus Zajaczkowski: Johann Anton von Mikulicz-Radecki (1850–1905) – a pioneer of gastroscopy and modern surgery: his credit to urology. In: World Journal of Urology, 26 (2008), S. 75–86
In questo periodo mette in atto altre tecniche antisettiche, come l'introduzione di mascherine per naso e bocca e obbliga al silenzio durante le operazioni chirurgiche. Sebbene molto contestato, introduce l'uso di guanti di cotone sterili, per prevenire infezioni e per proteggere il chirurgo; introduce l'obbligo di una pulizia accurata per mezzo di sapone o alcol, con i quali si doveva preparare anche la sala operatoria.
Il periodo migliore per la sua osservazione nel cielo serale ricade nei mesi compresi fra fine ottobre e aprile; nell'emisfero nord è visibile anche per un periodo maggiore, grazie alla declinazione boreale della stella, mentre nell'emisfero sud può essere osservata limitatamente durante i mesi dell'estate australe.
Nelle zone frequentate dagli uomini, diventano fiduciose e si lasciano avvicinare anche a pochi metri. Se catturate possono ricorrere all'autotomia, liberandosi della coda (la quale ricrescerà comunque in seguito).
Johannes per insegnare a nuotare a Wilhelm - cosa espressamente vietata perché il ragazzo ha subito un trauma - provoca un incidente e Wilhelm resta in preda alle allucinazioni. Mentre il direttore pensa se punire Johannes, gli altri ragazzi - per sostenerlo - formano in giardino la frase Testa in alto, Johannes.
New York è una città marittima, ma il suo clima ha spiccate caratteristiche di continentalità, analogamente al resto della fascia costiera atlantica degli Stati Uniti nordorientali.
Inizialmente disputato sui campi d'erba di Kooyong il torneo rischiò di scadere nell'irrilevanza, ma venne rivitalizzato negli anni ottanta con lo spostamento a Melbourne Park. La superficie dei nuovi campi diventa così il cemento.
Oggi la produzione è diversificata nelle diverse gamme custom, naked, sport, enduro, touring, tutte caratterizzate dal motore bicilindrico a V di 90° longitudinale raffreddato ad aria, con trasmissione finale a cardano.
Il gruppo produce carta di bassa grammatura per imballaggi flessibili e prodotti tissue in pura cellulosa e carta disinchiostrata, a logo Lucart, Grazie, Tenderly, Tutto, Fato, Velo, Smile o per private labels. Inoltre produce la materia prima per l'industria cartotecnica (sacchetti, carte da regalo, carte accoppiate a polietilene e alluminio, carte paraffinate). È il principale produttore europeo di carte monolucide sottili per imballaggi flessibili e tra i primi dieci di carta per uso igienico.Molto popolare la produzione di carta ecologica per la casa (tovaglioli, fazzoletti, carta igienica) a marchio Grazie Natural.
Il figlio maggiore di re Abd Allah, il principe Khalid, è stato Vice Comandante della Guardia Nazionale fino al 1992. Il suo secondo figlio, il principe Mutaib, è l'ex comandante e attuale ministro della guardia nazionale. Sua madre è Munira Al Otaishan. Mishaal è stato governatore della Provincia della Mecca dal 2013 al 2015. Il principe Abd al-Aziz è stato suo consigliere sui rapporti con la Siria ed è vice ministro degli affari esteri dal 2011. Il principe Faysal è a capo della Mezzaluna Rossa Saudita. Il settimo figlio, il principe Turki, già pilota dell'aeronautica militare, è stato governatore della provincia di Riyad dal 2014 al 2015. Il figlio più giovane, Badr, è nato nel 2003, quando Abd Allah aveva circa 79 anni.
Emilio Cigoli in Il ritratto di Dorian Gray, Il fantasma e la signora Muir, Ambra, Eva contro Eva, La conquistatrice, Ivanhoe, Viaggio in Italia, Quel certo non so che, Quel tipo di donna, Salomone e la regina di Saba, Il villaggio dei dannati, I figli del capitano Grant, Uno sparo nel buio, Le avventure e gli amori di Moll Flanders, La casa dei sette camini, Il cigno nero, Il disonesto, Inferno nel deserto, Nelle tenebre della metropoli, La spia dei lancieri, Il ventaglio, Come prima meglio di prima, Quasi una truffa, La crociera del terrore, Il diabolico avventuriero, Quando la città dorme, Riccardo Cuor di Leone, Appuntamento col disonore, Ti ho visto uccidere e nelle riedizioni di I Lloyds di Londra, Il mercante di schiavi e Follia.
Questa assemblea era accessibile a tutti i cittadini in quanto non richiedeva alcuna competenza specifica; ciò, assieme all'espansione della flotta e alla politica democratica radicale di Pericle, comportò un incremento della partecipazione politica dei ceti più bassi della popolazione e fu probabilmente una delle cause dell'introduzione del misthos: una retribuzione fissa assegnata a chi ricopriva una carica pubblica (tra cui l'Elelia) che permetteva di assentarsi dal lavoro per lunghi periodi di tempo.
Cain inizia la sua carriera nelle arti marziali miste subito dopo il college, entrando nella American Kickboxing Academy. Velasquez è una cintura marrone nel Guerrilla Jiu-Jitsu e un wrestler della prima divisione NCAA. Ha ottenuto importanti vittorie contro Cheick Kongo, Ben Rothwell, Antônio Rodrigo Nogueira, Brock Lesnar.
Il lunedì dopo la domenica si svolge l'antica e rinomata fiera del bestiame. È la più' antica e frequentata festa paesana di tutto il basso veronese. Essa attira numerosi fedeli e devoti alla madonna. L'immagine della Madonna di S. Tommaso con in braccio il bambin Gesù è visibile su una pala dell'XI secolo presso l'omonimo santuario.
Solo i mastri vetrai, fra i non nobili, potevano sposare figlie di patrizi. La Repubblica infatti, emanò un decreto, in seguito ai disordini avvenuti nel Maggior Consiglio di Murano, che dichiarava cittadini muranesi solamente coloro i quali fossero nati nell'isola o avessero acquistato immobili nella stessa. Nel 1602, il podestà Barbarigo, nel censire gli isolani, ricorse alla compilazione di un Libro d'Oro. L'iter per ottenere l'iscrizione non era né semplice né breve e infatti avveniva solamente mediante il consenso della Repubblica. Chi non risultava iscritto non poteva svolgere alcun tipo di lavoro in vetreria, non partecipava ai consigli e non usufruiva di tutti gli altri privilegi concessi ai cittadini muranesi.
Anche se alcune fonti affermano che la NASA abbia questa frase come proprio motto, la voce è infondata. In realtà la frase è presente su una piastra commemorativa dell'Apollo 1, ma scritta invertita, cioè Ad astra per aspera.
Mikulicz viene descritto da un suo assistente come piuttosto basso, magro, con occhi azzurri e con una vistosa scottatura. Dall'andatura sciolta, con i piedi rivolti all'esterno, aveva un tic facciale e un accento provinciale. Era un uomo introverso e mancava di senso dell'umorismo.
All'egregio signore Odoardo Bassi segretario del municipio di Bazzano nel giorno del suo matrimonio colla gentile signorina Alfonsa Mazzocchi di Persiceto: 14 novembre 1885
Negli anni settanta sotto la presidenza di José Ángel Zalba i giocatori vennero soprannominati "Los Zaraguayos" in riferimento ai molti uruguayani e paraguayani che militavano nel club come Saturnino Arrúa, considerato il leader della squadra. In questo periodo il Real Saragozza raggiunse le migliori posizioni di sempre nella Liga senza mai riuscire però a vincerla.
Allo stesso tempo, un gruppo di bambini di strada cercano un tetto dove passare la notte e trovano un fienile di proprietà di Joaquin Maza. A partire da questo momento, le due storie si intrecceranno. Ancora di più con l'arrivo di Pia, fidanzata di Juan, la figlia Natalia e la tata Elsa. Gli orfani conosceranno anche Ana, la nuova istruttrice.
I settori "creativi" (design, studi d'architettura, moda) come quelli legati all'alta tecnologia ed alla ricerca (soprattutto medica) costituiscono un altro settore in rapida crescita.
Fra le sitcom ambientate a New York possiamo citare: Friends, La tata, Brooklyn Nine Nine, I Robinson, Spin City, Will & Grace, How I Met Your Mother, Seinfeld, I maghi di Waverly, Ugly Betty, Angels in America, 30 Rock, Jessie e Girl Meets World.
La contrazione Augusta per Angusta viene utilizzata come motto di Gustavo Adolfo II nella traccia Lion from the north dell'album Carolus Rex della band svedese Sabaton.
Powell non ha abbandonato il mondo dello spettacolo. Anzi, fa parte del Board of Trustees per l'Actors' Fund of America, associazione per la tutela degli attori statunitensi. Continua a recitare apparendo come guest star in serial televisivi (nel 2002, ad esempio, in un episodio di Law & Order: Special Victims Unit).
Ritorna Mili e segue le orme di Belen. Farà di tutto per sconfiggere Lidia e in quest'ottica si fa assumere come bidella con il nome di Greta. Riceve aiuto nella sua missione da parte di Enzo, Renzo e Ramiro. Ad un certo punto, Lidia scopre le vere intenzioni di Mili e Ramiro e lega ad alcune sedie i due e manda i bambini al "Hogar de las Sombras". Ramiro riesce a fuggire, liberando anche Mili. Lidia farà di tutto per mettere i bastoni fra le ruote, ma verrà arrestata. Però, rivela a Ramiro che ha piazzato esplosivi nell'orfanotrofio. Il ragazzo corre verso l'abitazione per farla evacuare, ma Tali si accorge che mancano Agustín e Mili; Ramiro torna dentro e, mentre corrono fuori, la casa esplode. Appare così Belen come una luce nel cielo e dice che "Rincon de Luz" esisterà per sempre.
Nel 2010 i Ting Tings hanno dichiarato di essere al lavoro per un nuovo album, e che sarebbero state le città di Parigi e Berlino a dare loro l'ispirazione. L'11 ottobre 2010 decidono di dare un'anticipazione del loro nuovo album pubblicando il singolo Hands, che ottiene risultati discreti; il brano entrerà successivamente anche nella colonna sonora nel videogioco FIFA 12.
Come disegnatore e pittore la sua indipendenza e il suo gusto della satira gli causano più volte serie noie presso i suoi superiori, di cui non esita a fare una caricatura.
Sorsero, tuttavia, presto dei contrasti tra gli enti locali coinvolti nei lavori di preparazione, e per comporre le controversie nel 2003 fu costituita una "cabina di regia" con rappresentanti di TOROC, Agenzia, città di Torino, Provincia di Torino, Regione Piemonte e CONI, coordinata dal presidente della Regione Piemonte Enzo Ghigo.
Abd Allah è nato il 1º agosto 1924 a Riyad, decimo figlio di re ʿAbd al-ʿAzīz. La madre, Fahda bint Asi Al Shuraim, era membro della dinastia Al Rashid, da molto tempo rivali degli Al Sa'ud, in quanto il suo primo marito è stato Sa'ud bin Abd al-Aziz Al Rashid. Ella discendeva dalla potente tribù Shammar ed era la figlia dell'ex capo tribù Asi Shuraim. È morta quando Abd Allah aveva sei anni. Ha avuto due sorelle germane minori: Nūf e Seeta.Madawi Al-Rasheed sostiene che le sue radici materne e un difetto di pronuncia hanno portato a ritardare la sua ascesa a uno status elevato tra i figli del primo monarca.
Nel 1985 pubblica l'album È piazza del Campo, che si discosta dalle sonorità dei dischi precedenti e che porta avanti una maggiore ricerca sonora, a cui fa seguito, nel 1987, Venere che contiene il brano Madonna di Venere presentato a Sanremo lo stesso anno con un successo inferiore a quello delle due passate partecipationi alla kermesse sanremese; l'anno precedente partecipa invece come autore della canzone L'uomo di ieri, interpretata da Paola Turci, che Castelnuovo (che nel disco della cantante esegue i cori nel finale) eseguirà solamente dal vivo senza mai incidere.
Celebri sono sicuramente i taxi di colore giallo, disponibili a tutte le ore del giorno e della notte. I prezzi di una corsa in taxi non sono particolarmente elevati.
Dopo dodici anni all'Inter, complice l'infortunio subito durante i mondiali tedeschi del 1974 i dirigenti della squadra lombarda credono che sia ormai un calciatore finito. Venne a sapere solo da Francesco Janich, all'epoca dirigente del Napoli, di essere stato trasferito alla squadra campana; chiuse quindi la carriera indossando la maglia azzurra. Qui, dopo un iniziale problema con le tattiche dell'allora suo allenatore Luis Vinicio, è titolare inamovibile (nel ruolo di libero), disputando tutte le gare delle sue prime due stagioni e saltando solo sei gare nella sua ultima stagione di carriera, dalla tredicesima del 16 gennaio 1977 alla diciottesima del 27 febbraio 1977. Durante la sua permanenza con i partenopei la squadra sfiorò la conquista dello scudetto nella stagione 1974-1975, quando la squadra arrivò seconda a due punti dalla Juventus vincitrice del campionato. L'anno successivo i campani conquistarono la Coppa Italia, battendo con lui in campo il Verona allo Stadio Olimpico di Roma il 29 giugno 1976 per 4-0; in questo trofeo segnò la sua unica rete con gli azzurri, nell'edizione 1975-1976, nella vittoria contro la Fiorentina per 1-0. Vinse inoltre nella stagione 1976-1977 la Coppa di Lega Italo-Inglese, giocandovi entrambe le partite, a Southampton contro la squadra locale il 21 settembre 1976 dove i padroni di casa s'imposero per 1-0 e a Napoli il 14 novembre dello stesso anno, quando nella gara di ritorno i campani vinsero per 4-0. Lo stesso anno, il Napoli raggiunse per la prima volta la semifinale in una competizione europea, la Coppa delle Coppe, venendo eliminato dall'Anderlecht.
Il titolo ha diversi significati. "Stardust", ossia "polvere di stelle" è in genere riferito a ciò che resta del successo. Inoltre, verso l'inizio del film si vede che "Stardust" è il nome dell'hotel nei cui locali viene presentata la rassegna. Verso la fine però, mentre Sandy crede di stare morendo e si interroga sul significato della sua vita, è il ricordo di un particolare momento con Dorrie, accompagnato dalla canzone di Louis Armstrong Stardust, che gli fornisce la risposta.
Inoltre, Mikulicz incoraggia la chirurgia sperimentale, studia le influenze della temperatura corporea sulla circolazione cerebrale e inventa tavoli operatori riscaldati.
Nel 1991 parte la riscossa di Boris Becker, alla sua prima vittoria in terra australiana, che batte Ivan Lendl, alla sua diciannovesima e ultima finale in uno Slam.
Il 9 luglio 1998 muore Aldo Stellita: fondatore, bassista e autore della maggior parte dei testi delle canzoni del gruppo. Pochi mesi dopo anche Laura Valente e Sergio Cossu lasciano definitivamente il gruppo; queste uscite determinano la temporanea "fine" dei Matia Bazar dopo la scomparsa di Aldo.
Nell'ottobre del 1984 entra in formazione il tastierista Sergio Cossu. Nello stesso anno, il gruppo partecipa al Festival di Tokyo con il brano Cercami ancora. Nel 1985 i Matia Bazar sono al Festival di Sanremo con Souvenir, che vince il Premio della Critica e anticipa l'uscita dell'album Melanchólia (titolo che lo scrittore, filosofo e caposcuola dell'esistenzialismo Jean Paul Sartre voleva originariamente dare al suo capolavoro La Nausea).
La versione delle Dolls è uscita il 23 gennaio 2007 come singolo digitale scaricabile tramite iTunes. Right Now è il primo singolo delle Dolls che hanno pubblicato avallando un prodotto o uno spettacolo. A partire dal febbraio 2007 Right Now è stato utilizzato come sigla alternativa su NBA sull'ABC negli Stati Uniti. Per la versione della NBA i testi sono stati leggermente rielaborati (probabilmente dalla leader delle Dolls Nicole Scherzinger). Nella versione originale dell'album Carmit Bachar canta la seconda strofa. La nuova versione è interamente cantata dalla Scherzinger.
Nei giorni dedicati alla festa si svolgono parecchie attività religiose, mostre, manifestazioni e spettacoli di vario genere. Vengono allestite le "Baracche" destinate al ristoro e alla degustazione dei piatti tipici tradizionali del Basso veronese. In particolare il menù della tradizione prevede rigorosamente il risotto "alla Veneta" con utilizzo di Riso Vialone Nano IGP, Cotechino e Anitra arrosto. I vini che accompagnano i piatti tipici sono il "Soave DOC", il " Merlara DOC", " il Merlot", il bianco " Garganega" e gli immancabili "Crinton" e " Torbolin".
Kreisleriana. Dolori musicali del direttore d'orchestra Giovanni Kreisler, traduzione di Rosina Pisaneschi, introduzione di Claudio Magris, Rizzoli, Milano, 1984.
L'anno dopo Castelnuovo partecipa al Festival di Sanremo 1982 con Sette fili di canapa, brano che dà anche il titolo al suo primo album, ancora prodotto da Minghi, e che riscuote un discreto successo. Nel panorama festivaliero creano un certo scompiglio i versi del brano di Castelnuovo che recita: "C'erano sette Cristi a Follonica ed un ateo sul Sinai bivaccava e aspettava", oltre al riferimento alla canapa. Il testo viene attentamente vagliato, ma poi eseguito senza censure. Racconta Castelnuovo stesso: "Il successo di Oceania mi aprì le porte di Sanremo. Era il 1982, ero convinto di andare al festival semplicemente a presentare una cosa nuova all'interno di una rassegna dove questo genere di proposte non erano molto ben viste. La Rai minacciò perfino di bloccarmi la canzone, credevano che parlasse di droga, si presentarono i carabinieri in albergo e io dovetti spiegare riga per riga il significato del testo…".Nell'estate del 1982 Castelnuovo effettua il suo primo tour, insieme ad altri due artisti di etichette distribuite dall'RCA Italiana, Marco Ferradini e Goran Kuzminac: per il lancio della tournée viene pubblicato un Q Disc dei tre artisti, contenente un brano, Oltre il giardino, cantato insieme ed altri tre cantati singolarmente; la canzone di Castelnuovo è Perché non sorridi?.
I campionati del mondo di triathlon del 2017 sono consistiti in una serie di otto gare di Campionati del mondo che hanno condotto alla Gran Finale di Rotterdam, (Paesi Bassi) nel mese di settembre del 2017.
Hoffmann si crea molti amici a Bamberga, tra i quali, degni di nota, sono il dottor Marcus, un uomo colto, il dottor Speyer che lo interroga sui suoi squilibri mentali, e un mercante di vino, Karl Friedrich Kunz, che diventerà il suo primo editore.
Nel 2010 viene presentata la Moto Guzzi Nevada Anniversario, per celebrare i 90 anni della casa. Il motore è un bicilindrico a V con i.e. di 744 di cm³. Esce anche la versione Racer della V7.
Poiché lo Stato di New York, soprattutto grazie all'elettorato di New York, assegna ampie maggioranze ai Democratici nelle elezioni nazionali, molti osservatori ritengono che la città conti poco nelle elezioni presidenziali. Essa, comunque, è la più importante fonte di finanziamenti alla politica di tutti gli Stati Uniti. Dei cinque codici d'avviamento postale più generosi nei contributi, quattro sono a Manhattan. Il più generoso in assoluto è il 10021, nell'Upper East Side e, nella campagna presidenziale del 2000, è stato il principale finanziatore sia per George W. Bush sia per Al Gore.
Anche l'industria televisiva si è sviluppata a New York fornendo un importante ruolo nell'economia cittadina. Quattro importati reti televisive hanno sede in città: ABC, CBS, Fox e NBC. Molti canali via cavo hanno qui sede come MTV, Fox News, HBO e Comedy Central. Nel 2005, ci sono stati più di 100 spettacoli televisivi registrati a New York. La città di New York, per mezzo della società NYC Media Group, gestisce un servizio pubblico di trasmissione, NYCTV, che ha prodotto diversi spettacoli vincitori di un Grammy Award, che coprono la musica e la cultura dei quartieri della città e notizie sulla amministrazione locale.
Giacinto Diano (detto anche Giacinto Diana) iniziò la sua attività pittorica presso la bottega di Francesco De Mura (Napoli 1696-1782), che influenzò le sue opere giovanili. Nel maggio dei 1752, il ventunenne Diano lasciò definitivamente Pozzuoli per stabilirsi a Napoli, che allora viveva un periodo di grande splendore artistico e culturale per la presenza dell'illuminato re Carlo III di Borbone.
Durante il 1810 il teatro di Bamberga è in piena attività e sotto la direzione di Franz Holbein lo scrittore vi svolge un intenso lavoro di regista, assistente alla regia, scenografo e drammaturgo. È in questo periodo che Hoffmann dà vita, sulle pagine della Allgemeine musikalische Zeitung, al personaggio di Johannes Kreisler. Tra il 1811 e il 1812 l'amore per Julia Marc è ormai diventato una passione travolgente, tanto da creargli dei gravi problemi con la moglie. Nel 1812 Holbein si dimette e Hoffmann va incontro a un nuovo periodo di ristrettezze. L'anno successivo assume l'incarico di direttore musicale nella compagnia teatrale di Joseph Seconda, le cui rappresentazioni avvengono nelle città di Lipsia e Dresda; nei pressi di quest'ultima avrà luogo, il 26 e 27 di agosto del 1813, una battaglia della guerra di liberazione dal dominio napoleonico (guerra della Sesta coalizione), la stessa che fornirà l'argomento per il racconto breve Visione sul campo di battaglia di Dresda.
Sempre all'interno della fabbrica è presente una rivendita di accessori, vestiario e tutto ciò che riguarda il mondo Moto Guzzi e, da quest'anno, una sala di proiezione video.
La Thuile (La Tchoueuille in patois valdostano; Porta Littoria durante il fascismo dal 1939 al 1946) è un comune italiano situato nel vallone di La Thuile, valle laterale della Valle d'Aosta. È il comune più occidentale della regione Valle d'Aosta ed è una rinomata stazione turistica invernale.
Negli anni 2000 ci sono stati 6 vincitori diversi, sia tra gli uomini che tra le donne. Il protagonista nella prima metà del decennio è Andre Agassi, tre volte vincitore nel 2000, 2001 e 2003. Nel 2000 a contendergli la vittoria sarà ancora Evgenij Kafel'nikov, alla sua seconda finale consecutiva, ma Andre, perso il primo set, conquista la vittoria vincendo gli altri parziali.
Esperto ed originale compositore, scambia nel 1805 il suo terzo nome, Wilhelm, con quello di Amadeus in onore a Mozart, suo modello, e diventa compositore. È così l'autore di numerose opere (undici in tutto) e in particolare di Undine, tratta dal racconto omonimo del suo amico Friedrich de la Motte Fouqué, ma anche di composizioni vocali e corali, musiche di scena, una sinfonia, una ouverture e varia musica da camera. I suoi racconti e i suoi personaggi ispirarono inoltre le composizioni di altri musicisti, dai Kreisleriana di Robert Schumann ai Racconti di Hoffmann di Jacques Offenbach, fino a La sposa sorteggiata di Ferruccio Busoni. Alla fiaba Schiaccianoci e il re dei topi si rifece il musicista russo Pyotr Ilyic Ciajkovskij per la creazione (nel 1891) del suo celebre balletto Lo Schiaccianoci.
Ha raggiunto un gran successo specialmente in Argentina, Brasile e Israele, con più di un milione di album venduti e un milione di spettatori alle rappresentazioni teatrali oltre che per aver vinto un Premio Martín Fierro nel 1997, 1998 e nel 1999.
Hora Svatého Šebestiána (in tedesco Sankt Sebastiansberg) è un comune della Repubblica Ceca facente parte del distretto di Chomutov, nella regione di Ústí nad Labem.
Nel luglio dell'anno 1800, il corpo del giovanissimo martire fu trasferito nella chiesa madre del paese di Bonito (AV) dal padre domenicano Luigi Vincenzo Cassito che lo donò alla locale arciconfraternita della Buona Morte. La salma venne deposta in un'urna dorata collocata sulla parete destra della chiesa. Accanto venne posta l'antica lapide tratta dalla sepoltura originaria.
Cloud Atlas è stato sostenuto finanziariamente dalle compagnie tedesche A Company e X Filme, e Variety ha riportato, a maggio 2011, che il budget di produzione sfiorava i 140 000 000 di dollari. Il progetto ha ricevuto finanziamenti dalla Filmstiftung NRW, un'altra organizzazione tedesca. Grazie ad alcuni accorgimenti finanziari il budget è stato ridotto a 100 000 000 di dollari. Le riprese sono iniziate il 16 settembre 2011 per concludersi a dicembre dello stesso anno.
Oltre alle decine di chiese minori presenti nella città, si possono citare la Saint Paul's Chapel, uno dei pochi edifici di epoca coloniale rimasti nella città, la Grace Church, benché fuori dai comuni circuiti turistici è considerata uno dei migliori esempi di architettura neogotica sacra della città, e Saint George's Episcopal Church in stile neoromanico, che fu di importanza fondamentale nella diffusione del Gospel nella liturgia delle comunità afroamericane.
New York (AFI: /njuˈjɔrk/, in inglese americano [nuː ˈjɔɹk], in italiano conosciuta anche come Nuova York) è una città degli Stati Uniti d'America. Viene detta New York City per distinguerla dall'omonimo Stato federato.
La New York Public Library è la terza più grande biblioteca dell'America del Nord. È gestita privatamente, da una associazione senza scopo di lucro con una missione pubblica, che opera sia con finanziamenti pubblici che privati.
(DE) E.T.A. Hoffmann-Gesellschaft e. V. Sito tedesco della Società E.T.A. Hoffmann e. V. e della casa-museo dello scrittore a Bamberga (con possibilità di consultazione in varie lingue tra cui l'Italiano).
La serie è stata stroncata dalla critica che ritiene che il programma ha contenuti non adatti ai bambini e per avere una cattiva qualità. Anche l'idea dell'orfanotrofio con bambini ben vestiti è stata giudicata in mal modo. Il finale della quinta stagione, in cui i personaggi adulti muoiono e gli orfani vengono adottati da "Hogar de las Sombras" è considerata "tutt'altro che geniale", "traumatica" per i bambini e gli scrittori sono stati criticati per "incoerenza e ingiustificata crudeltà".
Malicorne (pubblicato anche con i titoli: Malicorne I o Colin) è il primo album dei Malicorne, pubblicato dalla Hexagone Records nel 1974. Il disco fu registrato nella primavera del 1974 all'Acusti Studios.
La Thuile è una nota località sciistica: grazie al collegamento con la località francese di La Rosière, l'Espace San Bernardo (denominato così dal 2004) vanta un comprensorio di 160 km composto da 80 piste per la pratica dello sci alpino servite da 38 impianti a fune, di cui 11 seggiovie, 1 CAB e 5 skilift, oltre ad una ventina di chilometri di piste per lo sci di fondo.
Sempre nel 1977 viene pubblicata la raccolta L'oro dei Matia Bazar, contenente l'inedito Solo tu, che raggiunge la vetta della classifica di vendita dei 45 giri con circa un milione di copie. Il singolo viene inciso anche in lingua spagnola e riceve un ottimo consenso sul mercato latino. Usando il brano, i Matia Bazar realizzano una pubblicità televisiva per la Tanara, nota marca di gelati. Nel 1978 il gruppo partecipa per la seconda volta consecutiva al Festival di Sanremo con ...E dirsi ciao vincendo la manifestazione. Pochi mesi dopo, pubblica l'album Semplicità.
Come nel resto della regione, anche in questo comune è diffuso il patois valdostano. Il patois di La Thuile, come quello di tutta la Valdigne, è quello più influenzato dalla lingua francese.
Monica Seles ottiene tre vittorie consecutive nel singolare femminile. La diciassettenne jugoslava conquista il titolo battendo: Jana Novotná nel 1991, la Fernandez nel 1992 e la Graf nel 1993. Dopo due anni di assenza dalla competizione a seguito dell'aggressione subita nel 1993, la Seles tornerà a vincere anche l'edizione del 1996, battendo Anke Huber in finale.
Nel marzo del 1981 Piero Cassano lascia la formazione e viene sostituito da Mauro Sabbione, che, grazie alle sue tastiere e composizioni, caratterizzerà il periodo elettronico del gruppo. Nello stesso anno viene pubblicato il singolo Fantasia, come anteprima e lancio dell'album Berlino, Parigi, Londra. Il 21 agosto 1982 il gruppo registra un concerto live a Misano Adriatico, trasmesso da Canale 5, dove presenta Fantasia e Io ti voglio adesso, duetta con Loredana Bertè (...E la luna bussò, C'è tutto un mondo intorno) e con Miguel Bosé (che partecipa in Solo tu).
Il successo ottenuto dal film le aprì nuove opportunità in una serie di musical di Joe Pasternak comprendente Così sono le donne (1948) a fianco dell'ex compagna di studi Elizabeth Taylor, e Nancy va a Rio (1950) con Ann Sothern. Assieme ad altre numerose star hollywoodiane, la ventenne Powell partecipò il 20 gennaio 1949 alla festa inaugurale del mandato presidenziale di Harry Truman. Alla Powell fu data quindi l'opportunità di danzare e cantare accanto a Fred Astaire, in Sua Altezza si sposa (1951), dove fu chiamata a rimpiazzare Judy Garland.
Nel 1996 la G.B.M. S.p.A., tornata in attivo dopo una drastica cura sotto il controllo della Finprogetti (cui la De Tomaso Industries Inc. aveva delegato la gestione nel 1994), cambia nuovamente ragione sociale tornando al vecchio nome di Moto Guzzi S.p.A. Finprogetti rileva una quota consistente e successivamente il controllo della De Tomaso Industries Inc. trasformandola in TRG - Trident Rowan Group Inc. Viene presentata al pubblico la V10 Centauro disegnata dalla Marabese Design, il cui strano design, un po' naked un po' cruiser, non ebbe mai un grande riscontro sul mercato italiano mentre in Belgio e Germania fu relativamente apprezzata.
L'isola del diavolo (Condemned ) è un film del 1929, diretto da Wesley Ruggles. Film tratto dal romanzo "Condamned to Devil's island" di Blair Niles, narra di un rapinatore che viene condannato ai lavori forzati sull'Isola del Diavolo dove ha sede una famigerata prigione. Lì incontra la moglie di un carceriere, tanto dolce lei quanto brutale lui.
Il 10 settembre 2009 l'IFFHS ha pubblicato la classifica dei migliori club europei del XX secolo e il Real Zaragoza si è classificato 37º.Secondo il Centro de Investigaciones Sociológicas (CIS) è la 7ª squadra per numero di tifosi di Spagna (2,7%),.
Le fermate sono indicate da linee gialle sul cordolo del marciapiede e da cartelli rossi e bianchi, ma dopo la mezzanotte si può chiedere al conducente di scendere in qualsiasi punto.
Le neureguline sono ligandi di recettori transmembrana espressi sulla superficie cellulare per l'attivazione di determinate vie di segnalazione intracellulare. Si tratta di proteine coinvolte nei meccanismi di crescita e differenziamento cellulare. Una loro malfunzione può essere correlata allo sviluppo di tumori.
La stella è conosciuta anche con il nome Mahasim, dall'arabo Arabic المِعْصَم al-micşam che significa "polso del cocchiere", nome utilizzato per indicare inoltre la stella η Aur (Eta Aurigae). Era conosciuta dagli astronomi della Cina feudale come 五車四 (la quarta stella della costellazione delle Cinque Carrozze).
A differenza di gran parte delle aree urbane statunitensi, la maggior parte degli abitanti di New York utilizza i mezzi pubblici anziché le automobili private; ciò è dovuto sia alla presenza di una buona ed efficiente rete di trasporto pubblico, sia grazie a disincentivi all'uso del mezzo privato, come gli elevati costi dei pedaggi e dei parcheggi e (come già accennato) il notevole traffico, soprattutto nelle ore di punta.
La vita delle bambine sarà aiutata da Belén Fraga, una giovane donna che vive con suo fratello Felipe "Piojo" e le amiche: Leticia (con la figlia Sol) e Clarita. Le tre lavorano in un'industria di Moran dove incontrano Martín, il figlio maggiore di Ramiro, di cui Belén si innamora, ma il padre non può permettere questa relazione in quanto lei appartiene ad un ceto inferiore. Nonostante ciò, entrambi hanno un obbiettivo in comune: cercar di fare trovare la vera identità di Mili.
Alla ripresa delle competizioni, nel 1949, Bruno Ruffo su Moto Guzzi 250 è il primo Campione del Mondo del neonato Campionato Mondiale di motociclismo.
Iscritta a 15 gran premi nel corso del campionato 1982, ottenne 5 punti frutto di un quinto posto (GP del Canada) con Marc Surer e tre sesti posti, due con Mauro Baldi e uno ancora con Surer.
L'idea centrale alla base di Stardust Memories è palesemente e dichiaratamente tratta da 8½ di Fellini, tanto che la critica americana stroncò il film proprio per questo smaccato riferimento pericolosamente vicino al plagio. Inoltre, la scena iniziale del film di Allen, è quella di un sogno in bianco e nero, come tutto il film, e come l'inizio del capolavoro felliniano dove Mastroianni sognava di volare. Il sogno del protagonista, infine, è un'altra citazione de Il silenzio (Tystnaden) di Ingmar Bergman, anch'esso un film del 1963, lo stesso anno di 8½. Analoghi temi felliniani e bergmaniani verranno poi ripresi da Allen - sulla falsariga di Stardust Memories - in un suo film successivo, Harry a pezzi.
(EN) John Clute, David Langford e Peter Nicholls (a cura di), E. T. A. Hoffmann, in The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction, III edizione online, 2011-2015.
I quattro imponenti speroni angolari a forma trapezoidale sono contornati, nella parte superiore, da caratteristiche merlature, nei cui interspazi venivano piazzate le bocche dell'artiglieria.
Gli atleti élite, uomini e donne, sono stati incoronati sulla base del punteggio finale attribuito dalla serie di gare dei campionati del mondo.
Il centro è però nominato per la prima volta solo nell'840, quando nel Pactum Lotharii si ricorda anche Amorianas. Se ne accenna poco dopo in Costantino Porfirogenito e Giovanni Diacono, mentre si elencano almeno dieci muranesi nella lista delle decime di Pietro II Orseolo (X-XI secolo). I documenti dei secoli XI e XII la descrivono come località di transito per il flusso migratorio proveniente da Torcello ed Equilio e diretto verso la nascente Venezia.
Bronx (Contea del Bronx, 1.397.287 abitanti), è l'unico distretto a trovarsi quasi interamente sulla terra ferma (fanno eccezione alcune isole minori). È delimitato a est dal Long Island Sound, a sud dall'East River e a ovest dall'estuario del fiume Hudson. Associato a immagini di povertà e violenza (che non corrispondono del tutto alla realtà dei fatti), è abitato per la maggior parte da immigrati dall'America latina e da loro discendenti, nonché da molti afro-americani. Non mancano, comunque, quartieri ad alto reddito, come Riverdale. Il Bronx è la culla della cultura hip hop e ospita lo stadio dei New York Yankees, lo Yankee Stadium.
Sul territorio bonavighese sono presenti alcune industrie per la lavorazione di ferro e plexiglas, come ad esempio la SAMO SpA, specializzata nella costruzione dei box doccia e accessori per bagno in genere, mentre l'attività artigianale è marginale e prevalentemente svolta in forma individuale.
Da allora non ci furono risultati di rilievo nelle competizioni europee e in campionato. Nel 2001 vinse la quinta Coppa del Re, sconfiggendo il Celta Vigo in finale. Nel 2002 retrocesse in Segunda división dopo 25 anni di permanenza nella Liga. Tornato prontamente in massima serie, vi è rimasto per altri sei anni.
Verso il finale del film, Sandy immagina di essere ucciso da un suo fan, che gli spara un colpo di pistola a bruciapelo dicendogli: «Sei il mio eroe». Questo anticipò tragicamente il reale omicidio di John Lennon da parte di un fan, avvenuto l'8 dicembre 1980, poche settimane dopo l'uscita del film nelle sale.
Durante il suo regno ha mantenuto strette relazioni con gli Stati Uniti d'America e il Regno Unito, da cui ha acquistato attrezzature di difesa per miliardi di dollari. Inoltre, ha dato alle donne il diritto di voto per i consigli comunali e il diritto a competere alle Olimpiadi. Abd Allah è praticamente riuscito a mantenere la status quo dopo le proteste avvenute nel paese, parte della primavera araba. Nel novembre 2013, un rapporto della BBC sosteneva che l'Arabia Saudita avrebbe potuto ottenere armi nucleari su volontà del Pakistan, alleato di lunga data del regno.Il re è sopravvissuto a due dei suoi principi ereditari. Il ministro dell'interno Nayef bin 'Abd al-'Aziz Al Sa'ud è stato nominato erede al trono alla morte del fratello Sultan nel mese di ottobre 2011, ma morì nel giugno 2012. Abd Allah ha quindi nominato il 76enne ministro della difesa, Salman, suo erede. Secondo vari rapporti, Abd Allah si è sposato circa 30 volte e ha avuto più di 35 figli. Il re aveva una fortuna personale stimata in circa 18 miliardi di dollari, ciò lo rendeva il terzo più ricco capo di Stato in tutto il mondo. È morto il 23 gennaio 2015, a 90 anni, dopo tre settimane di ricovero in ospedale per una polmonite. Gli è succeduto il fratellastro Salman.
L'unità fu varata nel 1778, ed entrò in servizio nell'Armata Grossa il 26 maggio dello stesso anno sotto il comando del Capitano ordinario Francesco Adorno. A partire dal 1783 l'unità venne costantemente impiegata contro i pirati barbareschi inquadrata nella flotta al comando dell'ammiraglio Angelo Emo.Promosso contrammiraglio nel 1787, Tommaso Condulmer alzò la sua insegna Sirena, ed al comando di una piccola squadra navale formata dalla fregate Pallade (c.v. Leonardo Correr), Sirena e Brillante, dallo sciabecco Cupido, e dalle galeotte Agile, Aletta, Azzardo, Comandante e Tisiffone, tra il 1787 e il 1792 eseguì numerose missioni nelle acque tra la Sardegna, Malta e la Tunisia. Nel 1788 l'armamento della nave fu modificato imbarcando 56 cannoni, 24 da 30 libbre, 24 da 14 e 8 da 12 mentre l'equipaggio venne portato a 400 uomini. Il 3 dicembre 1790 la Sirena ebbe un incidente di navigazione durante l'entrata notturna al porto di Cagliari. A causa del mare grosso la fregata si arenò verso l'imboccatura del ponte della Scaffa e poté essere salvata dopo tre giorni di duri lavori, sbarcando le artiglierie e le relative munizioni. Nel 1798 l'armamento della Sirena fu ulteriormente potenziato, arrivando a 64 cannoni, mentre l'equipaggio salì a 410 uomini, e la nave fu riclassificata come vascello di secondo rango.Promosso viceammiraglio, il Condulmer trasferì la sue insegna sul vascello da 70 cannoni Vittoria. Venuto a conoscenza della morte di Emo, avvenuta a Malta il 3 marzo 1792, partì immediatamente da Cagliari per questa destinazione, assumendo il comando della Armata Grossa di stanza a Corfù.La Sirena andò persa per naufragio al largo di Brindisi, durante una tempesta invernale, il 17 dicembre 1794.
Ambientata nell'immaginario All Saints Western General Hospital di Sydney, la serie segue le vicende del Reparto 17 fino alla sua chiusura nel 2004, per poi seguire le vicende del personale del Pronto Soccorso.
Festa della Madonna di San TommasoSi svolge sulla sponda dell'Adige, ogni anno la prima domenica dopo l'8 settembre. I festeggiamenti durano parecchi giorni e si concludono con la tradizionale serata dell'anitra e con l'esplosione di fuochi artificiali sull'acqua accompagnati da musiche classiche e moderne.
4 Osman, 5 Güler, 6 Ermiş, 7 Akyol, 8 Hersek, 9 Preldžič, 10 Tunçeri, 11 Savaş, 12 Gönlüm, 13 Arslan, 14 Aşık, 15 Aldemir, All. Ergin Ataman
Kagome aiuta, contro la sua volontà, la strega Urasue nella resurrezione di Kikyo in forma umana, poiché la strega estrae da lei l'anima di Kikyo. Dopo breve tempo, però, il corpo di Kagome rivuole indietro l'anima sottratta, lasciando a Kikyo solo il rancore provato nel momento della sua morte. Urasue, in fin di vita, rivela questo dettaglio inaspettato a Inuyasha, descrivendo la nuova Kikyo come un corpo artificiale, mosso solo dall'odio e dal rancore. La stessa Kikyo, prima di cadere in un burrone, afferma che quei sentimenti si sono attaccati saldamente al nuovo e freddo corpo che si ritrova a comandare.
Nel 1964 la Società generale dell'industria svizzera avvia nel settore ricerca e sviluppo la creazione a La Thuile della stazione sciistica "Valrutor". Jean de Senarclens segue il primo progetto degli impianti che non verrà poi sostenuto dagli investitori svizzeri. La stazione sciistica verrà quindi realizzata con investitori italiani.
Ben presto sarà però la letteratura a divenire la principale attività di Hoffmann. Il suo primo racconto conosciuto, Il cavaliere Gluck, data all'autunno 1808 e viene spedito da Hoffmann all'editore Rochlitz di Lipsia il 12 gennaio del 1809; sarà pubblicato sulla Allgemeine musikalische Zeitung il 15 di febbraio successivo. Seguono le Kreisleriane, scritte sempre per la stessa rivista. In quest'occasione Hoffmann crea il personaggio di Johannes Kreisler, il musicista pazzo, che è il "doppio" di se stesso, deriso e meraviglioso, che lo ossessionerà fino alla fine dei suoi giorni e dominerà i racconti delle Fantasie alla maniera di Jacques Callot (1813) e il romanzo del Gatto Murr (1819).
Sloosha Crossing e tutto il resto (106 anni dopo la "Caduta", 2321): Zachry vive con la sorella e la nipotina Catkin in una tribù situata nella "Valle", una società primitiva di uomini sopravvissuti a un olocausto nucleare che venera Sonmi~451 come una divinità. La tribù di Zachry viene visitata da Meronyma, una donna proveniente dalla società dei "Prescienti", gli ultimi sopravvissuti di una civiltà tecnologicamente avanzata, che salva Catkin dall'avvelenamento causato da un pesce pietra. Per sdebitarsi Zachry aiuta Meronyma a raggiungere la sommità del Mauna Kea, un luogo che la sua gente teme in quanto si vocifera di templi misteriosi sulle sue alture, ma che per Meronyma è molto importante per scoprire se esistono ancora delle colonie planetarie sulle quali far trasmigrare ciò che rimane del genere umano. Durante il cammino Zachry è tormentato da visioni del "Vecchio Georgie", una figura demoniaca che lo incita a tradire Meronyma, ma alla fine Zachry smette di mettere in dubbio le parole della donna quando gli viene mostrato un filmato di Sonmi~451. Dopo aver compiuto il loro pellegrinaggio, Zachry torna al suo villaggio e scopre con orrore che è stato attaccato dai Kona, una feroce tribù di cannibali che ha ucciso tutti. Disperato e assetato di vendetta, Zachry affronta da solo i Kona e, con un aiuto tempestivo da parte di Meronyma, riesce a ucciderli e a salvare Catkin. Meronyma invita Zachry e Catkin a unirsi ai Prescenti per iniziare una nuova vita.Un settimo periodo, ambientato decenni dopo gli avvenimenti delle Hawaii, viene mostrato nel prologo e nell'epilogo del film. Nel prologo, un vecchio e solo Zachry effettua un monologo senza spiegare esattamente dove si trovi e cosa sia successo nella sua vita. Nell'epilogo, Zachry viene mostrato mentre racconta le storie (forse le storie precedentemente raccontate dal film) a una platea di bambini, tutti suoi nipoti. Dopo che Meronyma richiama tutti i nipoti per metterli a letto, uno di questi si attarda e chiede a Zachry di mostrare in cielo dove si trovi la Terra. La scena si conclude con una panoramica del cielo nel quale splendono due lune, e da ciò si capisce che sono riusciti a rintracciare le colonie oltremondo e ad arrivare su una di esse.
NBC, CNBC, MSNBC, USA Network, Telemundo, e Universal HD trasmettono negli Stati Uniti (American Forces Network ritrasmette alcuni eventi per personale militare residente all'estero)
La Moto Guzzi nel 2008 comincia a produrre di serie la Stelvio che raccoglie nelle riviste e in servizi specializzati buoni consensi. I colori disponibili sono Rosso Corsa, Bianco Lunare e Nero.
Crescenzio sarebbe stato un bambino undicenne che, per la sua fede cristiana, agli inizi del IV secolo fu giustiziato. La madre ne curò la sepoltura nella catacomba romana.
La tremenda ordalia di Timothy Cavendish (2012): l'anziano editore britannico Timothy Cavendish ha un colpo di fortuna quando Dermot Hoggins, un autore criminale di cui egli ha pubblicato l'ultimo libro, assassina un critico gettandolo da un palazzo e viene mandato in galera. I fratelli di Hoggins però, criminali anch'essi, minacciano Cavendish per ottenere la fetta più grande dei suoi profitti. Timothy scopre però che tutti soldi ottenuti dalla pubblicazione del libro sono stati prosciugati a causa dei debiti dello stesso Timothy e si vede costretto a chiedere sostegno economico al ricco e malizioso Denholme, suo fratello. Per non avere Cavendish d'impiccio ed ottenere una piccola vendetta personale sul fratello (che era stato a letto con la moglie), Denholme riesce con l'inganno a segregarlo in una casa di riposo (situata nella villa di Vyvyan Ayrs), dove viene trattenuto contro la sua volontà. Con un gruppo di compagni, però, Cavendish riesce a organizzare una rocambolesca fuga dall'ospizio e, una volta sistematosi indipendentemente con Ursula (un vecchio amore della sua vita dal quale si era separato dopo un imbarazzante inconveniente), legge il resoconto sulle vicende di Luisa Rey e sceneggia un film biografico basato sulla sua bizzarra disavventura.
Il bordo delle squame ventrali può essere azzurro.Il corpo è agile e snello e le zampe muscolose, la coda può raggiungere il doppio della lunghezza del corpo.
Ad oggi il costo dell'organizzazione delle Olimpiadi, cioè la spesa del TOROC, è di circa 1.5 miliardi di euro; la realizzazione di tutte le opere, che era in capo all'Agenzia, ammonta ad oltre 2 miliardi di euro.
Grazie a questi risultati il punto di pareggio finanziario risulta ormai essere vicino, l'unica vera garanzia di sopravvivenza per una Casa motociclistica.
Il suo ruolo durante la serie diventa fondamentale solo da un certo punto in poi, quando Naraku decide di prendere l'ultimo frammento rimanente della Sfera dalla schiena di Kohaku, con i gruppi di Inuyasha e Sesshomaru a contrastarlo. Infatti, la sacerdotessa farà tutto il possibile per causare la sconfitta di Naraku ma, posta di fronte ad una scelta, deciderà di sacrificare sia la propria vita piuttosto che la sconfitta certa di Naraku per proteggere Kohaku da un attacco di quest'ultimo, riuscendo inoltre a salvare la vita a Miroku e permettendo a Inuyasha di salvare Koga. Kikyo, infine, a seguito delle ferite riportate dal precedente scontro con Naraku, muore tra le braccia del suo amato Inuyasha, probabilmente nella scena più commovente di tutto il manga. In questa occasione, Koga si rende conto di essere vivo solo per merito di Kikyo e si commuove del fatto che, nonostante i tentativi di Naraku di separarla da Inuyasha, egli sia riuscito a raggiungerla ugualmente, per darle un ultimo doloroso addio.
La città viene amministrata secondo uno statuto stabilito dall'assemblea legislativa dello Stato di New York. Per quanto soggetta allo Stato, la città gode di un elevato grado di autonomia legislativa ed esecutiva. Come in gran parte degli Stati Uniti, il governo cittadino si articola in un ramo esecutivo, uno legislativo ed uno giudiziario.
Dopo le vittorie degli australiani Ken Rosewall e John Newcombe nel 1974, James Scott Connors, mancino dal rovescio a due mani, soprannominato Jimmy, ottiene la sua prima e unica vittoria in Australia. Connors batte in quattro set Phil Dent e si aggiudica il primo di tre Slam vinti in quell'anno e di otto in totale nella sua lunga carriera. Nel 1974 Chris Evert gioca per la prima volta in Australia perdendo la sua prima finale di un torneo del Grande Slam contro Evonne Goolagong, alla sua prima di quattro vittorie consecutive. John Newcombe si prenderà la rivincita in finale contro Connors l'anno successivo, mentre tra le donne raggiunge la sua prima finale dello Slam anche Martina Navrátilová, fermata anche lei dall'aborigena Goolagong.
Dopo ulteriori tre anni di assenza, tornò definitivamente nel calendario iridato dal motomondiale 1959: venne disputato su diversi circuiti, sul circuito di Clermont-Ferrand, sul circuito di Rouen, sul circuito Paul Ricard, sul circuito di Nogaro e negli ultimi anni sul circuito Bugatti di Le Mans.
L'attività live dei Militia ha coperto principalmente il periodo tra il 1982 ed il 1992 con prestigiose esibizioni all'estero (in Germania ed Olanda) e tappe d'obbligo nelle principali città italiane: i più rappresentativi Clubs della Penisola e numerosi tra Festival e rassegne organizzati lungo la penisola hanno ospitato il gruppo perugino in quegli anni.
Dopo essersi laureato in Medicina nel 1875, Jan Mickulicz inizia ad apportare i primi contributi alla Medicina, facendo pratica al General Hospital di Vienna, sotto la guida del chirurgo Theodor Billroth -diventandone assistente dopo tre anni e mezzo, nonché uno dei suoi allievi favoriti-. Billroth lo esorta a compiere studi più approfonditi riguardo ad una condizione patologica che Mikulicz aveva ritenuto essere un tumore. In realtà, dopo analisi microscopiche più accurate, Mikulicz scopre l'esistenza, in un processo infiammatorio cronico, di fagociti contenenti una grande quantità di batteri, da lui rinominati Klebsiella. Successivamente Mikulicz pubblica le sue scoperte che avrebbero profondamente modificato la comprensione di quella specifica patologia..
4 Tunçeri, 5 Türkoğlu, 6 Türkcan, 7 Arslan, 8 Gönlüm, 9 Rasim, 10 Kutluay, 11 Peker, 12 Beşok, 13 Okur, 14 Yıldırım, 15 Onan, All. Aydın ÖrsFIBA EuroBasket 2005
I quattro riportano alla ribalta i redivivi Matia Bazar e partecipano nel 2000 al Festival di Sanremo con il brano Brivido caldo, seguito dall'uscita dell'album omonimo.
(EN) S. E. Hadda: Johannes von Mikulicz-Radecki. A memorial tribute to a great surgeon, scientist and teacher. Journal of the International College of Surgeons 43 (1965), S. 4–10
Nel giugno 2008, ha tenuto una conferenza a La Mecca per sollecitare i leader musulmani a parlare con una sola voce ai leader ebrei e cristiani. Ha discusso con gli studiosi islamici sauditi e non sauditi circa la necessità di stabilire un dialogo inter religioso. Nello stesso mese, l'Arabia Saudita e la Spagna hanno concordato di tenere una conferenza sul dialogo inter religioso nel paese iberico. Lo storico incontro ha avuto luogo a Madrid nel luglio 2008 e ha visto la partecipazione di leader religiosi di diverse fedi. Questo ha portato alla creazione di una Settimana per l'Armonia Religiosa nel 2010.
Il 1988 vede la pubblicazione del disco Sul nido del cuculo: nei cori è possibile ascoltare Mariella Nava, allora agli esordi, che suona anche il pianoforte e con cui Castelnuovo effettua il tour di quell'anno.
Ördögi angyal è il secondo album di studio della cantante pop rock ungherese Magdolna Rúzsa. Il CD ha venduto più di 36.000 copie in Ungheria ed è stato certificato doppio disco di platino. Da esso sono state estratte tre canzoni come singoli, che sono riuscite tutte ad entrare nella top 10 ungherese.
Nel 1976 è il singolo Cavallo Bianco, ispirato al genere rock progressivo, ad ottenere un grande successo. L'anno successivo il gruppo esordisce al Festival di Sanremo con la canzone Ma perché, che, sebbene ignorata alla kermesse, ha un notevole successo tra i giovani; cui fa seguito il secondo album Gran Bazar, che riscuote invece un successo straordinario.
A volte, viene riportato come motto della RAF (Royal Air Force) britannica. Il motto effettivo è Per Ardua ad Astra. È il motto della South African Air Force e lo era anche della Scuola Civile di Pilotaggio della Breda di Sesto San Giovanni negli anni trenta.
Tra le sue interpretazioni più significative sono da ricordare quelle di Isabella ne L'Illusion comique di Pierre Corneille (protagonista femminile accanto a Sandro Lombardi) con la regia di Giancarlo Cobelli, Placida ne La bottega del caffè (accanto a Paolo Bonacelli) diretta da Gigi Dall'Aglio, Ayola in Donna Rosita nubile di Federico García Lorca (accanto a Renato Carpentieri) diretta da Cesare Lievi, Nuda Gratuita in Pausa di Luciano Melchionna diretta dallo stesso Melchionna, Giocasta in Edipo re di Sofocle diretta da Marco Maltauro, Caterina in Senso di Luca De Bei (accanto a Maria Paiato e Salvatore Palombi) con la regia di Giampiero Cicciò.
soldati e prigionieri. Carmelo e Caterina Samonà, a questo proposito, a seguito della distruzione del Castello di Venetico durante il terremoto del 1908, trasferirono quanto era rimasto intatto nel vicino castello di Spadafora, salvandolo da sciacalli e dalle intemperie.
Martín è tornato da Londra prevalentemente per lo stato di sua sorella, Gabriela: ha vissuto in una forte depressione viste le bugie del padre sulla figlia. Il segreto della famiglia Moran è custodito anche da Carmen, la sorella ambiziosa di Ramiro. Ella prende il posto anche di Emilia nella coordinazione dell'orfanotrofio, maltrattando anche gli orfani presenti. Ramiro assumerà come nuova amministratrice Ginette che dimostrerà di farsi amare dai bambini, anche se ha il solo scopo di conquistare l'ospizio.
Nel 2001 è stato realizzato un film intitolato Chiquititas: Rincón de luz, che vede come protagonisti Facundo Arana, Romina Yan e il cast di Chiquititas della sesta stagione. La produzione è affidata a Cris Morena. Nelle sale argentine, il lungometraggio è stato visto da 731.311 persone.
4 Uyguç, 5 Ülkü, 6 Kaplanoğlu, 7 Kobaner, 8 Urkon, 9 Baturalp, 10 Salihoğlu, 11 Poyrazoğlu, 12 Dinçer, 13 Açıkbaş, 14 Demir, 15 Kazaz, All. -FIBA EuroBasket 1963
Il re ha ridotto le sue attività nel giugno 2010 senza alcuna spiegazione chiara. I diplomatici affermavano che c'era incertezza circa l'entità dei suoi problemi di salute da quando il sovrano aveva annullato una visita in Francia. In una apparizione televisiva in cui è stato visto usare un bastone, il monarca ha detto che era in buona salute, ma che aveva qualche "fastidio". In una visita di diplomatici americani in Arabia Saudita nel mese di aprile 2014 il re saudita è stato visto collegato a tubi di respirazione durante i colloqui, indicando crescenti problemi di salute.
L’Aspro, su La Stampa, 20 maggio 1898. Dino Mantovani, su La Stampa, 29 giugno 1903. Giovanni Faldella: ‘’Piemonte ed Italia. Rapsodia di storia patriottica’’. Torino, S. Lattes, 1910. p.178. Camilla Bisi: ‘’Poetesse d’Italia’’ Milano, Quintieri, 1916. p.9.
Cindy Klassen (Canada, pattinaggio di velocità): con 5 medaglie (1 oro, 2 argenti, 2 bronzi) è l'atleta più medagliata dei Giochi di Torino 2006.
A Machaby, i trinceramenti del principe Tommaso furono la seconda linea difensiva del Principe Tommaso, da cui si arriva alla Ridotta Nicolon.
Nel novembre 2008, il sovrano e il suo governo hanno organizzato una discussione all'Assemblea Generale delle Nazioni Unite sulla promozione del dialogo tra le civiltà, le culture e i popoli, nonché le attività legate a una cultura di pace, chiedendo azioni concrete a livello globale, regionale e sub regionale. Questa ha riunito le nazioni musulmane e non musulmane per sradicare i pregiudizi che vogliono l'islam legato al terrorismo e ha visto la partecipazione di leader mondiali di rilievo tra cui l'ex primo ministro britannico Tony Blair, il presidente israeliano Shimon Peres, il presidente americano George W. Bush e il re Abd Allah II di Giordania.
Nell'estate dello stesso anno, ancora con Brivido caldo, prendono parte a Vota la voce e vincono il Telegatto come "miglior gruppo italiano dell'anno". L'anno successivo sono nuovamente in gara al Festival di Sanremo con la canzone Questa nostra grande storia d'amore, che giungerà terza e sarà inclusa nell'album Dolce canto.
Il 22 novembre 1995, dopo una pausa durata due anni, dovuta alla maternità di Laura, al "Propaganda di Milano", i Matia Bazar festeggiarono i loro vent'anni di carriera, presentando l'album raccolta Radiomatia, con l'inedito La scuola dei serpenti, cover del brano You're the voice, successo del 1986 del cantante australiano John Farnham, e altri loro successi riarrangiati. L'album viene presentato di nuovo in un lungo concerto al "Rolling Stone di Milano" con un ottimo successo di pubblico.
La Thuile è l'ultimo comune italiano sulla strada del colle del Piccolo San Bernardo (SS26), passo storico per i collegamenti tra l'Italia e la Francia.
Alle 22:09 CET (21:09 UTC) il Presidente della Repubblica Italiana Carlo Azeglio Ciampi, con la tradizionale formula di rito, ha dichiarato ufficialmente "aperta, a Torino, la celebrazione dei XX Giochi olimpici invernali".
Ci sono tre tipi di autobus: regular, che fermano ogni 2/3 isolati a intervalli di 5/10 minuti; limited stop, che si fermano a un quarto delle fermate dei regular; express, che costano di più, ma fanno poche fermate.
Il film fu prodotto dalla Majestic-Film GmbH. Venne girato nei dintorni di Potsdam e di Limburgo e, per gli interni, ai Tobis-Atelier di Berlino.
Akpınar, Altıntığ, Atsür, Çankaya, Demir, Demirel, Güler, Hersek, Nalga, Şahin, Solak, Veyseloğlu, All. Alaeddin YakanPallacanestro ai XVII Giochi del Mediterraneo
Mikulicz diventa uno dei maggiori difensori di Lister e delle sue tecniche sull'antisepsi, impegnandosi in prima persona a proporre nuove accortezze pratiche da seguire in ospedale e soprattutto in sala operatoria per prevenire qualsiasi tipo di infezione, come nuovi tipi di vestiti, l'introduzione di iodoformio per il trattamento e la preparazione del campo operatorio.
Lo stile gotico della sua facciata è mescolato all'influsso Veneto-Bizantino del XII secolo; sorge su una delle fondamenta del Canal Grande di Murano, a pochi metri dal Ponte Vivarini. Costruito nelle vicinanze dell'abbazia di San Cipriano, ex seminario Patriarcale, distrutta nel 1817, fu restaurato completamente circa un decennio fa, e ospita la sede del Municipio di Murano, il quale vi organizza mostre e incontri su diversi temi, ma quello predominante è senza dubbio il vetro.
Il presidente attualmente è il sindaco di Canosa Sannita, Aldo Nanni, vicepresidente è Fabrizio Montepara, vice sindaco di Orsogna. La giunta dell'Unione è composta anche dal sindaco di Filetto, Nicolino D'Alessandro, e dai rappresentanti dei comuni di Arielli, Adriano Pietro Scarinci, e di Poggiofiorito, Tiziana D'Aloisio.
Il 16 febbraio 2003 la rivista Parade di David Wallechinsky ha valutato re Fahd e l'allora principe ereditario e reggente Abd Allah come i secondi peggiori dittatori di tutto il mondo..La maggior parte di questa critica derivava dal fatto che i cittadini sauditi vivono sotto la rigorosa interpretazione wahabita della Sharia, che impone l'amputazione della mani come punizione per il furto e le fustigazioni per crimini come l'ubriachezza. Le esecuzioni capitali pubbliche mediante decapitazione sono comuni per i reati di omicidio, stupro, traffico di droga e stregoneria. Venivano criticate anche le politiche nei confronti dei diritti delle donne. In rifiuto delle accuse di violazioni dei diritti umani, i detenuti sauditi della provincia di Najran hanno inviato al re una missiva in cui gli auguravano una pronta guarigione.Re Abd Allah è stato anche criticato per le sue politiche in materia di libertà religiosa quando il governo saudita avrebbe fatto arrestare alcuni pellegrini sciiti che partecipavano all'Hajj. Il 24 gennaio 2007, Human Rights Watch ha inviato una lettera aperta al sovrano chiedendogli di cessare la persecuzione religiosa della fede Ahmadiyya. Gli sono state inviate anche altre due lettere, nel novembre 2006 e nel febbraio 2007, in cui gli si chiedeva di rimuovere il divieto di viaggio per i critici del governo saudita. Human Rights Watch non ha ancora indicato se hanno ricevuto risposte a queste lettere.
Molto adattabile, è rinvenibile in una vasta tipologia di habitat. Frequenta muri e pendii rocciosi soleggiati, spesso in vicinanza delle coste, aree urbane e rurali, muretti a secco, giardini, parchi, prati con rocce ed alberi sparsi, zone rocciose, rive di fiumi con vegetazione, piccole isole, grandi scogli, margini del bosco, margini delle strade, siepi, macchia mediterranea, dune sabbiose, vigneti, frutteti, fino a 2.200 m slm.
Nel frattempo, grazie a Carmen, Ramiro scopre che Gynette sta con lui solo per interesse, e quest'ultima, va a vivere lontano con la sorella Carolina. Un pentito Ramiro, decide di dire la verità a Gabriela e a Martin, ma poco dopo, muore in un incidente d'auto. Credendo che non ci sia più niente tra lui e Belén, Martin lascia la città con la sorella Gabriela per andare a Londra.
Questo amore, il cui diario ci permette di seguire le tappe, è prestissimo elevato al livello di mito tragico, di cui ritroviamo gli echi ne Il gatto Murr e in numerosi racconti. Le sue illusioni svaniscono quando la ragazzina si fidanza con un commerciante di Lipsia, Gerhard Graepel, che sposerà nel 1812. La vittoria di Napoleone Bonaparte a Wagram e l'ingresso dell'Imperatore a Vienna lo lasciano piuttosto indifferente; Hoffmann, in questo periodo, è più interessato alla musica, al teatro e naturalmente all'amore per Julia Marc, alla quale offre le sue Tre Canzonette Italiane. Si dedica anche allo studio dell'ipnosi, dell'occulto e della telepatia.
I lavori di preparazione delle XX Giochi olimpici invernali sono stati peraltro duramente contestati da chi temeva danni agli spazi naturali (soprattutto in montagna) e alle condizioni di vita degli abitanti, portando alla costituzione di un comitato nolimpiadi.
Conosciuta nel mondo anche come la Grande Mela (Big Apple), un paragone le cui origini risalgono al libro The Wayfarer in New York scritto da Edward S. Martin nel 1909, è situata nello Stato omonimo e sorge su un'area di circa 785 km² alla foce del fiume Hudson, sull'oceano Atlantico, mentre l'area metropolitana comprende anche località situate nei due adiacenti stati del New Jersey e del Connecticut.
Il tema scelto per lo spettacolo è stato il Carnevale italiano, i cui festeggiamenti coincidevano, nel calendario del 2006, con gli ultimi giorni dei Giochi Olimpici. Agli spettatori e agli atleti sono state fornite mascherine da indossare sul viso. Nei vari quadri della coreografia sono stati presentati costumi ispirati ai film di Federico Fellini, i carri del Carnevale di Viareggio, le maschere tipiche come Arlecchino e Pulcinella a bordo di Vespe e Fiat 500.Come avvenuto ai Giochi della XXVIII Olimpiade, nella cerimonia di chiusura è stata inserita anche l'ultima premiazione dei Giochi. Ad Atene vennero consegnate le medaglie della maratona maschile; a Torino sono stati premiati i primi tre classificati nella 50 km di sci di fondo a tecnica libera che si era svolta nella mattinata.
Entrato all'università di Königsberg nel 1792, viene avviato dallo zio agli studi di diritto. La sua corrispondenza giovanile tratta solo delle sue numerose letture di autori quali: Voltaire, Rousseau, Goethe, Schiller, Jean Paul, Kotzebue. In musica ammira Bach, Mozart e i compositori italiani, solo più tardi scoprirà Haydn, Gluck e Beethoven. Nel 1786, Ernst diventa amico di Theodor Gottlieb von Hippel (1775-1843), figlio di un pastore, scrittore conosciuto e parente di Kant: nel 1792 i due amici si ritrovano all'università, dove seguono i corsi del filosofo. Nel 1794, prova una grande passione per una giovane di ventotto anni, Johanna Dorothea Hatt, che chiama Cora, sposata ad un negoziante di più di sessant'anni e a cui dà lezioni di musica.
La figlia Adila è sposata con Faysal bin Abd Allah bin Mohammed Al Sa'ud. È una delle poche principesse saudite con un ruolo semi-pubblico e nota sostenitrice del diritto delle donne di guidare l'automobile. È conosciuta anche come "il volto pubblico di suo padre". Una delle figlie minori, la principessa Sahab, è nata nel 1993. Ella ha sposato Khalid bin Hamad Al Khalifa, figlio del re del Bahrain Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa, il 6 giugno 2011. La principessa Sahab è la figlia del re e della moglie della tribù di Al-Jarbah.
Il Castello è stato abitato dalla famiglia Samonà fino alla fine degli anni Sessanta del Novecento. Dopo la perdita del Castello da parte dei suoi proprietari, l'antico maniero è stato per anni vittima dell'incuria delle amministrazioni che si sono succedute. Il Castello, infine, è stato recentemente restaurato a cura della Soprintendenza per i beni ambientali di Catania e successivamente dalla Soprintendenza di Messina, dopo l'acquisizione della Regione Siciliana.
Ivan Lendl vince nel 1989 e nel 1990. Nella prima sconfigge in finale il connazionale Miloslav Mečíř e Stefan Edberg nel 1990, anche se lo svedese sarà costretto al ritiro a metà della finale.
Nel periodo della sua morte aveva una relazione con Tiffani-Amber Thiessen famosa tra l'altro per aver recitato in Bayside School e Beverly Hills 90210. Al momento della sua morte David faceva ancora parte del cast della terza stagione di Susan. L'ultimo episodio della serie fu dedicato a lui. Venne sepolto nel cimitero di Forest Lawn in California.
Il toponimo La Thuile appare sotto varie forme a partire dal 1040 come Thuilia, Tuelia, La Tueilli, Tuilla, Tullia e La Tuile. Essi rifletterebbero la voce francese Tuile, ossia tegola, oppure dal cognomen latino Tullius.
New York è in una posizione di primo piano nel settore dello spettacolo statunitense: molti film, serie televisive, libri e altri media nascono qui. New York è il secondo più grande centro per l'industria cinematografica negli Stati Uniti, e per volume, New York è il leader mondiale nella produzione cinematografica indipendente. La città conta più di 2.000 organizzazioni artistiche e culturali e oltre 500 gallerie d'arte di tutte le dimensioni.I fondi stanziati dall'amministrazione della città per le arti sono superiori rispetto al National Endowment for the Arts. I ricchi industriali del XIX secolo hanno istituito una rete di importanti istituzioni culturali, come la famosa sala da concerto Carnegie Hall e il Metropolitan Museum of Art. L'avvento della luce elettrica ha portato a realizzare produzioni teatrali e nei teatri di New York, a Broadway e lungo la 42° strada, è iniziata un nuovo tipo di intrattenimento che divenne noto come il musical di Broadway. Fortemente influenzata dagli immigrati della città, produzioni come quelle di Edward Harrigan e George M. Cohan e altri hanno usato la musica per narrare i temi della speranza e ambizione. Tra i musical più di successo di tutti i tempi rappresentati a New York: Il Fantasma dell'Opera, Les Miserables, Cats e West Side Story.
Nel 1995 scrive Strega, incisa da Alessandro Haber nel suo primo album, Haberrante; collabora inoltre con Umberto Bindi, scrivendo il testo di Davanti all'orizzonte, pubblicata postuma dopo la morte del cantautore genovese.
Pellicola dalla forte componente autobiografica, il film trae ispirazione dal cinema europeo, in particolare da Federico Fellini e da Ingmar Bergman, due dei punti di riferimento di Allen.
L'edizione del 1969 a Brisbane rappresenterà la prima tappa del secondo Grande Slam di Rod Laver, che batterà in finale lo spagnolo Andrés Gimeno. Tra le donne trionfa ancora una volta Margaret Smith Court che avrà la meglio sulla sua rivale Billie Jean King. L'anno successivo Arthur Ashe interrompe il dominio australiano, aggiudicandosi per la prima volta il major australiano dopo le due sconfitte patite da Roy Emerson nel 1966 e nel 1967. Il dominio della Smith invece andrà avanti fino al 1973 con la sola eccezione del 1972, anno in cui la spuntò la britannica Virginia Wade.
Per Aspera ad Astra è il titolo di una famosa opera di Karl Wilhelm Diefenbach costituita da un fregio lungo ben 68 metri che raffigura in prevalenza sagome umane marcianti. L'opera è conservata nel museo cittadino di Hadamar, in Germania.
Soltanto il 18 marzo 1932, a causa delle difficoltà economiche del Zaragoza FC, dei rappresentanti di ognuna delle squadre firmarono un documento che sanciva la fusione dei due club in un'unica squadra che mantenne il nome di Zaragoza FC e scelsero per le divise i colori della Federazione Aragonese: il bianco e il blu. La prima partita fu disputata allo stadio del Torrero il 20 marzo 1932 e il Zaragoza sconfisse per 4-0 il Valladolid grazie ai gol di Rolloso, che segnò una doppietta, Zorrozúa e Anduíza.
Nell'agosto dello stesso anno, la Torre torna a vincere il Palio di Siena dopo 44 anni. Castelnuovo, la cui madre è della provincia di Siena, ha sempre seguito e amato il Palio (tanto da dedicargli una canzone e farla title track dell'album È piazza del Campo del 1985); in occasione di tale evento, Castelnuovo ha l'occasione di partecipare da vicino alla festa, grazie all'amico compositore e collaboratore Fabio Pianigiani, che è un torraiolo doc.
La vittoria di Thomas Johansson nel 2002 rappresenta una delle più grosse sorprese nella storia di questo torneo. Partito come testa di serie numero sedici, lo svedese si impone su Diaz, Hipfl, El Aynaoui, Voinea, Björkman e Novak, prima di trovare Marat Safin in finale. Il russo, che aveva battuto tra gli altri Sampras e Tommy Haas, arriva all'atto conclusivo largamente favorito ma perde per 3–6, 6–4, 6–4, 7–6(4).
Appese le scarpette al chiodo, convinto da Italo Allodi ha intrapreso la carriera dell'allenatore, sedendo, fra le altre, sulle panchine di Catanzaro, Bologna, Como, Livorno, Foggia, Lucchese, Cremonese, Genoa sostituendo Claudio Maselli, Ternana, Salernitana, Pescara e Vicenza. Dopo aver lasciato il lavoro di allenatore è diventato osservatore dell'Inter.
Sin dal primo momento in cui arriva a Cracovia, Mikulicz deve affrontare una rigida competizione con illustri chirurghi del tempo (Kosìnski, Obalinski, Rydigier) e deve inoltre perfezionare il suo polacco, sebbene già conosca quella lingua: lo fa in un paesino vicino Cracovia, dove risiede una delle sue sorelle.
Horroriana - 24 storie di paura è un'antologia italiana curata da Gianni Montanari nel 1979 che raccoglie il meglio dei racconti horror dal 1906 al 1977.
Nel corso dei Giochi fu rilevato un unico caso di doping tra gli atleti medagliati: al controllo dopo la 15 km femminile di biathlon, la russa Ol'ga Medvedceva fu trovata positiva al Carphedon, venendo quindi squalificata dai giochi e privata della medaglia d'argento. Destarono molto scalpore i controlli a sorpresa e le perquisizioni dei Carabinieri presso gli alloggi delle squadre austriache di sci di fondo e biathlon, dopo la segnalazione della presenza dell'ex-allenatore Walter Mayer, già bandito dai Giochi dopo un caso di manipolazione del sangue a Salt Lake City; i dieci atleti testati risultarono tutti negativi, ma nelle stanze venne trovato materiale vietato.
Il 1957 è un anno molto importante per le attività agonistiche, la Moto Guzzi, in accordo con altri costruttori italiani (Gilera e Mondial), sigla il celebre "Patto di astensione", cessando la partecipazione alle competizioni. A quel momento conta nel proprio palmarès 3.329 vittorie in gare ufficiali, 14 Titoli Mondiali, 11 vittorie al Tourist Trophy.
Durante il suo soggiorno a Breslavia, viene offerta a Mikulicz una cattedra in chirurgia a Vienna e Strasburgo, ma egli, ormai maturo e stanco di battaglie di identità, preferisce rimanere a Breslavia per il resto della sua vita. Compra una bellissima casa vicino Swiebodzice che rimane tuttora un tributo a lui dedicato, conosciuta come "La Casa di Mikulicz". Lì egli continua a coltivare la passione per la sua musica e lì vede crescere sempre più la sua fama di chirurgo internazionale.
Velasquez avrebbe dovuto affrontare in un rematch, l'ex campione dei pesi massimi UFC Fabricio Werdum a dicembre del 2016. Tuttavia, la commissione atletica del Nevada negò a Cain di poter affrontare il suo incontro a causa di alcuni problemi fisici da parte dell'atleta.
Inizialmente, nel 1999, la città di Torino e il CONI costituirono la fondazione privata TOROC (Torino Organizing Committee), e nel 2000 lo Stato, con la legge 285/2000, creò l'Agenzia Torino 2006.Il TOROC aveva il compito di organizzare i Giochi mettendo a punto il piano degli interventi finanziandosi mediante la vendita dei diritti (tv, sponsorizzazioni, biglietti...); presidente del TOROC fu nominato l'ex-sindaco di Torino Valentino Castellani, presidente e direttore generale dell'agenzia fu designato Domenico Arcidiacono. L'Agenzia, con i finanziamenti pubblici concessi dallo Stato, aveva il compito di realizzare gli impianti e le infrastrutture sportive e viarie.
Murano (Muran in veneziano) è un centro abitato della Laguna Veneta, situato a nord-est di Venezia e composto da sette isole; fa parte del comune di Venezia e in particolare della municipalità di Venezia-Murano-Burano. Con circa 4.500 abitanti, Murano risulta essere uno dei centri più popolosi della Laguna Veneta.
L' Arrows A4 fu una vettura di Formula 1 che fece il suo debutto al Gran Premio del Sud Africa 1982 guidata da Brian Henton e Mauro Baldi, senza riuscire a qualificarsi per la gara. Progettata da Dave Wass veniva spinta dal motore Ford Cosworth, montato su una monoscocca di alluminio. Dotata di cambio Hewland FGA400 e pneumatici Pirelli non fu particolarmente brillante in pista.
Il paese prende il nome da un nobile casato che ne conquistò il territorio nel 1459, ma le sue origini di centro abitato e di luogo di ferventi attività agricole, commerciali e marinare risalgono a tempi molto più antichi, ad insediamenti primitivi
Affacciata sull'omonimo canale (un tempo detto Canale di Santo Stefano), sorge in uno degli estremi lembi dell'isola. Fondata nel 1188, grazie a Ginevra Gradenigo, figlia del patrizio Marino, che donò un terreno con adiacenti acque all'abadessa Giacomina Boncio al fine di edificare una chiesa ed un monastero in onore della Vergine. Riedificata nel Cinquecento, era ricca di tele e preziosi, specie in seguito alla bolla papale che ne sancì l'unione con il monastero di Santa Maria del Piave di Lovadina, nell'attuale provincia di Treviso. La chiesa fu visitata nel 1574 da Enrico III, re di Francia e Polonia, e vi si conservavano le spoglie del doge Sebastiano Venier, eroe di Lepanto, le quali furono trasportate, con pompa solenne, nella basilica dei Santi Giovanni e Paolo, il 30 giugno 1907. Dopo un periodo di abbandono, durante il quale molte delle opere furono trasferite nella chiesa di San Pietro Martire, una parte dell'edificio fu convertita a lazzaretto, atto ad ospitare le famiglie più povere. Il campanile, alto trentun metri, risale alla metà del Cinquecento.
Per garantire la sostenibilità ambientale dei lavori il comitato organizzatore ha aderito a numerosi accordi nazionali e internazionali: tutte le opere olimpiche sono state sottoposte a una procedura di controllo chiamata Valutazione Ambientale Strategica, svolta dalla Regione Piemonte e dal Ministero dell'Ambiente; il TOROC, inoltre, ha firmato un protocollo di intesa con l'UNEP (United Nations Environment Programme) dell'ONU, e ha aderito all'EMAS (Eco-Management and Audit Scheme) della Commissione europea (primo caso di applicazione da parte di un comitato organizzatore di eventi sportivi). In particolare si sono attuati interventi compensativi per il "recupero" della CO2 prodotta durante i 15 giorni dei giochi (ma non quella prodotta durante la preparazione).
Nella stagione 2010/2011 il Real Zaragoza si rinforzò con gli arrivi di Matteo Contini dal Napoli, Nico Bertolo dal Palermo e Maurizio Lanzaro dalla Reggina. Tuttavia inizialmente la squadra si ritrova in ultima posizione in campionato con 7 punti in 11 giornate di campionato. Il 18 novembre 2010 il tecnico Javier Aguirre (famoso per le sue qualità motivazionali con le quali, in passato, aveva guidato la Nazionale di calcio del Messico, l'Osasuna e l'Atletico Madrid) prende il posto di José Aurelio Gay sulla panchina del Real Saragozza. Con Aguirre in panchina gli aragonesi ottengono 38 punti in 27 partite e vincono partite importantissime contro Valencia (4-0) e Real Madrid (3-2). A due giornate dalla fine del campionato, la squadra aragonese è costretta, per salvarsi, a vincere le ultime due partite, contro l'Espanyol e, fuori casa, contro il Levante: grazie ad un 1-0 e ad un 2-1 (doppietta del capitano Gabriel Fernández Arenas) raggiungono la salvezza all'ultima giornata, chiudendo il campionato in tredicesima posizione e confermando la propria permanenza nella massima serie anche per la stagione successiva. Nel 2012-2013 arriva però la retrocessione nella seconda lega spagnola.
È molto orgoglioso delle sue origini messicane, come del resto testimoniano il suo tatuaggio sul petto che reca la scritta "Brown Pride", i suoi ingressi nella gabbia con tanto di bandiera messicana e la sua dedica alla comunità latinos dopo la vittoria del titolo dei pesi massimi UFC nel 2010; la stessa UFC sfruttò molto questa caratteristica di Cain per renderlo popolare: dopo la vittoria della cintura nel 2010 Dana White definì Velasquez il primo messicano campione dei pesi massimi UFC, e sul volantino dell'evento UFC 155: Dos Santos vs. Velasquez II è presente con alle spalle la bandiera messicana, mentre l'avversario Junior dos Santos è posto dinanzi a quella del Brasile.
Il verbo di Sonmi~451 (2144): ambientato a Neo Seoul, una distopica megalopoli futuristica della Corea del Sud, la storia ruota intorno alla giovane Sonmi~451, un "artificio", cioè un clone che lavora al fast food Papa Song con altri cloni identici a lei, trattati come oggetti e sfruttati dagli esseri umani alla stregua di carne da macello con il mero scopo di portare avanti il sistema. Tutto cambia quando Sonmi viene salvata da Hae-Joo Chang, il membro di una ribellione che la accoglie con sé. Durante le loro fughe dalla società distopica che li ricerca, i due si innamorano e passano il tempo guardando dell'intrattenimento culturale e, tra le altre cose, il film su Timothy Cavendish. I ribelli fanno sapere a Sonmi quello che accade agli artifici come lei quando non vengono più utilizzati, così lei decide di prendere posizione contro il sistema e si reca in una base alle Hawaii dove, aiutata dai ribelli, trasmette il suo manifesto. Hae-Joo muore dopo uno scontro a fuoco in un assalto da parte dei Coercitori di Neo Seoul, mentre Sonmi viene catturata. Dopo aver raccontato alle autorità la sua storia e le sue intenzioni, Sonmi~451 viene giustiziata. Riesce però a ispirare la popolazione con il suo sacrificio e a dare alle autorità un avvertimento: qualcuno crede già nelle idee di ribellione che hanno acceso lei e compagni, e prima o poi la vera rivoluzione avverrà.
Con 1,8 miliardi di contatti lo spettacolo è risultato il programma televisivo più visto al mondo nel 2006, vincitore di ben 2 Emmy Award. L'evento, promosso dal Comitato Organizzatore Toroc è stato ideato e prodotto da K2006 Filmmaster Group. Produttore Esecutivo e Direttore Artistico Marco Balich, Autore e Responsabile dei Contenuti Alfredo Accatino, Art Direction Lida Castelli. Produttore Associato Ric Birch. Direzione tecnica Marco Astarita.
La nazionale di pallacanestro della Turchia (Türkiye Millî Basketbol Takımı) è la squadra che rappresenta questo paese nelle competizioni internazionali di pallacanestro. È gestita dalla Türkiye Basketbol Federasyonu, la federazione turca di pallacanestro, ed è affiliata alla FIBA dal 1936.
Da questo momento lo spoken word diviene il filo conduttore del lavoro dei Militia, tanto da dare vita anche ad una collana discografica dedicata a questo tipo di contaminazione espressiva, la Soundtracks for spoken word edita da Materiali Sonori.
Billroth e Mikulicz, essendo entrambi grandi appassionati di musica, si esibivano spesso in duetti a quattro mani e molti brani del musicista Brahms, ancora inediti, furono prima eseguiti in presenza di Billroth.
Primo tratto della Metropolitana di Torino, inaugurata il 4 febbraio 2006. L'infrastruttura aspettava di essere realizzata da almeno 70 anni.
Al racconto si sono ispirati anche i Metallica, complesso strumentale-vocale di genere heavy metal, nel brano Enter Sandman.Il 3 agosto 1816, alla Schauspielhaus di Berlino, viene rappresentata con successo la "prima" dell'opera Undine. Hoffmann, che ha ricevuto la nomina a Kammergerichtsrat, è ormai un personaggio famoso, sia come scrittore e musicista, sia come giudice.
Nel 1997 un mecenate lecchese propone la riedizione di alcuni modelli di 8 cilindri. La sfida viene accolta da una piccola ditta di Mandello del Lario (La Venini Tullio) che realizza alcuni modelli uguali in tutto e per tutto agli originali, comprese centraline Magneti Marelli, e i carburatori Dell'Orto. Uno di questi modelli è esposto durante il 75º di fondazione della casa, all'ingresso dello stabilimento, mentre l'originale resta all'interno del museo.
Nel 1781 entra nella Burgschule, una scuola luterana, dove fa buoni studi classici. Impara l'arte della fuga e del contrappunto presso un organista polacco, Podbieski, ispirazione del personaggio di Abraham Liscot ne Il Gatto Murr e si rivela essere un pianista prodigio. Cerca anche di scrivere poesie, romanzi e di disegnare, ma l'ambiente provinciale non è favorevole all'acquisizione di una tecnica. Ugualmente dotato per la pittura, la musica e la scrittura il giovane rimane ignorante per qualsiasi disciplina un po' severa e rimane estraneo alle forme nuove che allora nascevano in Germania.
L'epopea non è però ancora terminata, nel 2004 la crisi economica dell'Aprilia coinvolge anche la Moto Guzzi, crisi risoltasi il 28 dicembre 2004 allorquando l'intero Gruppo Aprilia viene acquisito dalla Piaggio. Da allora è cominciato il rilancio della Moto Guzzi, i cui primi risultati si sono visti nell'anno 2005 con il lancio ufficiale e la messa in produzione della Breva V1100 e della Griso, entrambe dotate del nuovo motore da 1064cc parzialmente riprogettato (uno dei primi a superare l'omologazione Euro 3) ma sempre contraddistinto dalla storica conformazione V2 di 90º frontemarcia.
In verità, la prima intenzione dei fondatori era quella di insediare la fabbrica a Genova che, grazie alla presenza dell'Ansaldo, in pochi decenni era divenuta una delle capitali tecnologiche italiane della meccanica e della motoristica, offrendo la possibilità di reperire maestranze esperte con relativa facilità.
Risale invece al 1950 la nascita del modello Falcone, moto grande sulla canonica cilindrata di 500 cm³, che rappresenterà per un lunghissimo periodo il sogno dei motociclisti italiani (ricordiamo che la cilindrata e le dimensioni importanti rappresentavano il massimo della tecnica motociclistica del tempo). Anche in questo caso Carlo Guzzi introduce una delle sue invenzioni destinate a far storia, anche se sarebbe più opportuno parlare di innovazione in questo caso. In quegli anni la sospensione anteriore, finora generalmente affidata ad un sistema a quadrilatero sviluppato in diverse forme, ad esclusione di Moto Guzzi che si affidava ad un sistema a biscottini inferiori oscillanti (dal pregevole comportamento stradale ma dall'escursione limitata), stava adottando sempre più diffusamente il sistema a forcella telescopica. A differenza delle forcelle finora utilizzate, dove il fodero era solidale alla ruota, Carlo Guzzi ne ribalta il concetto applicando il fodero alla parte superiore (oggi il sistema viene definito forcella rovesciata o forcella upside-down) con il notevole vantaggio di mantenere la struttura più rigida nel punto di maggiore stress meccanico, in corrispondenza del cannotto di sterzo, risolvendo inoltre il problema dei carichi sospesi. Ancora oggi le forcelle rovesciate sono utilizzate nei modelli più sportivi per questa loro caratteristica.
Velasquez è nato il 28 luglio 1982 a Salinas, California da Efrain e Isabel Velasquez. Il padre di Cain, Efrain, entrò negli USA dal Messico illegalmente. Efrain incontrò sua moglie Isabel, la sposò e ottenne la cittadinanza. La coppia ha avuto tre figli: Adela, Efrain Jr e Cain.
La New York City Hall è la sede del governo cittadino e luogo di riunione del Consiglio. L'ufficio del sindaco si trova, assieme a circa altre tredici agenzie comunali, nel vicino Manhattan Municipal Building, uno degli edifici amministrativi più grandi del mondo. Praticamente tutti coloro che rivestono cariche nello Stato di New York, compreso il Governatore e il Procuratore Generale, hanno uffici a Manhattan e lo stesso si può dire per entrambi i senatori degli Stati Uniti eletti nello Stato. Essendo sede delle Nazioni Unite, New York ospita anche il corpo consolare più ampio tra tutte le città del pianeta.
Grazie ad una rete di ferrovie e di autobus locali, poi, è possibile raggiungere diverse località, da Long Island al New Jersey al Connecticut e alla parte continentale dello Stato di New York. Queste linee sono gestite da diverse società, tra cui le più importanti sono:
Nel maggio 2001 non ha accettato l'invito di visitare Washington a causa del sostegno degli Stati Uniti verso Israele nella seconda Intifada. È anche apparso più desideroso di re Fahd di tagliare la spesa pubblica e superare il ritardo economico che l'Arabia Saudita stava dimostrando. A sorpresa, ha spinto per l'adesione del paese all'Organizzazione mondiale del commercio.Nell'agosto del 2001 ha richiamato l'allora ambasciatore saudita negli Stati Uniti, Bandar bin Sultan Al Sa'ud. Questo a quanto pare dopo che il reggente ha appreso di una brutalità di un soldato israeliano nei confronti di una donna palestinese. In seguito ha anche condannato Israele per l'attacco alle famiglie dei sospetti accusati.Nel 2002 ha sviluppato un'iniziativa di pace araba, comunemente indicata come "piano Abd Allah", per raggiungere la risoluzione di comune accordo del conflitto arabo-israeliano. L'iniziativa è stata adottata al vertice della Lega Araba di Beirut del marzo 2002.Nel secondo anniversario degli attentati dell'11 settembre ha scritto una lettera al presidente degli Stati Uniti George W. Bush, che si concludeva con le seguenti parole:
Nel 1860, dopo lo sbarco di Garibaldi, giovani volontari spadaforesi si nascosero in un luogo tra Santa Lucia del Mela e San Filippo, aspettando l'esercito garibaldino, nel quale si arruolarono, partecipando alla grande battaglia di Milazzo il 20 luglio 1860, che aprì la via all'unità d'Italia.
Tra gli altri musei che si possono trovare in città: il "New York Botanical Garden", il "New York City Police Museum", il "New York City Fire Museum", il "New York Historical Society", il "Garibaldi-Meucci Museum" e il "New York Transit Museum".
Il 1818 vede il progetto della sua terza raccolta di romanzi e racconti: I confratelli di Serapione. La proposta di questa nuova antologia viene dall'editore Georg Andreas Reimer, che ha già pubblicato i Racconti notturni. L'idea di Reimer è di riunire i vari racconti già stampati singolarmente o nella serie dei tascabili; il ciclo, composto da quattro volumi, esce tra il 1819 e il 1821 e contiene capolavori quali Il consigliere Krespel, Le miniere di Falun, Schiaccianoci e il re dei topi, Il bambino misterioso, Il sorteggio della sposa e La signorina de Scudéry.
Tra gli artisti internazionali che hanno collaborato con loro ci sono il violinista Blaine Reininger dei californiani Tuxedomoon, il pluristrumentista tedesco Chris Karrer, già fondatore dei leggendari Amon Düül II (che dopo aver suonato in Dunarobba si è esibito più volte in concerto a fianco del gruppo), il team etno-elettronico inglese dei Trans-global underground, il compositore Newyorchese David Shea, l'ensemble di ricerca britannico O Yuki conjugate e, nel lavoro più recente, il compositore/d.j. Nipponico Nobukazu Takemura.
La città, da sempre inserita nella Venezia marittima, ebbe una certa autonomia sino al 1171, quando fu unita al sestiere di Santa Croce. Dal 1275 fu invece retta da un proprio podestà; ebbe pure il privilegio di potersi dare delle leggi, garantite da un Maggior Consiglio formato da un discreto numero di nobili muranesi (circa cinquecento) e presieduto da un Podestà, e di coniare una propria moneta (l'Osella).
Questa è la lista dei lungometraggi, d'animazione e non, prodotti da Walt Disney Pictures, o da suoi studios interni, o da filiali estere, e realizzati per la distribuzione direttamente nei mercati dell'home video e per le trasmissioni televisive.
Il film segue sei differenti storie in sei epoche diverse, eppure gli eventi di ogni storia sembrano legarsi a tutte le altre, mostrando alcuni denominatori costanti:
Nei panni di Johannes, l'attore Klaus Detlef Sierck, figlio di Detlef Sierck (il futuro regista hollywoodiano Douglas Sirk). Nella sua carriera, il giovanissimo attore (all'epoca delle riprese aveva 15 anni) girò poco più di una dozzina di film. Dopo questo, interpretò ancora Il grande re. Arruolato nell'esercito, venne mandato sul fronte orientale e morì a 19 anni il 6 marzo 1944 in Ucraina.
Negli anni dispari si registrano le vittorie di Serena Williams, nel 2003, 2005, 2007 e 2009. Il suo primo trionfo in terra australiana lo ottiene contro la sorella Venus. Più agevoli le altre vittorie contro Lindsay Davenport nel 2005 (6-0 al terzo), Šarapova (2007) e Safina (2009), entrambe capaci di vincere solo tre game.
I Matia Bazar nascono dall'unione di Carlo Marrale (chitarra e voce), Piero Cassano (tastiere e voce) e Aldo Stellita (basso e cori), tutti ex-componenti dei Jet, con Antonella Ruggiero (voce). Il nome d'arte della cantante era "Matia" (dal genovese "matan", ovvero "pazza"), da qui il nome del gruppo.Dopo l'incisione del primo 45 giri entrerà nel gruppo Giancarlo Golzi (batteria e cori), uscente dal Museo Rosenbach.Debuttano nel 1975 con il singolo Stasera... che sera! (con Paolo Siani, session man dell'Ariston Records, alla batteria), partecipando alla manifestazione Un disco per l'estate, senza qualificarsi per le serate finali di Saint-Vincent. In seguito pubblicano il singolo Per un'ora d'amore con il quale ottengono un buon successo, che si ripete l'anno seguente con il brano Che male fa ed il primo album Matia Bazar 1.
Dal 2010 al 2012 re Abd Allah ha subito quattro interventi chirurgici alla schiena. Le prime due operazioni si sono svolte a New York, una nel 2010, per curare uno scivolamento del disco e un coagulo di sangue che esercitava pressione sui nervi della schiena e un seconda per stabilizzare le vertebre nel 2011. Ha subito un terzo intervento a Riyad nel 2011 e un quarto, sempre nella capitale saudita il 17 novembre 2012.Nel novembre del 2010, i suoi problemi alla schiena sono venuti alla luce nei media. Aveva infatti un accumulo di sangue intorno al midollo spinale. Soffriva anche di ernia del disco e fu messo a riposo dai medici. Per mantenere la stabilità del regno, il principe ereditario Sultan è tornato dal Marocco durante l'assenza del re. Il sovrano è stato ammesso al New York-Presbyterian Hospital dopo che un coagulo di sangue ha complicato l'ernia del disco ed è stato sottoposto ad un intervento chirurgico che ha avuto esito favorevole. Il medico che lo ha effettuato è stato Muhammad Zaka, che probabilmente ha tolto l'ernia del disco ed ha effettuato una fusione lombare. In seguito ha subito un altro intervento di successo in cui i chirurghi hanno stabilizzato un certo numero di vertebre. Ha lasciato l'ospedale il 22 dicembre 2010 e ha trascorso il periodo di convalescenza presso l'Hotel Plaza di New York. Il 22 gennaio 2011, ha lasciato gli Stati Uniti e si recò in Marocco. È rientrato in patria il 23 febbraio 2011.Re Abd Allah ha lasciato l'Arabia Saudita in congedo straordinario, il 27 agosto 2012. Il giornale palestinese Al-Quds ha riferito che ha subito un'operazione al Mount Sinai Hospital di New York, prima del 4 settembre 2012, a seguito di un attacco di cuore. Tuttavia, non vi è stata alcuna relazione ufficiale su questa presunta operazione. Invece, è stato ufficialmente annunciato che il re è andato in visita privata in Marocco, paese in cui si è recato spesso per trascorrere periodi di riposo e convalescenza. Il re è tornato in Arabia Saudita il 24 settembre. Quasi due mesi dopo, nel novembre 2012, re Abd Allah ha subito un altro intervento chirurgico alla schiena a Riyad e ha lasciato l'ospedale il 13 dicembre 2012.Il 29 maggio 2013 il quotidiano arabo-londinese Asharq Alawsat rivela che secondo fonti mediche gli organi vitali del sovrano allora 88enne avrebbero smesso di funzionare e a nulla sarebbe servito il ripetuto ricorso al defibrillatore. È la seconda volta che Asharqu Alawsat riportava la notizia del decesso, a novembre 2012 aveva parlato di uno stato comatoso (di fatto irreversibile) seguito a un'operazione della durata di 14 ore. In seguito il re è apparso in pubblico, smentendo la notizia.Un rapporto diffuso nel mese di aprile 2014, citando una diagnosi di cancro ai polmoni in fase terminale, ha dichiarato che il sovrano aveva circa sei mesi di vita.
Da questo soggetto il compositore Jacques Offenbach compone nel 1881 una famosa opera dal titolo I racconti di Hoffmann. Il tema verrà abbondantemente ripreso nel tempo dalla Eva Futura di Auguste Villiers de l'Isle-Adam fino al robot del film Metropolis, nonché analizzato in chiave psicoanalitica da Sigmund Freud nel Das Unheimliche. Il coreografo francese Arthur Saint-Léon creò nel 1870 il celebre balletto di Coppélia sulle musiche di Léo Delibes, il cui libretto era basato sulla figura del mago Coppélius e della bambola meccanica Coppélia.
La Stazione di Nishi-Chiba (西千葉駅 Nishi-Chiba-eki?) è una stazione ferroviaria situata nel quartiere di Chūō-ku della città di Chiba, nella prefettura omonima, che serve la linea Chūō-Sōbu della JR East.
4 Koçyiğit, 5 Erçin, 6 Güler, 7 Hakyemez, 8 Gürkan, 9 Turam, 10 Kunter, 11 Döğüşken, 12 Soydaş, 13 Aydan, 14 Olcay, 15 Arısan, All. -FIBA EuroBasket 1993
Nel febbraio 2016 le piste di La Thuile hanno accolto, per la prima volta nella storia, tre competizioni (due discese libere e un supergigante) valide per la Coppa del Mondo di sci alpino femminile.
Per aspera ad astra oppure Per aspera sic itur ad astra è una frase latina riconducibile a Cicerone (De natura deorum III, 40 e altre opere), e successivamente ripresa da alcuni scrittori latini, tra i più importanti Seneca (Hercules furens, atto II, 437-441), Virgilio (Eneide IX, 641), Gaio Sallustio Crispo e Orazio.
Nel periodo settembre 2012-ottobre 2013 lavorano al loro terzo disco in studio, Super Critical, che esce nell'ottobre 2014 e che è stato realizzato tra New York e Ibiza.
Velasquez, che si allena nella prestigiosa American Kickboxing Academy di San Jose, ha vinto il campionato di Jiu jitsu brasiliano no-gi nelle cinture blu solo un anno dopo aver iniziato a praticare submission wrestling, e nel 2013 divenne cintura nera.
Carlo Guzzi muore nel 1964 e nello stesso periodo il mercato delle moto entra in una crisi profonda, si diffondono le automobili e la quantità totale di moto vendute diminuisce. Per cercare un'uscita dalla situazione nel 1965 l'ingegner Giulio Cesare Carcano progetta il motore V2 di 90º frontemarcia, posizionato longitudinalmente, divenuto poi nel tempo l'icona stessa della Moto Guzzi ed ancor oggi costantemente aggiornato ed utilizzato. Si pensi che fu anche utilizzato allo stadio di prototipo per una utilitaria Fiat ed in seguito per il cosiddetto 'mulo meccanico' 3X3 destinato agli alpini.
Tutti vogliono qualcosa (Everybody Wants Some!!) è un film del 2016 scritto, diretto e prodotto da Richard Linklater. Interpretato da Blake Jenner, Ryan Guzman, Tyler Hoechlin, Glen Powell e Zoey Deutch, il film è considerato un sequel spirituale de La vita è un sogno, girato dallo stesso Linklater nel 1993.
A Machaby, la prima linea difensiva composta dalle opere del Piccolo San Bernardo, tra cui le postazioni del Colle Traversette (la Freccia e la Ridotta Sarda)
Halidon ha pubblicato album di artisti importanti nel panorama italiano tra cui Fabio Concato, Al Bano, Fausto Leali, Amedeo Minghi, Iva Zanicchi, Cristiano Malgioglio.
La città, ha 39 grandi teatri (con più di 500 posti ciascuno) e sono conosciuti collettivamente come "Broadway".Il Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts ospita 12 importanti istituzioni artistiche, tra cui due teatri dell'opera, il famoso "Metropolitan" e il "New York State Theater" nel quale si esibiscono la "New York City Opera" e il "New York City Ballet", ospita inoltre l'"Avery Fisher Hall" in cui si esibisce la "New York Philharmonic Orchestra", e ancora il "Jazz at Lincoln Center", il "Vivian Beaumont Theatre", la "Juilliard School" e l'"Alice Tully Hall". Central Park ospita invece spettacoli estivi di prosa e musica gratuiti.
La primavera, fredda nella primissima parte (non sono rari i ritorni d'inverno in grande stile), è un'esplosione di colori e di risveglio vegetativo e registra nella seconda metà i primi calori che anticipano la stagione estiva. Lungo le zone più prossime alla costa non sono infrequenti in primavera le nebbie marittime, provocate dallo scorrimento di aria calda sulla superficie del mare più freddo.
I primi decenni del XX secolo portarono New York a posizioni di preminenza mondiale dal punto di vista industriale, economico e demografico; nel 1925 e per alcuni anni successivi New York superò Londra e divenne la metropoli più popolata del mondo. Lo sviluppo della città veniva esibito anche attraverso la costruzione di numerosissimi grattacieli, la cui costruzione, iniziata nel 1911 con il Woolworth Building, proseguì nei decenni seguenti rendendo i grattacieli uno degli elementi caratteristici dello skyline di New York. Parallelamente allo sviluppo rapidissimo della città, tuttavia, si osservavano importanti fenomeni di pauperismo urbano e di criminalità. A partire dagli anni venti, inoltre, New York divenne la meta di più di un milione di neri americani, provenienti dagli Stati razzisti del sud, come parte della grande migrazione afroamericana. La crescita tumultuosa si arrestò bruscamente negli anni trenta, come conseguenza della Grande Depressione susseguente al crollo borsistico del 1929; la città ne approfittò per un consolidamento, andando incontro a significative risistemazioni del suo tessuto urbano durante il mandato del sindaco Fiorello La Guardia.
Dover proteggere l'oggetto magico più potente dell'era Sengoku, ovviamente, causò a Kikyo innumerevoli problemi, poiché sia gli umani, sia i mezzodemoni, sia i demoni più deboli erano ossessionati dal possedere la Sfera per accrescere il proprio potere. Fortunatamente, tranne rare eccezioni, il compito non era così gravoso per la donna che, grazie ai propri enormi poteri spirituali, disponeva facilmente dei nemici, che comunque non oltrepassavano mai un certo livello di potenza, altrimenti non avrebbero cercato di impadronirsi della Sfera. Da notare come, infatti, Sesshomaru non abbia mai neppure pensato, durante tutta la serie, di appropriarsi della Sfera.
A partire dal 1969, si disputò il primo Australian Open a Brisbane, il torneo era aperto a tutti i giocatori, compresi i professionisti che non erano ammessi nel circuito tradizionale. Tuttavia, ad eccezione del 1969 e del 1971, molti dei migliori giocatori non parteciparono a questa manifestazione fino al 1982, a causa della lontananza, la data scomoda (verso Natale e Capodanno) e il montepremi molto basso. Nel 1970 il National Tennis League (NTL), che contava tra le sue fila Rod Laver, Ken Rosewall, Andrés Gimeno, Pancho Gonzales, Roy Emerson e Fred Stolle, impedì ai suoi giocatori di prendere parte al torneo, perché le garanzie erano insufficienti, e il torneo fu vinto da Arthur Ashe.
Nel 2004, però, sono iniziate nuove controversie tra il governo italiano, che giudicava inefficiente la gestione del TOROC, e il TOROC stesso, che da parte sua accusava il governo di bloccare finanziamenti promessi in precedenza anche se in realtà avrebbe dovuto procurarsi i fondi in altro modo. Questa nuova crisi si è risolta nel mese di novembre, quando l'ex-presidente del CONI, ed attuale sottosegretario ai beni culturali, Mario Pescante è stato nominato dal governo supervisore dei XX Giochi olimpici invernali, con l'incarico di controllare l'avanzamento dei lavori. All'epoca il deficit di bilancio del TOROC era di 230 milioni di euro: gli enti locali si impegnarono a coprirne 70, il governo gli altri 160 (poi ridotti a 130).
A volte le femmine mature presentano i segni dei morsi dei maschi sul ventre, riconoscibili per la forma a "V".Le femmine depongono dalle 2 alle 12 uova nella vegetazione fitta, in buche nel terreno o sotto i massi.Tra luglio ed agosto nascono i piccoli.
Viene scoperto da Amedeo Minghi, che gli procura un contratto con la It, l'etichetta di Vincenzo Micocci per cui incide lo stesso Minghi, che diventa produttore di Castelnuovo.
La struttura progettuale di quegli anni era suddivisa in tre squadre autonome. La prima, capeggiata personalmente da Carlo Guzzi, si occupava principalmente di aggiornare e migliorare i modelli della gamma media. La seconda, affidata a Micussi, si occupava della progettazione e dello sviluppo dei modelli con propulsore a due tempi. La terza, il celebre "reparto corse", era affidata al vulcanico "tridente" Carcano-Todero-Cantoni.
Alp, Büyükaycan, Dağlı, Danişment, Erdenay, Gönülşen, İlkbaşaran, Kaplanoğlu, Kozluca, Küce, Okan, Poyrazoğlu, Tahir, Tunçeri, Uyguç, Vardaroğlu, All. Michael PrekopiakPallacanestro maschile ai IX Giochi del Mediterraneo
Ancora più numerose le costruzioni di epoca romana: mansio orientale e occidentale, fanum gallo-romano, edificio a cortile (forse un santuario), colonna di Giove (Columna Iovis in latino, Colonne de Joux in francese). In tale periodo il colle era chiamato Alpis Graia.
Si nutrono principalmente di artropodi e occasionalmente anche di frutta matura ed esemplari piccoli della stessa specie.I maschi adulti sono territoriali e si scontrano tra di loro.
Questa è la lista dei lungometraggi d'animazione prodotti o coprodotti da Walt Disney Pictures fuori da serie o categorie specifiche, e distribuiti nelle sale cinematografiche.
Abd Allāh bin ʿAbd al-ʿAzīz Āl Saʿūd, meglio conosciuto come ʿAbd Allāh o re Abdullah o "Abdullah bin Abdulaziz Al Saud" (in arabo: عبد الله بن عبد العزيز السعود‎; Riyad, 1º agosto 1924 – Riyad, 23 gennaio 2015), è stato il sesto re dell'Arabia Saudita, salito al trono il 1º agosto 2005 a ottantun anni esatti.
Hartnett è nato a Saint Paul, nel Minnesota, il 21 luglio del 1978, figlio di Daniel Thomas Hartnett, un amministratore condominiale di origini per metà irlandesi e per metà tedesche, e da Wendy Anne Kronstedt, di origini svedesi e norvegesi. I genitori divorziarono quando lui era ancora molto piccolo, pertanto crebbe con suo padre e la sua seconda moglie Molly, un'artista, dalla quale ebbe tre fratellastri: Jessica, Jake e Joe.
L'album di Morgan Da A ad A, uscito nel 2007 e sottotitolato "Teoria della catastrofi", s'ispira proprio a questo motto, che il cantante ha definito più volte come uno dei suoi preferiti.
Kikyo porta con sé un tradizionale saigu-yumi (letteralmente "Arco della sacerdotessa") di colore rosso ed una faretra di hamaya ("frecce distruttrici del male" o "frecce distruttrici dei demoni"), decorate con piume bianche. Kikyo possiede l'abilità di instillare in ogni freccia un grande potere spirituale, che è stato in grado di distruggere, rendere innocuo o sigillare qualsiasi demone o altra minaccia maligna che si sia presentata alla sacerdotessa.
Dopo aver iniziato come mezz'ala, giocò come terzino destro, stopper e libero. Eccellente marcatore, era solito prendere in custodia l'attaccante avversario più temibile. È stato considerato un modello per la serietà e la correttezza. Le sue virtù principali erano il vigore agonistico, l'abilità nel tackle e la concentrazione, oltre alla prontezza nell'anticipo.Per via della sua prestanza fisica fu soprannominato Roccia, nomignolo coniato da Armando Picchi, compagno di reparto nell'Inter e in nazionale.
Nella scena iniziale compare per la prima volta sugli schermi (anche se per pochi secondi) l'attrice Sharon Stone, al suo esordio assoluto (è la ragazza che manda un bacio a Sandy sul treno).
L'attentato, che ebbe una possente risonanza in tutto il mondo, causò quasi 3.000 vittime e diede l'inizio ad una serie di violente reazioni americane contro gli Stati accusati di ospitare le basi operative dei terroristi.
L'autunno può registrare tepori semi-estivi o anche calura (Indian Summer) ma verso la sua fine può portare anche le prime gelate e raramente le prime nevicate. L'autunno è la stagione in cui, grazie ai primi valori termici sotto lo zero, in tutto il New England (compresi, quindi, i vasti parchi di New York) esplode il fenomeno naturale del foliage, ossia la colorazione di forti tonalità pastello (soprattutto il marrone e il rosso) delle foglie degli alberi e delle foreste decidue. All'inizio dell'autunno (in qualche caso anche alla fine dell'estate) New York può essere interessata da uragani provenienti dalle acque dell'Atlantico tropicale; in genere, tuttavia, data la posizione della città, gli uragani arrivano dopo aver perso gran parte della loro potenza ed essere stati declassati a tempeste tropicali.
La frase è citata nel film di fantascienza L'uomo che cadde sulla Terra (film) (1976), all'interno di un dialogo atto a scoprire la menzogna del protagonista Thomas Jerome Newton, che afferma di essere britannico, per celare la propria origine extraterrestre.
Dal punto di vista civile la città era retta da un gastaldo ducale, mentre a livello religioso faceva capo alla chiesa matrice dei Santi Maria e Donato (metà del X secolo), a sua volta sottoposta nella diocesi di Torcello. Più tardi le si aggiunsero le pievi di San Salvatore, San Martino e Santo Stefano.
Tuttavia, nel 1919 la città era trascorsa dalla forte agitazione sociale del Biennio rosso, con occupazioni di fabbriche e diffuse violenze quotidiane che avevano portato Genova in uno stato di guerra civile, tale da rendere impensabile organizzare qualsiasi produzione. In attesa di tempi migliori, fu quindi deciso di avviare provvisoriamente l'attività nella tranquilla provincia di Lecco, precisamente con sede fisica nel garage di casa Guzzi, allo scopo di portare a termine la realizzazione del prototipo.
Kikyo è una miko (巫女, letteralmente "custode del tempio"?), una sacerdotessa, che proviene da un piccolo villaggio giapponese chiamato Musashi, durante il periodo storico dell'epoca Sengoku. Durante la sua vita, è stata una calma e riservata sacerdotessa che difendeva rigorosamente il villaggio dai demoni (yōkai), che altrimenti avrebbero impietosamente distrutto la piccola comunità.
Billroth, che ama incoraggiare i suoi studenti a compiere ricerche indipendenti, nel 1879 finanzia inoltre parzialmente al ragazzo un viaggio della durata di cinque mesi presso i più grandi centri di chirurgia in Germania, Svizzera, Francia e Gran Bretagna. In questa occasione Jan ha l'opportunità di conoscere i maggiori chirurghi europei, avendo così modo di approfondire la tecnica per il trattamento antisettico delle ferite, precedentemente introdotta da Joseph Lister, il che gli permetterà di avventurarsi in operazioni chirurgiche sempre più complesse.
Le prime esperienze discografiche a livello underground vengono fatte con la Mask Productions di Savona e, successivamente, con l'intraprendente etichetta fiorentina Contempo Records che ne pubblica l'EP Folk II.
New York e i suoi distretti sono legati da una fitta rete di superstrade e parkways. Poiché queste strade servono milioni di residenti e pendolari è abbastanza comune agli automobilisti di essere bloccati in ingorghi stradali per ore, specialmente nelle ora di punta.
I giudici dell'eliea erano detti eliasti. Unici requisiti per l'elezione degli eliasti erano il compimento dei 30 anni e il pieno possesso dei diritti civici. Gli eliasti erano 6.000, il numero che, nel diritto pubblico, rappresentava l'unanimità.
Ciò che oggi viene indicato con il termine "disturbo di Mikulicz" rappresenta la sindrome dell'infiammazione simmetrica delle ghiandole salivari e lacrimali.
Mikulicz inizia ad operare anche su scala maggiore, viaggiando molto più frequentemente e introducendo così la chirurgia itinerante, già praticata da William Stewart Halsted e Michael DeBakey.
Vidal, direttore della famigerata colonia penale francese dell'Isola del Diavolo, la governa con pugno di ferro. Al bagno penale, arrivano Michel, un giovane ladro, e Jacques, un pericoloso assassino. Madame Vidal, la bella moglie del direttore, disgustata dalla brutalità di quel mondo, si sente attratta da Michel, che è stato comandato come domestico in casa. Vidal, messo in allarme dai pettegolezzi che hanno come soggetto la moglie, minaccia il presunto rivale. La donna cerca di difendere Michel, accusando sé stessa: è vero che lei lo ama, ma il giovane è assolutamente innocente. Il suo intervento non serve a salvarlo dall'essere inviato in isolamento nella temuta isola di San Giuseppe. Avendo scoperto che il marito vuole tornare in Francia, la donna invia un messaggio a Michel attraverso Jacques. Il giovane progetta di fuggire per incontrarsi con la sua amata su un battello. Durante la fuga, Vidal annega e Jacques viene colpito a morte. Michel finisce per arrendersi, ma giura eterna fedeltà a Madame Vidal.
La stella principale è una stella bianca peculiare di tipo spettrale A0, la sua massa è 3,5 volte quella solare, mentre il raggio è 5 volte superiore.
Nel 2005 muore all'età di 94 anni anche l'ingegner Giulio Cesare Carcano, autore del famoso "Otto cilindri" e del motore bicilindrico a V trasversale di 90°, il twins, quello che, con le dovute modifiche culminate nell'8 valvole con camme in testa, è montato tutt'oggi sulle Moto Guzzi.
(EN) P. Gorecki, W. Gorecki: Jan Mikulicz-Radecki (1850–1905) – the creator of modern European medicine. Digestive Surgery 19 (2002), S. 313–320
Kikyo indossa una giacca bianca munita di sode-kukuri (cordoncini), che attraversano le maniche e le spalle scoperte, similmente agli indumenti di Inuyasha e di Jaken. Sottili fili chiamati muna-himo sono attaccati ad ogni risvolto e sono legati sul davanti per tenere chiuso l'indumento.Kosode
Ancora nel 1819 viene pubblicato il primo volume di uno dei suoi più noti capolavori, Il gatto Murr, dove ritorna la figura di Joahannes Kreisler in una sorta di biografia intrecciata a quella del gatto protagonista. In questo periodo Hoffmann prova un amore tutto spirituale per Johanna Eunike.
Hanno sede a New York anche numerose multinazionali operanti in tutti i settori produttivi. Oltre ad essere la città che ospita il maggior numero di corporations della lista Fortune 500, il numero di aziende estere che operano a New York non ha eguali negli Stati Uniti.
Sempre nello stesso anno, scrive la canzone Il gabbiano, che viene incisa in duetto con Laura Landi e compare nel 45 giri di quest'ultima Firenze, piccoli particolari (brano scritto invece dall'amico e scopritore Amedeo Minghi).
Arslan, Aydemir, Çetintahra, Demiral, Kuqo, Öz, Özcan, Özer, Pastal, Peker, Tunçeri, Veyseloğlu, All. Bogdan TanjevićPallacanestro maschile ai XVI Giochi del Mediterraneo
È una pianta emblematica della macchia mediterranea e della gariga mediterranea costiera, che in tali condizioni vitali subisce il fenomeno della estivazione, cioè ha la fase vitale (produzione di foglie fiori e frutti) in inverno fino alla primavera. Quando le condizioni vitali divengono critiche per il caldo e l'arido in estate, si ha una fase di completa stasi della vegetazione, inclusa la caduta delle foglie.
Prima di trasferirsi al Melbourne Park, l'Australian Open non aveva una data fissa, in particolare nei primi anni a causa del clima. Per esempio, subito dopo la prima guerra mondiale, nel 1919 il torneo si è svolto nel mese di gennaio, il torneo di Brisbane si disputò ad agosto, quando il clima non era troppo caldo e umido. Dopo un primo torneo svoltosi nel dicembre del 1976, gli organizzatori scelsero di spostare il successivo torneo in avanti di un paio di giorni, poi un secondo torneo fu giocato nel 1977 (finito il 31 dicembre), ma questo fallì il suo proposito di attrarre i migliori giocatori del mondo. Dal 1982 al 1985, il torneo si svolse a metà dicembre, poi si decise di spostare il successivo torneo a metà gennaio (gennaio 1987), quindi non si è disputato il torneo nel 1986. Dal 1987, la data degli Australian Open non è più cambiata. Tuttavia, alcuni giocatori, tra cui Roger Federer e Rafael Nadal, hanno detto che il torneo si tiene troppo presto, dopo le vacanze di Natale e Capodanno, per far in modo che i giocatori raggiungano la loro miglior forma hanno espresso il desiderio di far slittare la data di inizio del torneo a febbraio.
Neve e Gliz sono le mascotte ufficiali dei Giochi Olimpici invernali di Torino 2006, create dal designer portoghese Pedro Albuquerque.Rappresentano le caratteristiche dei Giochi invernali, cioè "neve” e “ghiaccio". Neve, personaggio femminile, è una palla di neve vestita in rosso e rappresenta la morbidezza, l'amicizia e l'eleganza. Gliz ( forma abbreviata di “Ghiaccio”), personaggio maschile, è un cubetto di ghiaccio vestito di azzurro e rappresenta l'entusiasmo e la gioia.
Anche il numero 6 è piuttosto ricorrente: 6 storie raccontate, 6 luoghi, 6 epoche, 6 personaggi principali (quelli che hanno la voglia), Cloud Atlas Sextet (Sestetto dell'atlante delle nuvole) è il nome dell'opera musicale composta da Frobisher e 106 sono gli anni dopo la "Caduta" nell'ultima storia.
Il 27 ottobre 1940 Sanders sposò Susan Larson, ma il matrimonio si concluse nel 1949 con il divorzio. Nello stesso anno si risposò con l'attrice ungherese Zsa Zsa Gabor, dalla quale divorziò nel 1954. Il 10 febbraio 1959 Sanders sposò l'attrice Benita Hume, vedova dell'attore Ronald Colman. La Hume morì nel 1967 e Sanders si risposò per l'ultima volta, il 4 dicembre 1970, con Magda Gabor, la sorella maggiore della sua seconda moglie, ma l'unione durò solo sei settimane e, dopo quest'ultima esperienza matrimoniale, l'attore iniziò a bere.Negli ultimi anni di vita accusò sintomi di confusione mentale e soffrì di attacchi di collera, disturbi aggravati da problemi fisici di salute. Il precario equilibrio emotivo è percepibile negli ultimi suoi film, dove lo si può veder barcollante. Secondo l'attore Brian Aherne, suo biografo e amico, Sanders fu colpito anche da una lieve ischemia cerebrale, le cui conseguenze influirono sull'interpretazione del suo ultimo film, Psychomania (1973), un horror a basso costo di produzione, nel quale la voce dell'attore risulta palesemente alterata.L'ultima compagna di Sanders, una donna messicana di diversi anni più giovane di lui, lo convinse a vendere la sua villa a Maiorca, decisione che egli più tardi rimpianse amaramente. Da allora andò alla deriva: non riuscendo a sopportare l'idea di perdere la propria salute e di dover dipendere da altri, sprofondò nella depressione. Fu in quel periodo che portò fuori il suo pianoforte e lo sfasciò con un'accetta non essendo più in grado di suonarlo.Morì suicida, in un albergo della località catalana di Castelldefels, nei pressi di Barcellona, dopo aver ingerito una dose letale di barbiturici. Lasciò un biglietto in cui dava il suo addio alla «soave fogna» della vita.Pubblicata nel 1960, la sua autobiografia Memoirs of a Professional Cad ("Memorie di un mascalzone professionista") fu accolta favorevolmente dalla critica per l'arguzia della narrazione.Fu Sanders stesso a suggerire il titolo A Dreadful Man ("Un uomo terribile") per la sua biografia, scritta successivamente da Brian Aherne e pubblicata nel 1979.
Fra il 1775 e il 1783 New York attraversò le vicende della guerra di indipendenza americana, conclusasi con il Trattato di Parigi. New York venne occupata dalle truppe britanniche nel settembre 1776 dopo la battaglia di Long Island e rimase sotto il controllo inglese fino al termine della guerra. Poco tempo dopo, nel 1785, New York divenne sede del Congresso della Confederazione; subito dopo la sua creazione, prevista dalla Costituzione, il Congresso degli Stati Uniti d'America ebbe come sede la Federal Hall, in Wall Street. Nel settembre 1788 la città divenne la prima capitale degli Stati Uniti d'America; l'anno seguente George Washington vi giurò come primo presidente.. Secondo il primo censimento statunitense nel 1790 New York aveva 30.000 abitanti.
In ottobre Cain si infortunò ad un ginocchio e dovette dare forfeit, rimandando quindi il suo esordio in Messico e venendo sostituito da Mark Hunt che quindi affrontò Fabricio Werdum in un match valido per il titolo dei pesi massimi ad interim, dominato totalmente da Werdum.
Sul fronte dell'innovazione da segnalare anche la presenza su questi due modelli dell'evoluto sistema trasmissione cardanica a quadrilatero articolato, brevettata dalla Guzzi e contrassegnata dall'acronimo CA.R.C. Cardano Reattivo Compatto
Infine nel 2002 è stata in Law & Order. Jane Powell non ha disdegnato di parlare, in talk-show cui era invitata, di problemi personali, come ad esempio la dipendenza da sostanze stupefacenti di uno dei suoi figli. È accaduto negli anni settanta mentre collaborava alla conduzione del The Mike Douglas Show.
Originariamente pensata per Yvonne Elliman, il brano alla fine fu usato per la colonna sonora del film La febbre del sabato sera, dove compare nei titoli di coda. Raggiunse la posizione numero tre in Inghilterra, mentre negli Stati Uniti raggiunse la vetta della Billboard Hot 100 il 24 dicembre 1977 per tre settimane, e rimase nella top 10 per 17 settimane. Nel resto del mondo è arrivata al primo posto in Brasile, Canada, Cile, Finlandia e Francia, la seconda in Irlanda, la terza in Australia e Regno Unito, la quarta in Svezia, la quinta in Norvegia, la sesta in Nuova Zelanda, la settima in Spagna e l'ottava in Olanda.
Nel 2009 partecipa come ospite al disco "Balera metropolitana" dei Maisie (edito dall'etichetta del gruppo, la Snowdonia Dischi). Castelnuovo esegue una versione acustica del brano n. 79 - ISTITUTO MARINO (Via ortopedico).
Nel 1983, i Matia Bazar partecipano al Festival di Sanremo con il brano Vacanze romane, che vince il Premio della Critica. Questo brano ottiene una straordinaria popolarità e anticipa l'album Tango con le sue nuove sonorità elettroniche. Per il brano Il video sono io viene realizzato un videoclip con la regia di Piccio Raffanini, che vincerà la manifestazione Rimini Myfest e diventerà sigla finale di Domenica in.
Melbourne Park (prima conosciuto come Flinders Park) è stato costruito per il torneo del 1988 per soddisfare le esigenze di un torneo che aveva superato la capacità di Kooyong. Il passaggio a Melbourne Park è stato un successo immediato, con un 90 per cento di aumento in presenze nel 1988 (266.436) rispetto all'anno precedente a Kooyong (140.000).
Al 67º Salone Internazionale del Motociclo di Milano del 2009, vengono presentati tre prototipi denominati rispettivamente V12LM, V12 Strada e V12 X. Le tre avveniristiche motociclette, disegnate da Pierre Terblanche e Miguel Galluzzi, riscuotono enorme successo guadagnando dalla Motorcycle Design Association Award (associazione di design che vanta 165 membri distribuiti in quattro continenti) il riconoscimento quali migliori modelli presentati al motosalone. Le nuove motociclette hanno l'obiettivo dichiarato di rilanciare definitivamente il marchio Moto Guzzi al successo commerciale e sportivo.
Nel settembre del 1795 Hoffmann consegue la laurea in legge e il prozio, il consigliere reale Christoph Ernst Vöteri (1722-1795), un notaio al servizio di molte famiglie nobili della Prussia Orientale, lo prende con sé come aiutante ed Hoffmann lo accompagnerà più volte nelle visite ai loro possedimenti (episodio che si ritroverà nel racconto Il maggiorasco). Nel giugno 1796 viene poi mandato a Glogau, in Slesia, dallo zio materno, il consigliere Johann Ludwig Dörffer, presso il quale lavora per due anni come uditore. Preferisce la compagnia degli artisti locali alla società borghese di Glogau e, benché egli sia attaccato alla tradizione protestante, sceglie solo amici cattolici.
Il sistema dei trasporti terrestri, è poi integrato da una serie di molto economici traghetti (ferries), che collegano soprattutto Manhattan verso ovest allo stato del New Jersey (attraversando il fiume Hudson) e verso sud a Staten Island (traghetto gratuito, in servizio 24 ore al giorno, che fornisce una buona vista della Statua della Libertà e di Ellis Island).
In seguito al decreto Napoleonico, la chiesa ed il convento vengono soppressi. Nel 1826 che la ditta Fratelli Marietti di Milano acquistò dal demanio la chiesa e l'annesso convento per impiantarvi la loro produzione di bottiglie nere per vino e di lastre di vetro. Dopo varie vicissitudini e passaggi di proprietà, alla fine del XX secolo l'edificio subì un crollo parziale, rimanendo praticamente abbandonato.
(DE) Klaus Kausch: Politisch heimatlos in Osteuropa. Zum Gedenken an Johann von Mikulicz-Radecki. Deutsches Ärzteblatt 77 (1980), S. 2001–2007
Abita di fronte al teatro e all'albergo della Rosa, che è descritto nel Don Juan, in una casetta stretta, la cui mansarda gli funge da rifugio; ci lavora seduto sul bordo dell'abbaino, le gambe penzolanti nel vuoto, amato dai gatti del vicinato, che descriverà nel Gatto Murr. Nel pavimento ha fatto aprire un'apertura attraverso la quale sua moglie gli passa da mangiare. Compositore, scenografo, direttore d'orchestra, decoratore, librettista, diventa di fatto l'unico animatore di spettacoli che guadagnano il favore del pubblico e prende piacere a far rappresentare le opere che preferisce: Shakespeare, Calderon, Gozzi, Heinrich von Kleist, Zacharias Werner, Mozart, Beethoven.
Dopo la morte della madre, Jimena ritorna nell'orfanotrofio per stare con i ragazzi; ma, dopo che le viene offerto un viaggio in Spagna per realizzare il sogno di sua madre, lei lo accetta e parte.
Mikulicz trascorre a Cracovia cinque anni molto produttivi. Le condizioni sanitarie degli ospedali polacchi non sono delle migliori: di 50000 abitanti solo 270 compiono studi o professioni in ambito medico; in ospedale sono presenti solo ventun letti operatori e nell'anno precedente era stata compiuta un'unica procedura intra-addominale. Mikulicz avvia un intero nuovo padiglione e lentamente comincia a farsi conoscere e apprezzare come chirurgo e successivamente come Presidente della Società Medica Scientifica.
A dominare l'architettura dei complessi religiosi è l'architettura neogotica, stile con cui sono costruite le tre più importanti e conosciute chiese della città. La più celebre è la cattedrale di San Patrizio sulla fifth avenue, è la cattedrale cattolica di New York e rappresenta una della maggiori testimonianze della presenza irlandese nella zona; famosa è la sua situazione urbanistica incastonata tra i grattacieli, da cui deriva parte della sua notorietà. Altra cattedrale della città, appartenente alla chiesa episcopale, è la cattedrale di Saint John the Divine costruita sul modello delle cattedrali gotiche francesi, la sua costruzione va avanti a fasi alterne da più di cento anni: secondo alcune fonti sarebbe la chiesa gotica più grande al mondo. La Trinity Church, ricostruita in forme neogotiche a metà dell'ottocento su una chiesa preesistente, al momento del suo completamento col suo campanile rappresentava l'edificio più alto della città; infine la chiesa ospita l'ultimo cimitero rimasto in uso a Manhattan.
la Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, sotto il controllo congiunto degli stati di New York e New Jersey, che gestisce il PATH (Port Authority Trans Hudson), la metropolitana extracittadina che collega Manhattan al New Jersey, e diverse linee di autobus che convergono al Port Authority Bus Terminal, vicino a Times Square;
Piri piri è un nome per alcune varietà di peperoncino, note anche come Peri peri e Pili pili e anche dette diavolo africano; in inglese è anche noto come African Birds Eye Chili (peperoncino occhio d'uccelli). Alcune varietà appartengono alla specie C. frutescens, mentre altre a C. annuum. Alcune potrebbero essere un ibrido tra le due. Sono tra le più piccanti che non appartengano alla specie C. chinense.
Queens (Contea del Queens, 2.306.712 abitanti) è il distretto più esteso e la contea degli Stati Uniti più varia dal punto di vista etnico. Si affaccia a nord sul Long Island Sound. Prima di unirsi a New York, era composto da piccole città e villaggi, fondati dagli olandesi. Due dei maggiori aeroporti della città hanno sede a Queens: si tratta del LaGuardia e del John F. Kennedy International. Nel Queens era situato il leggendario Shea Stadium.
2009 - Balera Metropolitana (Snowdonia Dischi; album dei Maisie, Castelnuovo è presente nella versione acustica della canzone n. 79 - ISTITUTO MARINO (Via ortopedico)
Nel 1887 Mikulicz viene nominato Direttore della Clinica e Professore di Chirurgia a Königsberg. La città possiede strutture chirurgiche molto avanzate per quel tempo. La famiglia si integra bene e per Mikulicz è un'occasione per riavvicinarsi ai circoli medici tedeschi.
Durante il periodo degli insediamenti greci, alla popolazione indigena si unirono gli elleni, creando un grosso centro sicilioto non molto distante da Imera, importante centro di cultura e di commercio fondato dai greci.
Nel 1821 è la volta del già citato Mastro Pulce, di cui una parte del manoscritto è inviata all'editore Wilmans. Scrive poi diversi altri racconti, che verranno in seguito pubblicati come Letzte Erzâhlungen (Ultimi racconti); tra questi vi sono La finestra del cugino, La marchesa de la Pivardière, La guarigione, I sosia. Il 1º dicembre 1821, in un toccante biglietto scritto all'amico Hippel, dà l'annuncio della morte del suo amato gatto, che si chiamava Murr, proprio come il protagonista del suo romanzo.
Questa frase è presente sul logo delle famose sigarette Pall Mall (all'interno dello scudo tenuto dai leoni): sulle stesse è riportata un'altra citazione latina, In hoc signo vinces.
Lì dipinge, disegna, compone un'opéra-comique, La Maschera, che dedica alla regina Louise (ma che il direttore di spettacolo, Iffland, rifiuta) e frequenta assiduamente il mondo delle riviste e dei teatri, che è abbastanza attivo in quegli anni, anche se il romanticismo ha ancora i suoi focolai più attivi nella Germania del Sud, a Jena, tra il 1798 e il 1806, attorno ai fratelli August e Friedrich Schlegel, Ludwig Tieck e Novalis, e a partire dal 1804 a Heidelberg, attorno a Joseph Görres, Achim von Arnim, Bettina Brentano e Clemens Brentano. Il gruppo di Berlino inizierà ad imporsi solo a partire dal 1808, con delle figure come August Wilhelm Schlegel, Adelbert von Chamisso, Friedrich de la Motte Fouqué, Heinrich von Kleist, Zacharias Werner, Joseph von Eichendorff e E. T. A. Hoffmann.
Dal 2003 il gruppo ha lavorato al ritorno ad un'opera discografica compiuta, la prima dopo Elvengamello: si tratta di un progetto ispirato alla preghiera ed alla sacralità uscito nell'estate del 2008, cui hanno collaborato il compositore/d.j. Giapponese Nobukazu Takemura, l'attore/interprete della tradizione ebraica Enrico Fink, il pluristrumentista Roberto Laneri (già fondatore dell'ensemble vocale Prima Materia e collaboratore di Peter Gabriel) e l'etno-musicologo Giancarlo Palombini.
Il biennio 1992-1993 è tempo di un'altra doppietta tra gli uomini, quella di Jim Courier. Courier vive in quegli anni il top della sua carriera e batte per due volte consecutive in quattro set Stefan Edberg.
Nel 1956 la Powell registrò una canzone, True Love, salita al quindicesimo posto nelle classifiche di vendita stilate da Billboard e piazzatasi al 107.mo posto nelle Pop music chart di quell'anno (secondo le statistiche stilate da Joel Whitburn). È stato quello il suo unico singolo che si è posizionato in classifica.
Il 15 marzo 1921 il cavaliere Emanuele Vittorio Parodi, suo figlio Giorgio e l'amico di quest'ultimo Carlo Guzzi fondarono a Genova la "Società Anonima Moto Guzzi", con sede legale nel capoluogo ligure e sede produttiva a Mandello Tonzanico (poi divenuto Mandello del Lario). Per il logo fu scelta l'aquila, simbolo del Corpo Aeronautico nella Prima Guerra Mondiale, in onore al comune amico e mancato quarto socio Giovanni Ravelli, pilota motociclistico e aviatore, caduto con il suo aereo durante un volo di collaudo nel 1919.
la New Jersey Transit, società dello stato del New Jersey, che gestisce le linee ferroviarie che dal New Jersey terminano a Penn Station (New Jersey Transit Rail), oltre che a molte linee di autobus.
940 Custom, successivamente ribattezzata "Bellagio", con il nuovo motore 940 e la sospensione posteriore monobraccio CA.R.C., è una nuova tipologia di custom chiaramente ispirata alle moto da dirt track, una custom che non esprime un carattere pacioso bensì dinamico. La 940 Custom è anche dotata di un inedito telaio che si mantiene però fedele allo schema a doppia culla progettato originariamente dall'Ing. Tonti.La nuova gestione e la rinnovata vitalità progettuale e commerciale comincia subito a produrre risultati incoraggianti. La mattina del giorno 11 dicembre 2006 viene prodotta a Mandello la decimillesima moto dell'anno (si tratta di una 1200Sport), una crescita costante che è passata dalle 4.000 moto scarse del 2004 alle 7.000 del 2005, per giungere alle oltre 10.000 del 2006. Per ritrovare lo stesso volume produttivo bisogna fare un salto indietro di oltre vent'anni, per l'esattezza al 1983.
Come buona parte della Valle d'Aosta, l'economia del comune si basa sul turismo: nel periodo invernale le presenze sono dovute allo sci alpino, grazie a numerosi impianti dell'Espace San Bernardo che raggiungono la località di La Rosière in territorio francese.
Dopo "The W" (2000 Loud Records) e "Iron Flag" (2001 Loud Records), usciti come Wu-Tang Clan, Raekwon pubblica il suo terzo disco solista, "The Lex Diamond Story" (2003 Universal). Il disco non riesce a bissare le cifre dei suoi predecessori e finisce con l'oscurare la figura dell'MC di Staten Island.
Per molti newyorkesi l’autobus non rientra tra le opportunità di trasporto, in quanto viene considerato un mezzo lento e inaffidabile, il cui unico scopo sia trasportare gli anziani.In servizio 24 ore su 24, le fermate si trovano a intervalli di pochi isolati.
Nelle aree in cui le due specie convivono, la P. muralis tende a diventare molto più rupicola e ad occupare nicchie diverse dalla più praticola e competitiva P. siculus.
L'onda del rinnovamento perseguita dalla nuova proprietà comincia ad essere visibile anche all'interno della storica fabbrica di Mandello. Nel mese di settembre viene inaugurata la nuova e modernissima linea di assemblaggio motori, alla quale se ne aggiungerà una seconda nel 2007. Moto Guzzi continua quindi a riaffermare il suo legame con il territorio lariano ed italiano, evitando le ormai generalizzate delocalizzazioni produttive che snaturerebbero le radici stesse dello storico Marchio.
Da quell'esperienza agonistica nel 1992 viene commercializzata la Daytona 1000 IE, versione stradale della moto che vinse l'omonima gara e che venne però troppo a lungo attesa (la sua prima presentazione al pubblico risaliva infatti al 1988) per poter diventare un successo commerciale.
Benjamin Raich (Austria, sci alpino): gli riesce, come solo ad Alberto Tomba e Ingemar Stenmark, la doppietta slalom gigante - slalom speciale.
4 Yarangüme, 5 Güler, 6 Atsür, 7 Onan, 8 İlyasova, 9 Erden, 10 Tunçeri, 11 Savaş, 12 Aşık, 13 Arslan, 14 Hersek, 15 Türkoğlu, All. Bogdan TanjevićFIBA EuroBasket 2011
La crisi economica però si acuisce e il 1º febbraio 1967 la gestione della Moto Guzzi passa alla SEIMM (Società Esercizio Industrie Moto Meccaniche), una società costituita dalle banche creditrici. Viene messa in vendita la V7 dotata del V2 di 90º con una cilindrata di 703cc.
L'uscita di Cloud Atlas negli Stati Uniti è avvenuta il 26 ottobre 2012. La Warner Bros. ha distribuito il film negli Stati Uniti e in Canada, mentre Focus Features distribuirà il film negli altri stati. In Italia il film è stato distribuito dalla Eagle Pictures il 10 gennaio 2013.
Nelle altre 2 finali batterà Arnaud Clément nel 2001 e Rainer Schüttler nel 2003. Con quest'ultima vittoria Agassi diventa il tennista più vincente in Australia nell'era Open fino a quel momento con quattro successi.
Nel torneo maschile i migliori tennisti del mondo non parteciperanno per ancora tre anni, quando vincono Brian Teacher e Johan Kriek (due volte).
4 Balbay, 5 Preldžič, 6 Güler, 7 Batuk, 8 İlyasova, 9 Erden, 10 Çetin, 11 Savaş, 12 Gönlüm, 13 Arslan, 14 Aşık, 15 Türkoğlu, All. Bogdan TanjevićFIBA EuroBasket 2015
Nel 2002 partecipano per la terza volta consecutiva al Festival di Sanremo con Messaggio d'amore, vincendo la manifestazione e completando il ciclo di ritorno al successo del "nuovo" gruppo. Il brano viene inserito, come inedito da studio insieme a Ritmo della luna, nella raccolta live Messaggi dal vivo.
In teatro la Powell ha compiuto tournée con diverse produzioni di commedie e musical fra cui Unsinkable Molly Brown, South Pacific, The Sound of Music, Oklahoma!, My Fair Lady, Carousel, I Do! I Do!, Meet Me in St. Louis, Peter Pan, The Girl Next Door and How She Grew (titolo anche della sua autobiografia) ed Irene, con cui fece il suo debutto sulle scene di Broadway, subentrando a Debbie Reynolds nel ruolo della protagonista Irene. Lei e Howard Keel sono apparsi insieme sul palcoscenico in un revival di Sette spose per sette fratelli.
L'Avon Championships of Chicago 1981 è stato un torneo di tennis giocato sul sintetico indoor. È stata la 10ª edizione del torneo, che fa parte del WTA Tour 1981. Si è giocato al Chicago Amphitheatre di Chicago, Illinois negli USA dal 26 gennaio al 1º febbraio 1981.
Il 1950 è caratterizzato dalla costruzione al suo interno, prima casa motociclistica al mondo, di una galleria del vento in scala 1:1, tuttora esistente e funzionante. È da segnalare che lo stesso impianto venne anche concesso in uso gratuito alla concorrenza per i propri studi aerodinamici, tanta era la sicurezza nel proprio superiore livello tecnologico. Grazie a questo importante strumento vengono introdotte per la prima volta sulle moto da competizione le prime sovrastrutture aerodinamiche, dapprima semplici carenature superiori (famoso il "becco" destinato a generare carico alla ruota anteriore), poi allungate verso il basso a coprire le gambe del pilota, fino ad arrivare alle carenature cosiddette "a campana" che arrivavano ad inglobare la ruota anteriore. Con l'intento di limitare le prestazioni velocistiche, pochi anni dopo la Federazione Internazionale vietò l'uso di tali estese carenature, ormai utilizzate da tutti (e che si meritarono il macabro appellativo di "bare volanti").
Le alture del Donec (in russo: Доне́цкий кряж, Doneckij krjaž?; in ucraino Донецький кряж, Donec'kij krjaž) sono una catena di bassi rilievi collinari estesa nel territorio dell'Ucraina orientale e della Russia europea meridionale.
Una volta però sposato, Mikulicz deve rinunciare al suo incarico di assistente, così la famiglia rimane a Vienna dove Jan inizia a lavorare in una clinica multidisciplinare.
La parte di edificio ristrutturato (anno 1870) non fu convertito in lazzaretto, bensì in ospedale che doveva curare gli ammalati muranesi. L'operazione fu finanziata da Natale Ongaro, un emigrato muranese che fece fortuna a Trieste. Per motivi economici l'ospedale non entrò mai in funzione. Negli ultimi anni del secolo fu adoperato come ricovero per donne sole ed indigenti. Verso il 1910 venne usato come lazzaretto (epidemia di colera). Parecchi anni più tardi ospitò famiglie povere.
Al festival di Bellaria 2017 i Matia Bazar partecipano per la prima volta in una formazione nuovissima e giovane. A capo del marchio il polistrumentista Fabio Perversi, alla voce la nuova vocalist Luna. Eseguono live i pezzi Solo tu, Stasera che sera, Cavallo bianco, Ti sento e il nuovo singolo in uscita a metà dicembre.
L'autonomia di Murano fu confermata sotto Napoleone, quando venne riconosciuta come comune autonomo comprendente anche Sant'Erasmo e le Vignole. Nello stesso periodo si assistette alla chiusura e alla demolizione di moltissimi conventi e chiese (oggi se ne contano solo tre). L'istituzione fu soppressa nel 1923 assieme a Burano e a Pellestrina per confluire nel comune di Venezia.
Il film inizia con un Don Bosco anziano, stanco, costretto all'immobilità su di una poltrona. Ritorna così coi pensieri alla fanciullezza, quando camminava con lo sguardo rivolto al Signore sopra una fune, per far divertire i suoi amici, oltre alle varie vicissitudini accadutegli nella realizzazione del suo più grande sogno: dedicarsi completamente ai giovani per dare loro speranza, fiducia, ed un futuro dignitoso. Si vede quindi un don Bosco che raccoglie per le strade i giovani, i vagabondi, i ladruncoli, gli sbandati. Li cerca dovunque: nei cantieri, nei bassifondi, nei prati. Il modo di fare di don Bosco conquista subito i giovani e ben presto diventa il loro beniamino. Trovato un posto in campagna da adibire ad oratorio, don Bosco, con l'aiuto di Don Borel e altri giovani sacerdoti, inizia a porre i primi mattoni su quella che poi diventerà la comunità dei salesiani, accogliendo all'oratorio tutti i giovani di Torino. Nonostante le chiare buone e cristiane intenzioni del sacerdote, don Bosco viene ostacolato più volte dai politici del tempo, che lo credono un agitatore. Stesso discorso vale per gli insurrezionisti pro Repubblica, che tentano anzi di ucciderlo più volte, ma don Bosco riesce sempre a cavarsela. Si reca pure prima da papa Pio IX e poi da papa Leone XIII per cercare un supporto alla sua comunità che nel frattempo si è ingrandita tantissimo e che conta molti seguaci. Il film si conclude con la morte di don Bosco, non prima che questi abbia ringraziato con una preghiera la Madonna, ritenuta da lui la fonte della sua opera di carità.
Il 4 marzo 1996 Burgnich diventa allenatore del Foggia, ultimo in classifica in Serie B, a sette punti dalla salvezza. Il tecnico di Ruda, con una notevole serie di risultati utili, è riuscito a chiudere il campionato salvando i rossoneri, conquistando l'undicesimo posto. La stagione seguente, con una formazione giovane, Burgnich ha conquistato un altro 11º posto, non venendo riconfermato per l'annata successiva. Subentra nel Natale 1997 a Claudio Maselli sulla panchina del Genoa, ottenendo 20 punti nelle prime otto partite, con la squadra che passa dal penultimo posto a ridosso della zona promozione, classificandosi ottava a fine torneo.
Il 5 ottobre 2007 è la volta di One1 Two2 Three3 Four4, una raccolta che rivisita successi delle principali band italiane. Il 9 maggio 2008 si ripete in modo del tutto analogo il progetto con One1 Two2 Three3 Four4 - Volume due.
Il potere legislativo è esercitato da un Consiglio cittadino di 51 membri, ciascuno dei quali rappresenta un distretto elettorale di circa 160.000 persone. Sia il sindaco che il consiglio restano in carica 4 anni: le ultime elezioni si sono tenute nel 2013.
Arrivato nell'estate 1986 al Vicenza, viene esonerato nel febbraio 1987: al suo successore Alfredo Magni le cose andranno peggio, sino alla retrocessione in Serie C1. Alla Cremonese non riesce a salvare la squadra dalla retrocessione, perdendo le ultime quattro partite. Confermato nel 1990-1991, Burgnich non va oltre il centroclassifica e viene esonerato dopo 23 giornate: sarà il sostituto Gustavo Giagnoni a centrare la promozione.
Il periodo speso a Cracovia termina poiché Mikulicz, pur essendo diventato un chirurgo di fama mondiale, si ritrova in una famiglia non integrata nella cultura e nelle tradizioni polacche.
A sostituire Silvia Mezzanotte viene chiamata Roberta Faccani, che entrerà ufficialmente come cantante verso la fine del 2004, e la sua collaborazione con i Matia Bazar sarà regolata da un contratto, a tempo determinato, della durata di cinque anni.
4 Akyol, 5 Güler, 6 Ermiş, 7 Onan, 8 İlyasova, 9 Erden, 10 Tunçeri, 11 Savaş, 12 Gönlüm, 13 Arslan, 14 Aşık, 15 Türkoğlu, All. Bogdan TanjevićCampionato mondiale maschile di pallacanestro 2014
Sempre nel 1991 i Matia partecipano ad alcune tappe del Cantagiro, dove presentano il singolo Volo anch'io, altri successi del gruppo e un duetto con Vincenzo Spampinato in Antico suono degli dei. Nel 1992 partecipano per la sesta volta al Festival di Sanremo con Piccoli giganti, brano che si rivela di ottimo successo e viene inserito come inedito nella raccolta Tutto il mondo dei Matia Bazar.
la pista per bob, slittino e skeleton di Cesana (l'unica di livello internazionale in Italia, insieme con quella di Cortina d'Ampezzo);Le principali opere infrastrutturali concomitanti ai Giochi hanno riguardato invece:
Frecce sacre (破魔の矢 Hama no Ya?): scagliando una delle sue frecce, può annullare l'aura maligna di un demone, o danneggiarlo, e purificare i frammenti della Sfera.
Alla fine del 2003, dopo che il ramo saudita di Al Qaeda aveva effettuato una serie di attentati che minacciavano di destabilizzare il paese, il principe ereditario insieme ad altre élite decisionali ha iniziato a occuparsi di alcune questioni politiche. Una di queste mosse è stato il suo progetto di promuovere una maggiore tolleranza per la diversità religiosa per isolare le forme di estremismo politico-religioso del regno, portando alla creazione di un dialogo nazionale. Nell'estate del 2003, Abd Allah ha riunito i leader religiosi in un incontro molto pubblicizzato a cui hanno partecipato il preminente studioso sciita Hasan al-Saffar, così come un gruppo di chierici sunniti che avevano espresso in passato il loro disgusto per la minoranza sciita.
La sua migliore interpretazione, peraltro, è forse quella in Sette spose per sette fratelli (1954), con Howard Keel, in cui ebbe l'opportunità di evidenziare una maggiore maturità rispetto ai precedenti film. Altre pellicole da lei interpretate sono poi state: Rich, Young and Pretty (1951), Amore provinciale (1953), Three Sailors and a Girl (1953), Athena e le 7 sorelle (1954), Deep in My Heart (1954), Hit the Deck (1955) e The Girl Most Likely (1957).
Nel 1947 è stato retrocesso un territorio di 3,22 km² al comune francese di Séez comprendente l'ospizio del Piccolo San Bernardo, già nel versante italiano delle Alpi, in seguito ai trattati di pace di Parigi.
Risale al 1994 la sua collaborazione con la Formula 3 (il cui batterista, Tony Cicco, ha suonato spesso con Castelnuovo sia in concerto che su disco): scrive infatti i testi per alcune canzoni contenute nell'album La casa dell'imperatore, Come James Dean, Chiara dei lampi, Vicino e lontano, Allo specchio e la title track, che racconta la vita di un extracomunitario che vive da barbone (la casa dell'imperatore del titolo e del testo è la Domus Aurea fatta costruire da Nerone a Roma), e che viene presentata al Festival di Sanremo 1994.
Attrice eclettica, capace di eccellere sia nel tragico sia nel comico, si diploma nel 1989 alla Bottega Teatrale di Firenze, diretta da Vittorio Gassmann.
Nel periodo estivo le escursioni più significative si snodano verso il rifugio Alberto Deffeyes, il ghiacciaio del Rutor e la vetta della Testa del Rutor. Altre escursioni si diramano all'interno del vallone d'Arpy.
Cinquant'anni dopo questi avvenimenti, però, la Sfera si riformò all'interno del corpo di Kagome Higurashi, reincarnazione di Kikyo, riaccendendo gli interessi di tutti, compresi quelli di Naraku, intorno al potente oggetto magico. Conoscendo l'abilità di Kikyo, che le permetteva di localizzare istantaneamente la Sfera, una strega, Urasue, che mirava a ritrovare ed a fare suoi i poteri della Sfera, decise di riportare in vita la sacerdotessa Kikyo. A causa della tecnica usata per resuscitarla, l'arte del forno demoniaco, dopo la sua resurrezione, Kikyo inizia a nutrire un bisogno continuo di assimilare anime di donne morte per poter rimanere all'interno del suo nuovo corpo. Per facilitarsi il compito è quindi costretta a chiedere aiuto a dei particolari demoni, gli Shinidamachu, che le portano di continuo le anime che le servono.
La stazione è dotata di una banchina centrale a isola con due binari al livello del terreno. Sono presenti anche due binari laterali per i treni della linea Sōbu Rapida privi di banchine, in quanto i treni non fermano presso Nishi-Chiba.
Nel 1925 a Mandello sono costruite, da oltre 300 lavoratori, 1.200 Motocicli mentre nel 1927, accanto ai modelli sportivi, per sperimentare l'efficienza del telaio elastico (prima moto al mondo dotata di questo accorgimento), il fratello di Carlo, Giuseppe Guzzi, guida un nuovo modello, la G.T. in un raid a Capo Nord. Grazie al successo dell'impresa la G.T. poté fregiarsi meritatamente del nome Norge datogli inizialmente in onore del dirigibile omonimo. Giuseppe fu l'inventore, ed il progettista insieme a Carlo, del telaio elastico con sospensione posteriore. Va ricordato che, precedentemente a questa innovazione, i motocicli avevano il telaio completamente rigido analogamente alle biciclette.
Un altro interessante dato di mercato: la quota di moto vendute all'estero supera il 60%, a dimostrazione dell'affetto che questo Marchio continua a riscuotere in tutto il mondo.
Il 13 giugno 1982, alla morte di re Khalid e all'ascesa al trono di Fahd, Abd Allah divenne principe ereditario, mantenendo anche la sua carica militare. Egli è riuscito a raggruppare un gran numero principi emarginati e scontenti della prospettiva di essere sorpassati da un appartenente dei "sette Sudairi". Il suo controllo della Guardia Nazionale è stato un fattore chiave per il suo successo nel diventare principe ereditario. Quando re Fahd fu incapace di regnare a causa di un grave ictus subito nel 1995, il principe ereditario Abd Allah ha agito in qualità reggente del regno.
Dopo aver giocato nelle giovanili dell'Udinese avendo come compagno di squadra Dino Zoff, debuttò ventenne con i friulani alla penultima giornata della stagione 1958-1959, il 2 giugno 1959, nella sconfitta contro il Milan per 7-0, già matematicamente campione d'Italia che schierava in campo giocatori come Lorenzo Buffon, Cesare Maldini e Nils Liedholm. Non schierato la domenica successiva, fu confermato per la stagione successiva, in cui giocò 7 gare su 34 in un'epoca in cui non erano permesse sostituzioni e nella quale le zebrette si salvarono dalla retrocessione dopo spareggi con Lecco e Bari; le sue prestazioni gli valsero la convocazione nella rappresentativa italiana ai Giochi olimpici del 1960. A Udine aveva uno stipendio da 50.000 lire al mese.
La città è tradizionalmente controllata dal Partito Democratico. I Democratici controllano la maggioranza degli uffici elettivi e l'87% degli elettori si registrano come Democratici.
Tra le donne dopo tre vittorie consecutive, Martina Hingis raggiunge altrettante finali perdendole tutte. Lindsay Davenport nel 2000, Jennifer Capriati nel 2001 e 2002 sconfiggono la svizzera.
La cerimonia di chiusura si è tenuta la sera del 26 febbraio 2006 alle ore 20:00 CET (19:00 UTC), presso lo Stadio Olimpico (ex Comunale Vittorio Pozzo).
L'indagine fu abbandonata dopo che Maria assicurò l'assistente sociale che aveva intenzione di avviare una procedura di divorzio contro József e che lei e Judith stavano per trasferirsi in un appartamento di Panorama City che aveva da poco affittato come rifugio diurno dal marito. Gli amici esortarono Maria a seguire il piano, ma lei resistette poiché non voleva perdere casa e beni di famiglia.Judith fu vista l'ultima volta sulla sua bici la mattina del 25 luglio 1988. Quella sera, József sparò in testa a Judith mentre dormiva nella sua stanza, quindi sparò a Maria. József trascorse i successivi due giorni girando per la casa, e disse nel corso di una telefonata con l'agente di Judith la notte successiva che aveva intenzione di andarsene per sempre e aveva solo bisogno di tempo per "dire addio alla mia bambina". Cosparse poi di benzina i corpi e diede loro fuoco. Dopo aver incenerito i corpi, József andò in garage e si sparò alla testa con una pistola calibro 32. Il 9 agosto del 1988 Judith e sua madre furono sepolte al Forest Lawn Memorial Park di Los Angeles.L'ultimo film di Judith, Charlie - Anche i cani vanno in paradiso, in cui doppia l'orfana Anne-Marie, fu distribuito nel 1989. Don Bluth, co-regista del film e regista di Alla ricerca della Valle Incantata, la descrisse come "assolutamente sorprendente", e aveva previsto una sua ampia partecipazione alle sue produzioni future.
È caratterizzato da inverni lunghi e freddi relativamente alla sua latitudine, con temperature medie (tra la minima e la massima) di 0 °C o poco superiori e punte di -20 °C, burrasche di neve e tempeste a causa della corrente del Labrador e della assenza di ripari che possano proteggere la regione dagli impetuosi venti settentrionali. Le estati sono calde e umide (25 °C di media in luglio).Secondo la classificazione dei climi di Köppen, New York apparterrebbe al gruppo Cfa, ossia al clima temperato umido in tutte le stagioni, cioè senza periodo secco, con estate molto calda e con temperatura media del mese più freddo superiore ai −3 °C (infatti la fascia climatica che inizia con la lettera di riferimento D presuppone dei valori termici medi inferiori ai −3 °C nel mese più freddo). Tuttavia, alcuni climatologi sostengono che il gruppo C dei climi temperati classificati da Koppen sia troppo ampio; per esempio, New York e Orlando (Florida) rientrano entrambi in questo schema climatico nonostante enormi differenze, soprattutto termiche, tra i due luoghi.
Nel 2011, la rivista finanziaria Forbes ha stimato la sua fortuna a 21 miliardi di dollari, facendo di lui uno dei monarchi più ricchi del mondo.Abd Allah è stato un esperto cavallerizzo in gioventù. Le sue stalle erano considerate le più grandi del regno, con oltre 1000 cavalli suddivisi in cinque maneggi diretti dal figlio principe Mutaib. La fattoria Janadria, di sua proprietà è un grande complesso situato nella periferia di Riyad.Per le vacanze il re ha mantenuto un grande complesso di palazzi con diversi complessi residenziali a Casablanca, in Marocco. È dotato di due eliporti ed è circondato da 133 acri di vegetazione.
del feudatario. La fortificazione è chiamata anche Castello Samonà, in ricordo dei suoi ultimi proprietari, titolari anche dello stesso castello di Venetico, ridotto oramai a rudere.
Nell'ultima parte della sua carriera, l'interpretazione più memorabile fu quella in qualità di doppiatore nel film della Disney Il libro della giungla (1967), prestando la voce alla tigre Shere Khan. Allo stesso anno risale la partecipazione al film Lettera al Kremlino (1967), pellicola di spionaggio diretta da John Huston, nella quale interpretò il ruolo di "The Warlock", un raffinato omosessuale che, indossando vistosi abiti femminili, fa la sua prima apparizione nel film mentre suona il pianoforte in un bar gay di San Francisco.
Nel novembre 2007, re Abd Allah ha fatto visita a papa Benedetto XVI nel Palazzo Apostolico. È stato il primo monarca saudita a visitare un pontefice. Nel marzo del 2008, ha chiesto un "dialogo fraterno e sincero tra i credenti di tutte le religioni".
I mesi che ancora restano da vivere a Hoffmann nel 1822 sono occupati dalle controversie con la giustizia prussiana riguardanti la censura imposta su alcune parti del romanzo Mastro Pulce. La conclusione di quest'opera, nonché di altri racconti, Hoffmann si vede costretto a dettarla per via dell'aggravamento delle sue condizioni di salute. In aprile esce, accompagnato, per un'ultima passeggiata.
I suoi componenti, nel corso degli anni '90, hanno potuto contribuire a vario titolo ad alcune produzioni dell'etichetta: il tributo a Frank Zappa, il progetto Marco Polo, che ha coinvolto tra gli altri David Sylvian e Roger Eno, l'album solista di Clare Ann Matz, un lavoro dei Doubling Riders e tutte le uscite della serie Drop (in alcuni casi anche in veste di “remixers”) di cui Fabrizio Croce, membro fondatore, è stato tra i curatori.
Ernst Theodor Amadeus Hoffmann, meglio noto come E. T. A. Hoffmann (Königsberg, 24 gennaio 1776 – Berlino, 25 giugno 1822), è stato uno scrittore, compositore, pittore e giurista tedesco, esponente del Romanticismo.
Giocatore di baseball, si trasferisce in Italia nel 2002 per fare il lanciatore nell'Old Rags Lodi e nel Montorio Veronese; successivamente inizia a giocare anche a rugby lavorando contemporaneamente come giardiniere.
Torna a Sanremo nel 1984 con quella che è sicuramente la sua canzone di maggior successo, Nina, contenuta nell'album dello stesso anno dal titolo Mario Castelnuovo, il cui testo è ispirato dalle vicende reali dei genitori di Mario, conosciutisi durante la seconda guerra mondiale.
Fuck wit Dre Day (And Everybody's Celebratin'), nella versione censurata nota semplicemente come Dre Day, è una canzone g-funk del rapper Dr. Dre con la collaborazione di Snoop Dogg (all'epoca Snoop Doggy Dogg) ed è il secondo singolo estratto dal suo album di debutto, The Chronic. La canzone è stata pubblicata come singolo il 20 maggio 1993.
Tra i Racconti notturni, uno dei più celebri è Der Sandmann (L'uomo della sabbia), che racconta delle vicende di Nataniele, personaggio soggetto ad una ossessione paranoica, che oscilla tra il reale e l'immaginazione.
Con la partecipazione alle gare, la marca si afferma sempre di più. La definitiva consacrazione viene dalla trionfale partecipazione al Campionato Europeo del 1924, nel quale la "500 C4V" conquista il primo, secondo e quinto posto.
La storia del Vetro di Murano nasce nel 1291 quando si decretò che le vetrerie di Venezia, attive probabilmente già prima del mille, fossero trasferite a Murano dal momento che i forni dei laboratori erano spesso responsabili di disastrosi incendi, che divenivano particolarmente gravi perché all'epoca le costruzioni erano principalmente in legno. Tuttavia, documenti e reperti antichi testimoniano che l'industria si fosse radicata nell'isola già da tempo.
Nel Medioevo la colonna di Giove (4,5 m di altezza) diede il nome al colle, detto infatti Mons Minoris Iovis. Lo stesso ospizio del Piccolo San Bernardo, costruito grazie alla spinta dei monaci di Bernardo d'Aosta dopo la rovina delle mansio di epoca romana, era detto Hospitale Columnæ Iovis.
Nel 1987 viene presentata la California III, modello che, con motore portato a 1064 cm³ e dotato di iniezione elettronica, è di base alla California tuttora prodotta e che è ormai un'icona stessa della Casa di Mandello.
L'Eliea (in greco antico: ἠλιαία traslitterato come heliaia) era il massimo tribunale popolare dell'antica Atene, costituito da cittadini con più di trenta anni, sorteggiati annualmente e distribuiti tra i vari dicasteri; secondo la tradizione fu istituito nel VI secolo a.C. da Solone, ma tale attribuzione è piuttosto dubbia.
Gier wurde nach der Uraufführung von der Kritik gefeiert. Begrüßt wurde der Abschied vom Naturalismus hin zur Poesie, wodurch laut Kritikern der Zugang zum Stück erleichtert wurde. Die musikalische Wirkung des Textes auf der Bühne wurde gelobt. Die vier Stimmen wurden dargestellt von einem jüngeren Mann und einer jüngeren Frau sowie einem Mann und einer Frau mittleren Alters. Bei den Zuschauern überwog der Eindruck, dass es sich tatsächlich um die vier Stimmen einer Person handelte.
Flaggenbeschreibung: „Auf blauer Flaggenbahn, begleitet von schwarzen Randstreifen, die von der mittleren Flaggenbahn durch je einen silbernen Streifen abgetrennt sind, in der oberen Hälfte das Stadtwappen.“
Riechstörung oder Dysosmie ist der Oberbegriff für verschiedene Störungen der olfaktorischen Wahrnehmung. Riechstörungen bei Schädigung höherer Verarbeitungszentren werden als zentrale Dysosmie bezeichnet.
Modellbildung von Prozessen, Organisationen und Organisationseinheiten zur Entwicklung und Umsetzung geeigneter Strukturen für interoperable Unternehmen und öffentliche Organisationen
Großbritannien übernahm 100 P-66 als Vanguard I, um sie in Kanada als Schulflugzeug für Fortgeschrittene einzusetzen. Nach erfolgreichen Versuchsflügen wurden die Flugzeuge jedoch China überlassen, wohin im Rahmen des Lend-Lease-Programms (inklusive einiger Exemplare der USAAF) insgesamt 104 Flugzeuge dieses Typs geliefert wurden. Dort sollten sie einer Staffel amerikanischer Freiwilliger – der 3rd American Volunteer Group – zugeteilt werden. Diese zusätzliche Gruppe wurde nach dem Angriff auf Pearl Harbor jedoch aufgegeben.
Fontaine-au-Pire ist eine Gemeinde im französischen Département Nord in der Region Hauts-de-France. Sie gehört zum Kanton Le Cateau-Cambrésis im Arrondissement Cambrai. Sie grenzt im Nordwesten an Carnières, im Norden an Beauvois-en-Cambrésis, im Osten an Caudry, im Süden an Ligny-en-Cambrésis, im Südwesten an Haucourt-en-Cambrésis und im Westen an Cattenières. Die Bewohner nennen sich Fontenois(es).
18. Januar: Charles de Secondat, Baron de Montesquieu, französischer Schriftsteller, Philosoph und Staatstheoretiker der Aufklärung († 1755)
Der Oberkörper bleibt bei der ersten ganzen Drehung nicht senkrecht, sondern kippt über die linke Seite (Steuerung der Drehung mit dem Oberkörper, nicht mit den Beinen).
Olga Alexandrowna Girja (russisch Ольга Александровна Гиря; * 4. Juni 1991 in Langepas) ist eine russische Schachspielerin und seit 2009 Großmeister der Frauen (WGM).
Zwischen 1827 und 1830 entstand die Straße von Bärenstein über den oberen Ortsteil von Kühberg nach Annaberg. Bärenstein und die zum Ort zählende Siedlung Kühberg gehörten bis 1856 zum kursächsischen bzw. königlich-sächsischen Amt Grünhain (Unteramt Schlettau). Ab 1856 gehörte der Ort zum Gerichtsamt Annaberg und ab 1875 zur Amtshauptmannschaft Annaberg.
Vom heutigen Bahnhof Leun/Braunfels zweigte früher die Ernstbahn nach Philippstein ab, in Stockhausen begann die Ulmtalbahn nach Beilstein, im Volksmund auch „Balkan-Express“ genannt. Beide Nebenstrecken sind heute stillgelegt.
In dieser Stellung beginnt die explosive Dreh-Streckbewegung des hinteren Beines, die die rechte Hüfte und die rechte Schulter nach vorne bringt. Wenn das Körpergewicht über das linke Bein kommt, gelangen Becken- und Schulterachse in Wurfrichtung. Anschließend erfolgt der Abwurf mit langem Wurfarm in Schulterhöhe. Er wird von der Streckbewegung beider Beine unterstützt. Für einen Moment befinden sich dann – beim Sprungabwurf – beide Beine in der Luft. Im Zeitpunkt des Abwurfes wird die linke Körperhälfte festgestellt, so dass der Kraftimpuls geradlinig in Wurfrichtung fortgeführt werden kann. Beim Abwurf weist der Handrücken nach oben, und der Diskus rollt über den Zeigefinger ab. Durch die Rotation erhält der Diskus Flugstabilität.
Seit der Saison 2011/12 spielt Olga Girja in der Deutschen Schachbundesliga der Frauen für die Mannschaft des SC Bad Königshofen, mit der sie 2014 die Meisterschaft gewann. In der chinesischen Mannschaftsmeisterschaft spielte sie 2012 für Zhejiang Yinzhou und 2015 für Hangzhou. Die russische Mannschaftsmeisterschaft der Frauen gewann sie 2011 mit SchSM-RGSU Moskau, sie spielte auch schon für Jugra Chanty-Mansijsk. Sowohl mit SchSM-RGSU Moskau als auch mit Jugra Chanty-Mansijsk hat Girja am European Club Cup der Frauen teilgenommen, sie gewann mit der Mannschaft drei Bronzemedaillen (2012 bis 2014) und in der Einzelwertung eine Silber-(2013 am vierten Brett) und eine Bronzemedaille (2012 am zweiten Brett).
Eine jüdische Gemeinde ist seit dem 17. Jahrhundert mit eigener Synagoge überliefert. Letztere wurde vermutlich Ende des 19. Jahrhunderts baufällig und nicht wiedererrichtet. Die jüdische Bevölkerung hatte zu diesem Zeitpunkt ihren Schwerpunkt in Biskirchen. Dennoch zeugen mehrere hebräische Inschriften an Leuner Fachwerkhäusern von dieser Zeit.
Die meisten Postverwaltungen unterhalten Abteilungen für Philatelisten, bei denen die herausgegebenen Briefmarken im Abonnement bezogen werden können: In Deutschland beim Sammler-Service der Deutschen Post AG in Weiden in der Oberpfalz, in Österreich beim Sammler-Service der Österreichischen Post AG in Wien und in der Schweiz beim Sammler-Service der Schweizerischen Post in Bern.
Die Kirche St. Peter und Paul ist eine aus dem beginnenden 17. Jahrhundert stammende Kirche im polnischen Węgorzewo (deutsch Angerburg) im Nordosten der Woiwodschaft Ermland-Masuren. Sie befindet sich im Ostteil der Stadt an der ulica Zamkowa neben dem neu aufgebauten Ordensschloss.
Der Boxermotor mit einem Hubraum von 584 cm³ entwickelte 20 PS (15 kW) bei 5000/min. Damit war eine Höchstgeschwindigkeit von 98 km/h erreichbar. Der Normverbrauch lag bei 5,3 l/100 km Normalbenzin.
Berrabah besuchte die Academy of Contemporary Music in Guildford mit einem Stipendium. Zu der Zeit traf sie ihren Manager und gründete zusammen mit ihrer Schwester Samiya die Band Boo2. Der Manager der Sugababes wurde auf sie aufmerksam, als er sie bei einem Auftritt von Boo2 sah. Als Gründungsmitglied Mutya Buena die Sugababes Ende 2005 verließ, rief der Manager der Band Berrabah an und teilte ihr mit, dass sie die Möglichkeit habe, ein Teil der Sugababes zu werden. Sie nahm drei Songs auf, welche den verbliebenen Mitgliedern, Keisha Buchanan und Heidi Range, vorgespielt wurden. Wenig später wurde sie als neues Mitglied der Sugababes vorgestellt. Zusammen mit den Sugababes hatte sie bisher drei Top-10-Alben, einschließlich eines Nummer-1-Albums (Change) sowie acht Top-10-Singles, von denen zwei Platz 1 belegten (Walk This Way, eine Zusammenarbeit mit Girls Aloud, sowie About You Now). Im September 2013 wurde durch Bandkollegin Jade Ewen bekannt gegeben, dass sich die Sugababes bereits 2011 getrennt hatten.
Allendorf grenzt im Norden an die Gemeinde Ebsdorfergrund (Landkreis Marburg-Biedenkopf), im Osten an die Gemeinde Rabenau, im Süden an die Gemeinde Buseck, sowie im Westen an die Stadt Staufenberg (alle drei im Landkreis Gießen).
Im Westen grenzt das EZG der Steinach an das des Meerbaches einem kleinen Mainzufluss mit seinem Oberlauf Wildbach. Im Nordwesten wird es vom Erlenbach begrenzt, welcher über den Maßbach und dann der Lauer in die Fränkische Saale entwässert. Im Norden berührt es das Gebiet des Sauerquellenbaches einem Zufluss der Geißler, die ebenfalls in die Lauer einmündet. Im Nordosten trifft es mit dem Bereich des Nassachzuflusses Riedbach zusammen. Im Osten folgt dann der Mainzufluss Wässernach und im Südosten die kleineren Mainzuflüsse Grabenmühlbach, Lausgraben, Lehenbach und der Buchentalgraben.
Kim studierte ab 1986 traditionelle koreanische Perkussion und arbeitete mit Meistern wie Kim Duk-su zusammen. Er spielt Instrumente wie Janggu, Buk, Guengari und Bara. Als Mitglied von Yo-Yo Mas Silk Road Ensemble wirkte er an dessen Alben New Impossibilities und Off the Map mit. Für das Ensemble komponierte er das Stück Baet Nore (Ferne Horizonte). Als Komponist, Arrangeur und Perkussionist war er an den Alben On the Road und Xpressed Impressions der österreichischen Weltmusikgruppe Comin & Goin beteiligt.
Im Jahr 2010 erreichte die Hohenzollerische Landesbahn einen Umsatz von 39,9 Millionen Euro, wovon 82 Prozent im Schienenpersonennahverkehr, 7 Prozent im Schienengüterverkehr und 11 Prozent im Omnibusverkehr erwirtschaftet wurden. Dies entsprach einer Steigerung des Umsatzes von 6,3 Prozent gegenüber dem Vorjahr. Der Jahresüberschuss betrug 0,48 Millionen Euro. Mit der Bahn wurden 9 Millionen und mit dem Bus 3,8 Millionen Fahrgäste befördert. Im Vergleich zu 2009 stiegen die Fahrgastzahlen mit 4,4 Prozent im Schienenverkehr doppelt so stark wie im Bundesdurchschnitt.Die HzL kooperiert mit der zu 100 Prozent in Landeseigentum befindlichen Südwestdeutschen Verkehrs-AG. So haben beide Gesellschaften einen personengleichen Vorstand. Beide Gesellschaften halten Anteile an der Fahrzeugbereitstellung Baden-Württemberg GmbH (FBBW).
60 RegelkartenFür die Gestaltung der Karten wurde ein japanisches Thema gewählt, die Spielkartenfarben sind Münzen (gelb), Koi (rot), Fächer (grün) und Torii (blau).
Lukas Grünenwald (* 5. Februar 1858 in Dernbach (Pfalz); † 29. Januar 1937 in Speyer) war ein Gymnasiallehrer und Heimatforscher, der sich intensiv mit der Geschichte der Pfalz befasste.
DVDs mit allen Folgen der Serie „The Prisoner“ sind seit Oktober 2006 als Box im Handel erhältlich. Die Box beinhaltet insgesamt 17 Episoden sowie sog. Alternativfassungen von zwei bekannten Episoden. Auch die vier vom ZDF 1969 nicht synchronisierten Episoden sind als Original mit deutschen Untertiteln vertreten. Seit November 2010 ist außer einer DVD-Neuauflage auch eine Blu-ray Disc erhältlich. Die vier 2006 nur untertitelten Episoden wurden vom deutsch-französischen Fernsehsender Arte erstmals synchronisiert. Neuer Synchronsprecher für Patrick McGoohan ist Bernd Rumpf anstelle von Horst Naumann.
Erster Wurf über 30 Meter: 30,225 m, Lucienne Velu (FRA), 14. September 1924 (ein früherer 30-Meter-Wurf von 1924 wurde nicht als Weltrekord anerkannt)
I-V KMap (INTEROP-VLab Knowledge Map), ein Kompetenzmanagementsystem innerhalb des EI Bereiches, das auf einer ontologiebasierten Suchmaschine aufsetzt und es so erlaubt, relevante Dokumente und Inhalte bezüglich eines speziellen Wissensbereiches zu finden.
Eine weitere im Handel unterschiedene Geschmacksrichtung stellt der Maigouda dar, der aus der mildaromatischen Milch gekäst wird, welche die Kühe geben, nachdem sie – meist Anfang Mai – das erste Mal nach dem Winter mit Silagefütterung auf Weiden im Freien wieder Gras zu fressen bekommen. Der Maigouda enthält wie die Milch, aus der er hergestellt wird, einen etwas höheren Fettanteil und schmeckt besonders rahmig-mild.
Da es zu Gefechten mit den Portugiesen kam, steuerte Carquizano Tidore an, ein Sultanat, das seit Magellans Weltumsegelung Handelskontakte mit Spanien betrieb. Auf Tidore verschanzten sich die Spanier. Vom benachbarten Fort Ternate aus war es den Portugiesen aber möglich, ihre Stellungen zu beschießen und die Pflanzungen zu verwüsten. Carquizano wurde schließlich vergiftet.
Loaísas Geschwader lief am 24. Juli 1525 aus dem spanischen Hafen von A Coruña aus. Nach einer Zwischenstation auf La Gomera in den ersten beiden Augustwochen erreichte Loaísa im Januar 1526 die patagonische Küste. Bereits zu diesem Zeitpunkt hatte das Flaggschiff Santa Maria de la Victoria zeitweilig den Kontakt zu den anderen Schiffen des Geschwaders verloren.
Sokołówka liegt in den nördlichen Ausläufern des Habelschwerdter Gebirge an einer Nebenstraße, die von der Wojewodschaftsstraße 388 bei Nowy Wielisław abzweigt und nach Pokrzywno führt. Nachbarorte sind Nowy Wielisław im Nordosten, Starkówek im Südosten und Pokrzywno im Süden. Südwestlich erhebt sich der 704 m hohe Steinberg (Kamienna).
Zusammen mit der Durchsetzung der katholischen Konfessionalisierung suchte Dietrich auch seine weltliche Macht als Landesherr auszubauen. In einer ersten Phase hat er versucht, seine Macht auch gegen Widerstände durchzusetzen. Dagegen schlossen sich das Domkapitel, die Städte und die Ritterschaft 1590 zu einer Einung zum Schutz der überkommenen Rechte und Privilegien der Landstände zusammen. Später hat Dietrich es geschafft, keine gemeinsame Front der Stände gegen ihn aufkommen zu lassen. Aber insbesondere das Domkapitel leistete weiterhin Widerstand gegen den Machtanspruch des Landesherren. Der Domdechant Arnold von der Horst war dabei einer der Führer der Opposition. Vorübergehend von Dietrich 1604 suspendiert, kam es spätestens 1612 zur Aussöhnung.Nachdem er die Landstände und selbst das Domkapitel stark gegen sich aufgebracht hatte, hat Dietrich seinen Kurs in den 1590er Jahren etwas gemäßigt. In dieser zweiten Phase versuchte er mit weitgehend friedlichen Mitteln die Reichweite der katholischen Konfession zu erhöhen. Aber auch dies führte zu Widerständen. Die Städte und Ritter waren insbesondere von der Konfessionspolitik beunruhigt. Sie forderten auf dem Landtag von 1597 sogar die Freistellung der Religion. Insbesondere die Tätigkeit der Jesuiten wurde kritisiert. Der konfessionelle Aspekt war dabei auch verbunden mit weltlichen Streitigkeiten etwa um landesherrliche und grundherrliche Gerichtsrechte. Im Jahr 1603 kam es zu einer Einung der Ritterschaft mit einigen Städten.
Es gab zwei Untersuchungsausschüsse; eine Konstituierung des Verteidigungsausschuss als Untersuchungsausschuss1. Untersuchungsausschuss "U-Boote-(Pläne)-Affäre" (1987–1990)
Der Verteidigungsraum ist der einem militärischen Verband im Rahmen eines Operationsplanes zugewiesene Raum, der auch gegen Feinddruck zu behaupten ist. Im Rahmen einer flexibel geführten Verteidigung können Teile des Verteidigungsraumes zumindest zeitlich begrenzt aufgegeben werden, solange ggf. befohlenes Schlüsselgelände gehalten wird und der Zusammenhang der Verteidigung insgesamt gewahrt wird, unter anderem auch die Verbindung zu den benachbarten Verbänden.
Nach dem Rücktritt von Bürgermeister Heller im Zuge eines Abwahlverfahrens durch die Stadtverordnetenversammlung am 8. Mai 2017 werden bis zur Bürgermeisterwahl die Amtsgeschäfte durch den ersten Stadtrat Ralf Schweitzer (CDU) geführt.
John Edward Gray war eigentlich ein bedeutender Zoologe, nach dem die Reiherart Ardeola grayii benannt wurde. Dieser Vogel wurde von der Postverwaltung von Bangladesch am 15. Juli 2000 auf einer eigenen Briefmarke verewigt.
Mombach hatte bis nach dem Zweiten Weltkrieg, ebenso wie beispielsweise die Nachbarorte Gonsenheim und Finthen, eine wichtige Rolle im lokalen Obst- und Gemüsebau inne. Schon im Mittelalter wurde die Stadt Mainz mit frischem Obst und Gemüse aus Mombach versorgt, später auch die selbständige Stadt Biebrich. Die Bedeutung des Ortes für den lokalen Gartenbau geht z. B. aus den zahlreichen lokalen Züchtungen und Sorten hervor, die in heutiger Zeit wiederentdeckt werden:
Manchmal wird auch unter der Verwendung eines Apostroph ' übersetzt, auch wenn der Apostroph bei allen anderen Namen und Worten oft weggelassen wird.
Innerhalb des Verteidigungsraumes weist der Kommandeur im Rahmen seines Planes für den Einsatz den nachgeordneten Einheiten Stellungsräume für das beweglich zu führenden Gefecht oder im Ausnahmefall eine Stellung mit geringer Tiefe zu.
In den 1860er Jahren erschienen die ersten Briefmarkenalben der Welt. Das erste kommerzielle Album hatte der Pariser Philatelist Lallier 1862 herausgebracht. Dabei handelte es sich allerdings noch um eine einfache querformatige Mappe, die in Leder gebunden war. Für alle bisher erschienen Briefmarken der Welt war auf den jeweils rechten Seiten ein Leerfeld angelegt, in das die Briefmarke hineingeklebt werden konnte. Auf den jeweils gegenüberliegenden linken Seiten befand sich das Wappen, die Flagge sowie eine kurze Beschreibung der Geographie und der bisher ausgegebenen Briefmarken des Landes.
Als Digital Art Pionierin war Schloss Gast bei Willoughby Sharp's Downtown ’86, einer preisgekrönten Kabel ACE Sendung, die die besten Künstler, Musiker, und Darsteller der 1980er-Jahre zeigte. Ihre lyrische Klang-Collagen, wie beispielsweise "How She Sees It By Her" sind in der Anthologie, "Just Another Asshole," ein No Wave Kunst/Musik/Klang Magazin von Glenn Branca und Barbara Ess dokumentiert. und "Text-Sound Texts" redigiert bei Richard Kostelanetz.
Nachdem er 2004 Vizemeister geworden war und auch einige Spiele in der Nationalauswahl bestritten hatte, entschloss er sich zu einem Wechsel ins Ausland.
Die christdemokratischen Arbeitervertreter gründeten 1948 den Südtiroler Gewerkschaftsbund/Unione sindacale altoatesina (SGB), der sich 1950 der CISL anschloss. Hatte der SGB noch unmittelbar nach seiner Gründung deutsche und italienische Gewerkschafter vereint, so zeigten sich ab 1957 immer stärkere Differenzen zwischen beiden Volksgruppen, die schließlich zur Gründung einer ethnischen Gewerkschaft führen sollten. Der Weg hin zu einer vierten Gewerkschaft in Südtirol neben den italienischen Organisationen CGIL, CISL und UIL muss im Lichte der politischen Ereignisse jener Zeit gesehen werden.
In vielen Zusammenhängen ist es üblich, ein modifiziertes System von Transkriptionsregeln zu verwenden und das natürlich auch ausgeprägt sein kann durch die Verwendung von Anglophonen. Transkriptionen aus dem ukrainischen werden auch für den Namen von Personen mit ukrainischen Vorfahren in den entsprechenden Ländern angewandt (Personen haben oft gleiche oder ähnliche übliche Namen, wie zum Beispiel "Alexander", was meist für Oleksandr verwendet wird, oder auch das im englischsprachigen Raum übliche "Terry" für Taras).
Das wissenschaftliche Observatorium in Recherche Bay war die Stelle des ersten geplanten wissenschaftlichen Experimentes auf australischer Erde. In diesem Observatorium konnte der Geowissenschaftler und spätere Konteradmiral Élisabeth-Paul-Édouard Rossel eine Versuchsreihe durchführen, die bewies, dass das Magnetfeld der Erde sich mit abnehmender bzw. zunehmender geographischer Breite veränderte.
Der Spannungsaufbau in der Hauptbeschleunigungsphase entspricht nicht den Anforderungen. Die Arme sind in dem Falle schneller als die Beine.
Als erster Emmy-Noether-Nachwuchsgruppenleiter der DFG an der Charité entwickelte Lode neue Ansätze, welche die Behandlung von bösartigen Tumoren durch genetische Impfungen ermöglichten. Insbesondere die Kombination von DNA-Impfungen mit tumorspezifischen Immunzytokinen war ein wichtiger Schritt in der Optimierung von DNA-Impfungen. Seit der Mitgliedschaft in der SIOPEN-Gruppe 2002 wirkt Lode in der klinischen Entwicklung eines monoklonalen Antikörpers gegen Gangliosid GD2 (ch14.18/CHO) mit. Es gelang ihm als Erster eine neue Verabreichungsmethode für diesen Antikörper zu etablieren. Aktuell leitet er zwei internationale klinische Studien bei Kindern mit Neuroblastom mit diesem Antikörper.
Beim Tod des Vaters 1475 waren Vratislav und dessen Brüder Johann/Jan und Emmeram/Jimram noch nicht volljährig. Deshalb standen sie, da der älteste Bruder Sigmund bereits tot war, unter der Vormundschaft des zweitgeborenen Bruders Wilhelm, der das väterliche Erbe zunächst gemeinschaftlich verwaltete. Bei der 1478 erfolgten Teilung erhielten Vratislav und Johann gemeinsam die Burg Pernstein und einen Teil der umliegenden Dörfer. Die anderen Dörfer mit der Burg Zubstein behielt Wilhelm für sich und den jüngsten Bruder Emmeram/Jimram, der weiterhin unter Wilhelms Vormundschaft stand. Alle drei Brüder mussten sich an den von ihrem Vater hinterlassenen Schulden beteiligen, deren Gläubiger Wilhelm war. Er hatte für seinen Vater von dessen Schwiegervater Johann von Lomnitz die Herrschaft Meseritsch erworben bzw. bezahlt. Nachdem Johann/Jan kurze Zeit später verstarb, gelangte dessen Anteil an Vratislav.
1971/72 wurde eine englischsprachige in sechzehn Bänden in Jerusalem beim Verlag Keter und in New York bei Macmillan publiziert. Dazu erschienen von 1973 bis 1991 acht „Jahrbücher“ (1973, 1974, 1975–76, 1977–78, 1983–85, 1986–87, 1988–89, and 1990–91) und zwei „Decennial“-Bände (1973–82; 1983–92) publiziert.
Es gibt mehrere Sportvereine, darunter mit dem Mombacher Turnverein 1861 einen der ältesten und größten Mainzer Turnvereine und die Fußballvereinigung Mombach 03 den ältesten Fußballverein Rheinhessens. Neben Sportplätzen, Tennisplätzen, Tennishalle usw. stehen ein Hallen- und Freibad (1964/1965), sowie mehrere Fitnesszentren zur Verfügung. Die Umgebung der Rheinauen ist ein ideales Trainingsgebiet für die Mombacher Kanuten. Jährlich führt der Gutenberg-Marathon als sportliches Großereignis durch Mombach.
mit S. Ramanan: Existence of universal connections. American Journal of Mathematics, Band 83, 1961, S. 563–572Zu den Arbeiten mit Ramanan über Vektorraumbündel siehe S. Ramanan.
Arleen Schloss gehört zu den frühen amerikanischen Videokunst- und Performance-Pionieren. Mit der Konzeption „Wednesday`s A`s“ in einem Loft auf der Broome Street in der Bowery, einem ehemaligen Armenviertel, schuf sie 1979 in Downtown New York eine neue, alternative Kunstplattform für experimentell arbeitende, nicht etablierte Künstler. Jeden Mittwoch konnten diese ihre Videokunst, Performances, Musik, Zeichnungen oder Malerei einem Publikum vorstellen und mit diesem über das Werk ins Gespräch kommen. Ab 1980 war „Wednesday`s A`s“ eine bekannte Ausstellungsadresse für neue Kunst, Video und Musik, die bei etablierten Galerien und Institutionen keine Chancen hatten. Bei „A´s“ ausgestellte Künstler wurden teilweise später sehr bekannt, wie z.B. Eric Bogosian, Jean-Michel Basquiat und Ai Weiwei. „A’s“ zeigte Arbeiten unter anderem von Glenn Branca, The Coachmen, Kim Gordon, Phoebe Legere, Thurston Moore, Shirin Neshat, Lee Ranaldo, Sur Rodney Sur und Alan Vega. No-Wave und Noise Bands Bands u.a. wie Test Pattern, Gray und Mania D spielten Mittwochs bei „A´s“. Seine erste Ausstellung hatte SAMO, alias Jean-Michel Basquiat im Oktober 1979 bei „A´s“. Aufgrund des breiten Zuspruches ihres nicht akademischen „A´s“ Ausstellungs-Konzeptes, das „A´s“ zum Dauerbrenner in der New Yorker Underground-Szene machte, wurde Schloss eingeladen als Kuratorin zu arbeiten. Ausstellungen in der „Danceteria“, einer Kunst-Disco in SoHo, und im Schaufenster von „Art and Architecture“, ein in New York angesehener architektonischer Veranstaltungsort kuratierte sie.
Mombach wird auf Grund seiner vielfältigen Veranstaltungen als Fastnachtshochburg in Mainz wahrgenommen. Bereits vor dem Abschluss der Kampagne mit den vier tollen Tagen wird die Sitzung der Bohnebeitel seit 1998 als Live on tape-Übertragung im SWR Fernsehen überregional übertragen. Hierbei werden Marktanteile im zweistelligen Bereich erzielt. Im Mittelpunkt stehen aber die real life Sitzungen der vielen in Mombach beheimateten Fastnachtsvereine.
1919 trat Zeschke in die Deutsche Volkspartei (DVP) ein, für die er bei der Reichstagswahl vom Juni 1920 als Kandidat für den Wahlkreis 5 (Frankfurt an der Oder) in den Reichstag gewählt wurde, dem er bis zum Mai 1924 angehörte. Im Parlament vertrat Zeschke insbesondere die Interessen der Landwirtschaft. Daneben war Zeschke Kreistagsabgeordneter und Mitglied des Kreisausschusses, Amtsvorsteher und Provinziallandtagsabgeordneter.
Der Ort wurde 1798 am rechten Ufer des Rio Maués-Açu gegründete. Anfangs wurde die Siedlung Luséia genannt. Die Karmeliter gaben ihr den Namen Maués. Am 25. Juni 1833 wurde die Ansiedlung zur Vila und am 4. Mai 1896 mit Selbstverwaltungsrecht zur Município de Manés erhoben. Das Gründungsjahr 1833 ist im Stadtwappen verankert.
Die Reihe ist auch als DVD-Kollektion in 10 Teilen erhältlich. Neben der deutschen und der französischen Version gibt es auch eine Version auf Englisch.
Gustav Eberlein, neben Reinhold Begas einer der bedeutendsten Vertreter der Wilhelminischen Staatskunst und einer der Bildhauer für die Figuren der Siegesallee, gewann die Konkurrenz für das Denkmal 1901, an der unter anderem auch der Bildhauer Hermann Hidding teilgenommen hatte. Das Richard-Wagner-Denkmal ist das letzte öffentliche Monument Eberleins in Deutschland.
Auch die Rückseite der Briefmarke ist für den Philatelisten interessant, da es verschiedene Arten sowie Besonderheiten bei der Gummierung gibt, wie beispielsweise den Spargummi oder die Gummiriffelung. Auch auf die Zähnung beziehungsweise auf die Art der Trennung der einzelnen Briefmarken wird geachtet. Postfälschungen und Spionage- und Propagandafälschungen genießen ebenfalls ein hohes Ansehen bei den Philatelisten. Besonderheiten der Entwertung Philatelisten interessieren sich meist für die Art der Entwertung der Briefmarke, da es neben dem Poststempel zahlreiche andere Entwertungsmöglichkeiten für Briefmarken gibt. Sonderstempel sowie Ersttagsstempel werden von Philatelisten gesondert bewertet. Besonderheiten der Frankatur Bei den Belegen wie Briefen oder Ganzsachen, die der Philatelist in seine Sammlung aufnimmt, achtet er besonders auf die Art der Frankatur. Man unterscheidet Einzelfrankaturen, Mehrfachfrankaturen sowie Mischfrankaturen, für die meistens verschiedene Preisansätze gelten. Eine vor allem in Frankreich beliebte Sonderform der Frankatur ist die Maximumkarte. Hier wird die Marke auf die Bildseite einer Ansichtskarte geklebt, die genau dieselbe Szene darstellt wie die Briefmarke. Spezialsammler Spezialsammler haben sich auf einen ganz bestimmten Zeitraum oder eine ganz bestimmte Serie spezialisiert. Sie versuchen, durch Glück, Spürsinn und gezielte Käufe ihre Sammlungen zu vervollständigen. Vor allem in Deutschland sind sehr beliebte Spezialgebiete die Briefmarkenausgaben der Zeit der deutschen Hochinflation nach dem Ersten Weltkrieg oder die Bautenserie der Amerikanischen und Britischen Besatzungszone sowie die DDR-Fünfjahrplan-Serie nach dem Zweiten Weltkrieg. Vor allem die Bautenserie bietet Unmengen von verschiedenen Abarten, Druckfehlern und Zähnungsunterschieden. Nebengebiete Nebengebiete, wie das Sammeln von Briefe oder Ganzsachen, sofern diese aus dem Postverkehr stammen und eine historische Relevanz besitzen. Dies ist nicht zu verwechseln mit „philatelistischen“ Zierbelegen, die meist sondergestempelt früher „zur Auflockerung der Sammlung“ an Philatelisten verkauft wurden (wie Ersttagsbriefe, Ersttagsblätter, Numisbriefe und Schwarzdrucke).
Bis zur Mitte des 19. Jahrhunderts war der Diskuswurf nur durch Statuen und Zeichnungen überliefert ohne detaillierte Kenntnis der Wurftechnik und der Spezifikation der Wurfscheibe. Nach langjähriger Forschung und Experimenten mit Schülern in Magdeburg veröffentlichte Christian Georg Kohlrausch (1851–1934) 1882 „Der Diskus. Anleitung zur Einführung des Diskuswerfens auf unseren Turn- und Spielplätzen“.
Diese Fastnachtvereine können auf eine große Tradition zurückblicken. Der älteste Verein sind die genannten Mombacher Carneval Verein 1886 e. V. Die Bohnebeitel (MCV). Die mit ihm kooperierende Mombacher Prinzengarde 1886 (MPG) kann auf eine gleichfalls 125 jährige Historie zurückblicken. Der zweitälteste Fastnachtsverein des Orts ist die Mombacher Carneval-Gesellschaft „Maletengarde“ 1953 e. V. (MCG). In den 1980er Jahren kam mit den Carneval Club Mombach 1981 e. V. „Die Eulenspiegel“ (CCM) ein mit modernen Medien verbundener Club zur Abrundung des Spektrums hinzu. Die Fastnachtsgesellschaft „Meenzer Herzjer“ kümmert sich gleichberechtigt um sozial schwächere Mitbürger.
Im bergmännischen Teil des Tunnels sind Zonen mit quellfähigem, anhydrithaltigem Gestein vorhanden. Der bergmännische Teil wurde mit einer Herrenknecht-TBM mit rund 12,50 m Aussendurchmesser aufgefahren.
1833 beantragten Götteldorf, Sondernohe, Unternbibert und Virnsberg einen Wechsel ins Landgericht Markt-Erlbach, was jedoch abgelehnt wurde. Von 1862 an wurde Götteldorf von dem Bezirksamt Ansbach (ab 1938: Landkreis Ansbach) verwaltet. Die Gerichtsbarkeit blieb bis 1870 beim Landgericht Ansbach, 1870–1879 Stadt- und Landgericht Ansbach, seit 1880 Amtsgericht Ansbach. Die Gemeinde hatte eine Gebietsfläche von 5,954 km². Im Zuge der Gebietsreform wurde Götteldorf am 1. Mai 1978 nach Dietenhofen eingemeindet.
Joseph und Marie Hackin erhielten posthum den durch General de Gaulle geschaffenen Ordre de la Libération zugesprochen, der nur an 1038 Personen verliehen wurde, darunter sechs Frauen. Diese Personen tragen den Titel „Compagnons de la Libération“. Die „Compagnons de la Libération“ sind im Museum des Ordens, dem Musée de’l Ordre de la Libération im Hôtel des Invalides in Paris, namentlich aufgeführt.Im Jahre 1961 erhielt eine Straße im 16. Arrondissement von Paris den Namen Rue Joseph-et-Marie-Hackin. Im Luxemburger Ortsteil Kirchberg ist eine Straße nach Joseph Hackin benannt.
Feuerungs- und Schornsteinbauer stellen feuerfeste Baukonstruktionen für Feuerungen und Abgaskanäle aus Steinen her. Sie bauen Schornsteine, stellen Abgasanlagen aus Fertigteilen her und kümmern sich um einen ausreichenden Blitzschutz.
23. Oktober: Johann Christoph Freiherr von Bartenstein, österreichischer Staatsmann und Diplomat deutscher Herkunft († 1767) 23. Dezember: Joseph Bodin de Boismortier, französischer Flötist und Cembalist († 1755)
Kistenpfennig: Kugellager, Industriebedarf, Werkzeuge, Hydraulik, Ketten, KeilriemenEin Mombacher Metzger ist Mitglied der Bruderschaft der Ritter der Blutwurst und wurde bereits mehrfach durch die Zeitschrift Feinschmecker geehrt, zuletzt 2007. Der passende Feinschmecker-Bäcker (Bewertung 2005) betrieb sein Geschäft ebenfalls in der Hauptstraße. Seit 2008 wurde das Sortiment sukzessive auf das Standardsortiment des neuen Besitzers Werner umgestellt.
Die Orgel wurde 1806/1807 durch Soldaten beschädigt. Der Orgelbauer Scherweit fertigte darauf hin das Pfeifenwerk des Brustwerkes neu an und ersetzte Teile des Pedalpfeifenwerks. 1853 bekam das Instrument neue Klaviaturen und 1912 wurden durch Carl Novak drei Stimmen im Rückpositiv durch grundtönige Register ersetzt. Novak ersetzte zudem die Trompet 8′ im Pedal durch ein Cello 8′.
Die Wurfparabel: Wenn man den Luftwiderstand vernachlässigt, beschreibt der Diskus eine Parabel als Flugbahn. Diese ist leicht asymmetrisch, weil sich der Abwurfpunkt etwas höher befindet (ca. in Höhe des gestreckten Armes des Athleten) als der Auftreffpunkt. Daher erreicht man die maximale Weite mit einem Wurfwinkel von knapp unter 45°. Selbstverständlich ist die Entfernung auch von der Abwurfgeschwindigkeit abhängig.
Die Höhe der Ausbildungsvergütung richtet sich häufig nach tarifvertraglichen Festlegungen. Der Bauindustrieverband Hamburg e.V. hat beispielsweise folgende Vergütungen vereinbart:
Die Communauté de communes de Puisaye-Forterre ist ein französischer Gemeindeverband mit der Rechtsform einer Communauté de communes in den Départements Yonne und Nièvre der Region Bourgogne-Franche-Comté. Der Gemeindeverband wurde am 25. Oktober 2016 gegründet und umfasst 63 Gemeinden. Der Verwaltungssitz befindet sich im Ort Saint-Fargeau. Eine Besonderheit ist die Département-übergreifende Struktur der Mitgliedsgemeinden.
Bier gründete 1984 in Braunschweig die Künstlergruppe „artists in residence“. Diese entwickelte bis 1989 thematische Installationen und Ausstellungskonzepte, oft auch für den urbanen Raum
Durch die Nähe zum Rhein war ein ideales Gelände für eine Werft vorhanden. Die Rheinwerft stellte lange Zeit Spezialboote, wie zum Beispiel für die Feuerwehr Koblenz, her.
Der Entwickler des Unterflurmotors, Paul Arendt, war bis 1929 Oberingenieur bei Büssing. Für dieses Unternehmen entwickelte er (u. a. nach US-amerikanischem Fageol-Vorbild) den ersten Büssing-Bus ohne Motorhaube in Zusammenarbeit mit der Hannoverschen Waggonfabrik (HAWA). Der Motor dieses Busses, ein in der Mitte stehend angeordneter flüssigkeitsgekühlter Reihen-Sechszylinder-Ottomotor, ließ sich zur besseren Wartung seitlich ausschwenken.
Karl Hengst: Dietrich von Fürstenberg. In: Die Bischöfe des Hl. Römischen Reiches 1448–1648. Ein biographisches Lexikon. hrsg. v. Erwin Gatz, Berlin 1995.
Die Enthüllung des Denkmals am 1. Oktober 1903, ein gesellschaftliches Ereignis in Gegenwart des kaiserlichen Prinzen Eitel Friedrich von Preußen, ließ Ludwig Leichner durch den Historienmaler Anton von Werner in einem 1908 vollendeten Ölgemälde festhalten. Im Zentrum des Bildes begrüßt der Prinz in Paradeuniform Ludwig Leichner, der zur Rechten von Gustav Eberlein begleitet wird. Dahinter findet sich eine Gruppe Berliner Künstler, darunter der Bildhauer Peter Breuer, der Architekt Hermann Ende und der Maler Ludwig Knaus. Am linken unteren Bildrand hat sich der Maler selber in das Geschehen hineingemalt. Sein nach links gewandtes Profil ist inmitten einer Gruppe deutlich zu erkennen. Der Maler Adolph Menzel hielt eine der Festreden.
Am 31. Dezember 1971 kam die Gemeinde Climbach auf freiwilliger Basis zu Allendorf an der Lumda.Die Gemeinde Braunstein, die am 31. Dezember 1970 durch den freiwilligen Zusammenschluss der Gemeinden Nordeck und Winnen entstanden war, wurde am 1. Januar 1977 durch das Gesetz zur Neugliederung des Dillkreises, der Landkreise Gießen und Wetzlar und der Stadt Gießen in die Stadt Allendorf (Lumda) eingegliedert.
Am 1. April 1907 wurde Mombach schließlich unter Oberbürgermeister Karl Göttelmann als einer der ersten Vororte eingemeindet. Mainz wuchs dadurch im Folgejahr zur echten Großstadt von über 100.000 Einwohnern. Das Wasserwerk zur hygienisch einwandfreien Versorgung mit Wasser wurde erweitert. Die Pestalozzischule, ein dreigeschossiger Zweiflügelbau, wurde 1908/1909, nach einem Entwurf des Mainzer Hochbauamts errichtet. Die Bildhauerarbeiten wurden von Ludwig Lipp senior ausgeführt. In diese Anlage war auch ein Volksbad integriert. Mit dem rasanten Wachstum der letzten Jahre tat sich auch in Mombach die Soziale Frage auf. Im Zusammenhang mit diesem Wachstum wurden weitere Kirchenbauten notwendig, so legte die evangelische Gemeinde am 10. April 1910 den Eckstein für die “Friedenskirche” im Stil des Wiesbadener Programms, das Bistum Mainz ließ 1911 durch seinen Diözesanbaumeister eine Basilika mit Fassadenflankenturm als Grablege für den Sozialbischof Ketteler planen, die “Herz-Jesu-Kirche”.
In der Tagbaustrecke Nord wurden nach der Inbetriebnahme Setzungen festgestellt. In diesem Bereich hat sich der Tagbautunnel inzwischen auf rund 150 m Länge um bis zu 30 cm gesenkt. In 150 m Tiefe hatten sich früher abgebaute Steinsalzschichten ausgewaschen und zu einem leichten Senktrichter geführt. Die geringe Überdeckung über dem Tagbautunnel wurde auf ca. 150 m Länge in diesem Bereich nicht ausgeführt. Der Tunnel wurde dort mittlerweile dreimal hydraulisch angehoben.
Interoperabilität, im Speziellen die so genannte Enterprise Interoperability (EI), beschäftigt sich mit Ansätzen, integrative Lösungen zu entwickeln um heterogene industrielle Systeme, öffentliche Verwaltungen oder Organisationen miteinander zu verbinden.
Aufgeführt sind die Förderung, die Reserven und die Vorratsbasis in Tonnen. Der Geologische Dienst der Vereinigten Staaten (United States Geological Survey) bietet hierzu folgende Definition: Die Vorratsbasis (reserve base) ist jener Teil einer identifizierten Ressource, welche die spezifischen physikalischen und chemischen Mindestkriterien für die gegenwärtigen Bergbau- und Produktionspraktiken erfüllt, einschließlich jener für Gehalt, Qualität, Mächtigkeit und Teufe. Die Reserven (reserves) sind jener Teil der Vorratsbasis, der zu einer bestimmten Zeit wirtschaftlich gewonnen oder produziert werden könnte. Der Begriff muss nicht bedeuten, dass Gewinnungsanlagen installiert sind und arbeiten. Reserven beinhalten nur ausbeutbare Stoffe.
Die Philatelie hat ihre Anfänge kurz nach der Ausgabe der ersten Briefmarke der Welt. Dabei handelt es sich um die sogenannte One Penny Black, die am 6. Mai 1840 in Großbritannien ausgegeben wurde. Die Einführung der Briefmarke in anderen Ländern verhalf auch dem Briefmarkensammeln zu seiner Verbreitung. Zunächst sammelte man aus Spaß die kleinen Postwertzeichen aus der Tagespost und verwendete sie beispielsweise zum Bekleben von Lampenschirmen oder Tapeten, was die Sammelobjekte fast immer zerstörte.
Seriphus politus in der Roten Liste gefährdeter Arten der IUCN 2013.2. Eingestellt von: Chao, L. & Espinosa, H., 2007. Abgerufen am 7. Februar 2014
Feierle war des Weiteren Präsident der Export- und Mustermesse Ges.m.b.H., in der Baugewerbeinnung und der Vorarlberger Handelskammer aktiv sowie Obmann des Vereins Ferienkolonien Dornbirn.
Attraktion im Frühjahr zur Blütezeit ist der Magnolienhain. Bei schönem Sommerwetter beginnt an Sonntagvormittagen, 10 Uhr, nahe der Ruine das Schöntalkonzert. Am östlichen Rand befindet sich die vorgenannte ehemalige Orangerie, ein Walmdachbau mit korbbogigen Fenstertüren und rechtwinklig anschließendem Wirtschaftstrakt. Das eingeschossige Gebäude beherbergt nach Nutzungen u. a. als Kino heute zwei Gaststätten mit Biergärten sowie das Kabarett im Hofgarten. Ferner existiert ein 1200 m2 großer Kinderspielplatz mit Wassermatschanlage und Klettermöglichkeiten, diverse Plastiken (Herkules, Diana) und es sind Teile der alten Stadtmauer mit dem Schenkenturm zu sehen.
Das jährliche Durchschnittseinkommen eines Haushaltes beträgt $42.186, wobei sich das Durchschnittseinkommen einer Familie $50.743 verläuft. Das Pro-Kopf-Einkommen der Stadt liegt bei $18.859. Etwa 10,7 % der Bevölkerung lebt unter der Armutsgrenze.
68,49 m A Vereinigte Staaten Casey Malone, Fort Collins, 20. Juni 2009 Österreichischer Rekord: 67,24 m Lukas Weißhaidinger, Schwechat, 1. August 2015
Bei einem einjährigen Aufenthalt in London 1987/88 realisierte Bier in seinem Atelier an der Chelsea School of Arts fast jeden Tag eine Skulptur aus alltäglichen Materialien und begründete so seine bildhauerische Arbeit, die aus möglichst einfachen Eingriffen und Handlungen besteht und eine vorgegebene Hierarchie des Materials ablehnt. Biers Notizen zu einer projektiven Skulptur und Weiterführende Notizen zu einer Theorie des Ensembles formulieren einen ebenso dezidierten wie spielerischen Skulpturenbegriff, der auf einer relationalen Ästhetik und Wahrnehmung beruht.
Der Diskuswurf (auch Diskuswerfen) ist eine olympische Disziplin der Leichtathletik, bei der eine linsenförmige Scheibe möglichst weit zu werfen ist.
Auf Karten aus dem 19. Jahrhundert ist zu sehen, dass das Schöntal ein Teil des früheren Aschaffenburger Stadtgrabens war. Dieses sogenannte „offene Schöntal“ zog sich damals von oberhalb des Mainufers durch das heute noch bestehende, unterhalb des Pompejanums verlaufende Tälchen (heute Teil des Schlossgartens) und entlang der Stadtmauer bis zum Park Schöntal. Beim Bau der Friedrichstraße/Weißenburger Straße wurde dieser Teil des offenen Schöntals verfüllt.
Diskuswurf stand 1896 bei den ersten neuzeitlichen Olympischen Spielen auf dem Programm. Geworfen wurde zunächst, wie es von Myron dargestellt wurde, von einem Sockel herunter, dann bis 1912 ebenerdig mit dem linken und rechten Arm, und dann folgte die heute gebräuchliche Form: aus einem Ring (2,50 Meter Durchmesser) mit eineinhalb Umdrehungen. Disken wiegen heute für Männer zwei Kilogramm, für Frauen ein Kilogramm. Sie werden aus Holz mit einem Metallring bzw. Metallkern gefertigt. Die Drehtechnik beim Diskuswurf ist durch ihre Komplexität und dadurch, dass sie exakt ausgeführt werden muss, extrem schwierig zu erlernen und zu perfektionieren. So erreichen die meisten Spitzen-Diskuswerfer ihre Bestweiten meist erst ab einem Alter von ca. 30 Jahren.
Zeschke wurde als Sohn eines Landwirtes geboren. Nach dem Besuch der Volksschule in Seitwann absolvierte er eine Maurerlehre. Begleitend dazu wurde er an der Zeichenschule in Guben weitergebildet.
Die Verlobung bei der Laterne (im Original: Le Mariage aux Lanternes) ist eine französische Operette in einem Akt von Jacques Offenbach nach einem Libretto von Michel Carré und Léon Battu. Uraufführung war am 10. Oktober 1857 in Offenbachs eigenem kleinen Theater Bouffes-Parisiens in Paris.
Das dreibändige Werk Tiere in meiner Welt - meine Welt in Tieren (seit 2004–2012) widmet sich der Notation aller Tiere, denen Bier begegnete und an die er sich am jeweiligen Abend erinnern konnte.
Das dars-i nizami betont die rationalen Wissenschaften (maʿqūlāt), also vor allem Logik und Philosophie. Die Traditionswissenschaften (manqūlāt) wie Exegese, Hadithe und Recht, waren untergeordnet. Auch der Neuplatonismus und Sufi-Lehren wurden offiziell nicht unterrichtet. Hierbei ist allerdings zu bedenken, dass die meisten Gelehrten am Farangi Mahall Sufis waren, ihre Glaubenspraxis aber nicht ausüben durften, weil die sunnitische Elite im 17. und 18. Jahrhundert jegliche Sufiorden ablehnte.
Der noch nicht fahrfertige Prototyp stand im September 1957 auf der IAA in Frankfurt am Main. Der Wagen war mit einem Zweizylinder-Boxermotor und Frontantrieb ausgestattet.
Es gab drei Untersuchungsausschüsse; 4 Konstituierungen des Verteidigungsausschuss als Untersuchungsausschuss1. Untersuchungsausschuss "Untersuchung Fall John" (1954–1957)
Schon als Schülerin wurde Grietje Staffelt 1994 in den Landesvorstand der Grün-Alternativen Jugend (GAJ) in Schleswig-Holstein gewählt, dem sie bis 2001 angehörte. In dieser Zeit war sie von 1997 bis 2002 Landesgeschäftsführerin der GAJ und von 1999 bis 2000 Mitglied des Landesvorstandes der Grünen.
Ihr Zentrum hatte die Kritik in Delhi. Vor allem Händler und Unternehmer kritisierten die verdorbenen Sitten und die Unterdrückung des selbstständigen Denkens und autonomer Diskurse und forderten mehr Traditionswissenschaften und eine stärkere Betonung des Sufismus. Sie forderten zur Einheit zwischen Sakralem und Profanem auf und postulierten eine Neubekehrung und Rückbesinnung zum Glauben.
12. Oktober: Die Belagerung von Bonn endet mit der Kapitulation der französischen Truppen. Damit fällt die letzte französische Bastion in Kurköln.
Die Ausbildungsdauer zum Feuerungs- und Schornsteinbauer beträgt in der Regel drei Jahre. Die Ausbildung erfolgt an den Lernorten Betrieb, Ausbildungszentrum und Berufsschule.Die Ausbildung ist im Blockunterricht. Es handelt sich um die zweite Stufe einer Stufenausbildung zum Hochbaufacharbeiter.
Hans Wöckener: Die Entwicklung der wirtschaftlichen Berichterstattung im Ruhrgebiet im 19. Jahrhundert mit besonderer Berücksichtigung des Märkischen Sprechers. Kleinert, Quakenbrück 1936, (Zugleich: München, Univ., Phil. Diss. v. 23. Juli 1936).
Stich-Meister ist ein Kartenspiel von Friedemann Friese, erschienen 2010 bei Amigo. Die grafische Gestaltung übernahm Lars-Arne „Maura“ Kalusky. Das Spiel erreichte beim „À-la-carte-Kartenspielpreis 2011“ den 2. Platz.
Es gab vier Untersuchungsausschüsse; eine Konstituierung des Verteidigungsausschuss als Untersuchungsausschuss1. Untersuchungsausschuss "Flick-Affäre" (1983–1986)
Die wissenschaftlichen Resultate der Reise wurden in einem 21-bändigen Werk der Wiener Akademie der Wissenschaften, Reise der österreichischen Fregatte Novara um die Erde (1861–1876) veröffentlicht, dessen erster Teil eine Beschreibung der Reise (3 Bände, herausgegeben von Karl von Scherzer 1861–1862), illustriert mit vielen Holzschnitten, war. Unter gleichem Titel erschien auch eine gekürzte zweibändige „Volksausgabe“, die binnen eines Jahres vergriffen war. Darüber hinaus wurden Ergebnisse in den Sitzungsberichten der Kaiserlichen Akademie der Wissenschaften veröffentlicht.
Im Laufe der Jahre entwickelte sich auch „The Prisoner“ zum Kult. Inzwischen finden in jedem Jahr in Portmeirion Veranstaltungen statt, die auf die Serie Bezug nehmen, und die daran teilnehmenden Fans verkleiden sich als Einwohner des Ortes von Nummer 6 / The Prisoner. In Deutschland wurde die Serie 1969/70 vom ZDF ausgestrahlt und 1991 und 1992 bei ProSieben wiederholt, aber erst 2006 bei Anixe HD und im Sommer 2010 bei ARTE komplett und in chronologischer Reihenfolge gezeigt.
Alle Sparten sind hierbei vertreten: von Heimatgeschichte (Heimatverein) über Ortsbildpflege (DenkMal Altstadt) bis zu den Landfrauen; von Sport (mehrere Vereine) über die Musik (ebenfalls zahlreiche Vereine) bis zum Tierschutz (IG Tierschutz in Mittelhessen e. V.). Besonders exotisch: der Knoblauchklub.
Der Diskuswurf war Disziplin der ersten Olympischen Spiele der Neuzeit 1896 in Athen. Damals wurde von einem 60 mal 70 cm großen Podest geworfen.
Dabei geht es Bier ebenso um eine kontemplative Harmonisierung von Material und Aktion wie um eine kritische Befragung des scheinbar unaufhaltsamen Prozesses einer Überformung der Lebenswelt durch anthropomorphe Gestaltung.
Die Gebäude werden unter technischen, ästhetischen und ökonomischen Gesichtspunkten analysiert. Thematisiert wird darüber hinaus die Einfügung der Gebäude in die Umgebung. Details wie die verschiedenen Planungsetappen, der Entwurf und die Raumorganisation werden anhand von Modellen, Animationen und Archivmaterial untersucht und dargestellt. Ferner werden die Bauwerke klassischen Werken der Baugeschichte gegenübergestellt. Die Architekten kommen, sofern möglich, persönlich zu Wort.
eine der leistungsstärksten von 250 Niederlassungen der CEMEX Deutschland, 2012 errichtet um die Großbaustelle Schiersteiner Brücke mit Transportbeton zu versorgen.
Die Bezirkssportanlage am Ende der Langen Lein und in unmittelbarer Nähe zum Naturdenkmal zwischen Plantage und Erzbergerstraße gelegen wurde im Zuge der gesteigerten Aktivitäten des Sportvereins „TSV Schott Mainz“ 2010 mit zwei neuen Kunstrasenplätze auf neuestem Stand ausgestattet. Dies erlaubt eine dauerhafte Bespielbarkeit des Platzes und ist somit für alle in Mombach engagierten Fußballvereine von Vorteil. Die für Mainz einmalige Hanglage für die Stehtribüne blieb erhalten. Die Leichtathletikeinrichtungen der Anlage wurden 2011 erneuert.
Als die Serienflugzeuge im September 1941 bereit für die Auslieferung waren, verhängte die US-Regierung ein Export-Embargo für Flugzeuge nach Schweden. Nach dem Angriff auf Pearl Harbor erhielten alle Vanguards die Typenbezeichnung P-66. Die Produktion wurde im April 1942 eingestellt. Die USAAF behielt etwa 50 Maschinen und setzte sie vorrangig für Schulungszwecke im Westen der USA und bei der 14th Pursuit Group für Verteidigungszwecke ein. Die Piloten waren zwar von der Flugleistung der P-66 beeindruckt, jedoch galt das Flugzeug als nicht sehr robust. Eine Tendenz der Flugzeuge, sich am Boden zu überschlagen, führte außerdem dazu, dass 15 Flugzeuge durch Landeunfälle verloren gingen.
Die Serie dreht sich um Sam Briggs, der dazu neigt, Probleme anzuziehen, ihm passieren immer wieder Unfälle. Besonders in letzter Zeit scheint er nicht gerade vom Glück verfolgt zu sein. Er ist verliebt in Melanie Clayton, aber noch nicht mit ihr verheiratet; die beiden erwarten ein Kind. Diese Nachricht Melanies Eltern Angela und Dick zu erzählen, ist nur eines der vielen Dilemmata, mit denen sie in den früheren Episoden konfrontiert werden.
Stellungen werden auch an den Flanken und im rückwärtigen Teil des Verteidigungsraumes geplant und durch Reservekräfte erkundet, ggf. auch vorbereitet, um angreifenden Feind vor diesen Stellungen aufzufangen und zu stauen, z. B. als Voraussetzung für den Erfolg eigener vorausgeplanter Gegenangriffe.
Außerdem befindet sich der Haltepunkt Mainz-Waggonfabrik in Mombach an der Bahnstrecke Alzey–Mainz. Dieser wurde von 2010 bis Anfang 2011 modernisiert.Neben diesen beiden Bahnstationen gehört auch der bereits in der Neustadt liegende S-Bahn-Haltepunkt Mainz Nord zum Nahverkehrsangebot in Mombach. Von dort verkehrt die Linie S 8 in Richtung Wiesbaden bzw. in Richtung Offenbach über Frankfurt am Main.
Ukrainischer Telegrafen-Code Telegraphen-Übertragung: Jeder einzelne ukrainische Buchstabe hat bei dieser Variante ein lateinisches 1:1-Äquivalent. So sind die lateinischen Buchstaben Q, W, V, X äquivalent mit ukrainisch Я (oder Щ manchmal), В, Ж, Ь. Andere Buchstaben werden phonetisch transkribiert. Dieser Zeichensatz zur Zeichenkodierung des ukrainischen kyrillischen Alphabet in der KOI8-U-Tabelle wird in der ukrainischen Sprache hauptsächlich bei Computersystemen verwendet.
Andrés de Urdaneta, der bereits 1525 mit Loaísa losgesegelt war, gelang schließlich die Flucht, und er kehrte 1536 nach Spanien zurück. Damit gelang ihm und wenigen anderen nach Elcano und seiner Crew nach elfjähriger Odyssee die zweite europäische Umrundung der Erde.
Rudnyc’kyj, Jaroslav B. (1948). Чужомовні транслітерації українських назв: Iнтернаціональна, англійська, французька, німецька, еспанська й португальська (Foreign transliterations of Ukrainian names: International, Englisch, Französisch, Deutsch, Spanisch und Portugiesisch), Augsburg: Iнститут родо- й знаменознавства.
McGoohan sollte nach dem Willen seiner Mutter eigentlich Priester werden. Nach der Schule in Ratcliffe, in der er sich in Mathematik und im Boxen auszeichnete, wurde er zunächst Hühnerfarmer, Bankangestellter und Lastwagenfahrer, bis er eine Anstellung als Bühnenmanager bei der Sheffield Repertory bekam. Zu seiner ersten Rolle kam er durch die Erkrankung eines Schauspielers, für den er einsprang. Hier lernte er auch seine Ehefrau Joan Drummond kennen, die er zwischen einer Probe von „The Taming of the Shrew“ (Der Widerspenstigen Zähmung) und der Abendvorstellung heiratete.
Ein Philatelist benötigt einige Werkzeuge zum angemessenen Umgang mit Briefmarken. Eine Briefmarken-Pinzette ist sein wichtigstes Hilfsmittel. Sie hat stets abgerundete Ecken und glatte, möglichst polierte Innenflächen, da sie so keine Schäden an der Gummierung der Briefmarke anrichten kann.
Maués, amtlich Município de Maués, ist eine Gemeinde im brasilianischen Bundesstaat Amazonas in der Mesoregion Central-Amazonas in der Mikroregion Parintins. Die Gemeinde wird Stadt des Guaraná genannt. Die Stadt ist von der Fläche die 24. größte in Brasilien.
Nestlé-Werk für NescaféDas Werk in Mainz-Mombach beschäftigt ca. 360 Mitarbeiter (2010). Es nahm 1960 den Betrieb auf und produziert jährlich insgesamt 30.000 Tonnen Kaffee- und Kakaoprodukte.
Durch den Einfluss Rudolf Virchows auf die deutsche Unterrichtsverwaltung entstanden in jenen Jahren erste eigene Lehrstühle für Pathologische Anatomie. So wurde Waldeyer 1865 zum außerordentlichen Professor für Pathologische Anatomie in Breslau ernannt. Als Extraordinarius hatte er weder einen Lehrstuhl noch ein eigenes Institut, sondern musste sich mit fünf Zimmern eines Privathauses für seine Demonstrationen begnügen. Die Vorlesungen hielt er im Hörsaal der Zoologen ab, und seine Forschungsarbeiten betrieb er im Physiologischen Institut. Nach anfänglichen Schwierigkeiten betreute Waldeyer schließlich alle Obduktionen der vier großen Krankenanstalten Breslaus. 1867 wurde das Extraordinariat in ein Ordinariat umgewandelt, 1871 fanden sich dann auch passendere Räumlichkeiten.
Narasimhan ist vor allem für seine Arbeiten über die Modulräume holomorpher Vektorbündel auf projektiven Mannigfaltigkeiten bekannt. Mit C. S. Seshadri charakterisierte er die stabilen Vektorbündel auf algebraischen Kurven (Riemannschen Flächen) durch unitäre Darstellungen bestimmter diskreter Gruppen. Mit S. Ramanan untersuchte er die Singularitäten der Modulräume der Vektorbündel auf algebraischen Kurven und deren Auflösung (für kleinen Rang). Seine Arbeit Existence of universal connections mit Ramanan hat auch Anwendungen in der theoretischen Physik (Eichtheorien, Chern-Simons-Theorie).
Mit der Einführung des Verhältniswahlrechts bei der Europawahl 1999 wurde auch Watsons ehemaliger Wahlkreis zugunsten des Wahlkreises Südwestengland aufgelöst, für den jetzt nun mehrere Personen ins Europäische Parlament gewählt werden konnten. Als einziger britischer Liberaler schaffte er mit 15,7 % der Stimmen den Einzug in das Parlament. Zwischen 1999 und 2002 war er Vorsitzender im Ausschuss für bürgerliche Freiheiten, Justiz und Inneres. Als der damalige Fraktionsvorsitzende der Liberalen Pat Cox 2002 zum Präsidenten des Europäischen Parlaments gewählt wurde, wurde Watson dessen Nachfolger als Fraktionsvorsitzender.
Edílson startete seine Laufbahn in der Jugendmannschaft des Avaí FC. Über eine Zwischenstation beim EC Vitória kam er 2005 zu Atlético Mineiro. Mit dem Klub bestritt er sein erstes Spiel in der obersten brasilianischen Spielklasse. Am 5. Oktober 2005 wurde er im Spiel gegen Paraná Clube in der 74. Minute für George Lucas eingewechselt. Bereits am nächsten Spieltag erzielte Edílson seinen ersten Treffer in der Liga. Im Auswärtsspiel bei Flamengo Rio de Janeiro am 12. Oktober traf er in der 76. Minute zum 1:2-Entstand.Am Ende der Saison ging Edílson wieder für zwei Jahre zu Avaí. Nachdem er 2008 bei verschiedenen Klubs angestellt war, bekam bei Edílson ab 2009 AA Ponte Preta einen Vertrag. Mit diesem spielte er in der Staatsmeisterschaft von São Paulo und der Série B. Der Start bei dem Klub war mit Problemen überschattet. Anfang Mai des Jahres erschien er mit zwei Mannschaftskollegen betrunken zum Training. 2010 startete Edílson noch mit Ponte Preta in der Staatsmeisterschaft, wechselte aber im Februar zum Série A Klub Grêmio Porto Alegre.Zum Gewinn der Campeonato Gaúcho durch Grêmio steuerte er in zehn Spielen ein Tor bei. Mit Grêmio bestritt Edílson sein erstes Spiel auf internationaler Klubebene. In der Copa Sudamericana 2010 gab er am 5. August 2010 sein Debüt im Spiel gegen den Goiás EC. Nachdem Edílson 2011 zunächst noch ein Spiel für Grêmio im Ligawettbewerb bestritt, wurde er für den Rest der Saison an den Ligakonkurrenten Atlético Paranaense ausgeliehen. Nachdem er 2012 wieder für Grêmio spielte, nahm ihn Anfang 2013 der Botafogo FR aus Rio de Janeiro unter Vertrag. Mit dem Klub konnte er in dem Jahr die Staatsmeisterschaft gewinnen.
Große Lagerstätten existieren in Ost und Südostasien (Volksrepublik China, Indonesien, Malaysia, Vietnam), in Südamerika (Peru, Bolivien, Brasilien), in West- und Zentralafrika (DR Kongo, Niger, Ruanda, Nigeria) und Australien. In Europa liegen wichtige Abbaugebiete in Russland und Portugal. Auch in Deutschland gab es Zinnerzlagerstätten, beispielsweise im sächsischen Erzgebirge: Altenberg, Zinnwald, Ehrenfriedersdorf.
fDie Flyspot Rocks (aus dem Englischen frei übersetzt Erhaschte Felsen) sind eine Gruppe bis zu 35 m hoher Klippenfelsen vor der Fallières-Küste des Grahamlands auf der Antarktischen Halbinsel. In der Marguerite Bay liegen sie 22 km nordwestlich der Terra Firma Islands. Auf ihrer Südseite sind sie im Gegensatz zur Nordseite vereist.
Auf die Nachfrage Lew Grades, ob McGoohan nach dem Ende von Geheimauftrag für John Drake weiterhin für ihn arbeiten wolle, war dieser vorbereitet und hatte bereits ein Exposé für eine neue siebenteilige Serie ausgearbeitet. Darin wird ein nicht mehr aktiver Geheimagent entführt und erwacht in einem Gefängnis, das als Urlaubsort getarnt ist. Die Serie wurde auf siebzehn Teile erweitert, da die Form der „Mini-Serie“ seinerzeit noch nicht existierte. Die Serie hatte den Titel „Nummer 6“ (The Prisoner, 1967) und wurde in der surreal anmutenden Kulisse der nordwalisischen Hotelanlage Portmeirion gedreht. McGoohan war bei dieser Produktion Hauptdarsteller und Regisseur zugleich. Die Serie wurde allerdings sehr kontrovers diskutiert und nach der umstrittenen letzten Folge sah er sich veranlasst, England vorübergehend zu verlassen.
Die HzL wurde 1899 als Actiengesellschaft Hohenzollern’sche Kleinbahngesellschaft gegründet, um den zu Preußen gehörenden Regierungsbezirk Sigmaringen (Hohenzollernsche Lande) durch Kleinbahnstrecken zu erschließen.
Die Zehntscheuer Bildechingen wurde um 1424 als Wohn-Wehr-Anlage errichtet. Der Massivbau hat erdgeschossige, zu einem Lager gehörigen Schartenöffnungen und zwei darüber rekonstruierbare Wohngeschosse sowie eine Brückenverbindung zum Turm der benachbarten Kirche. Seit dem Jahr 2000 wird die Zehntscheuer nach zweijähriger Umbauzeit als Gemeindezentrum der Katholischen Kirche Bildechingen genutzt.
26. Oktober: Im Großen Türkenkrieg wird die von vielen Einwohnern und der osmanischen Besatzung verlassene Stadt Skopje von österreichischen Truppen an diesem und dem Folgetag in Brand gesteckt und von den Flammen stark zerstört.
Heinrich Nauen schuf in den Jahren einen monumentalen Gemäldezyklus für die Burg Drove. Den Auftrag dazu hatte Nauen 1912 vom Aachener Kunsthistoriker Edwin Suermondt erhalten. Von 1912 bis 1913 war der Künstler mit der Ausführung sechs großformatiger Leinwände beschäftigt, die als sein expressionistisches Hauptwerk gelten.
Eine Transkription versucht, die Aussprache des Ukrainischen mit den Mitteln einer dem Leser bekannten Sprache einigermaßen treffend wiederzugeben. Die sogenannte Nationale Variante oder die beliebtesten Transkriptionen hängen per Definitionem von der Zielsprache ab: beispielsweise der Name Грушевський erscheint bei der Transkription ins Niederländische als Hroesjevsky, ins Englische als Hrushevsky, ins Deutsche als Hruschewskyj, ins Französische als Hrouchevsky, etc. Solche Transkriptionen sind vor allem in der Medienlandschaft weit verbreitet, etwa in Zeitungen, Zeitschriften, Lexika und in Atlanten. Auf der Grundlage dieser Transkripte kann man die ursprüngliche ukrainische Version ohne Kenntnis der Sprache nicht immer eindeutig rekonstruieren.
Fred Dibnah war ein auf Abrisse spezialisierter englischer Schornsteinbauer (Steeplejack) und Fernsehmoderator für technikgeschichtliche Sendungen.
Deutschenbaur war der Sohn des Bäckers und Hoteliers Kaspar Deutschenbaur. Er besuchte das Gymnasium bei St. Stephan und studierte anschließend Jura in München. Während seines Studiums wurde er Mitglied des Akademischen Gesangvereins München. Er wurde 1892 rechtskundiger Polizeikommissar in Augsburg und wurde 1897 berufsmäßiger Magistratsrat. Er nahm als Reserve-Offizier am Ersten Weltkrieg teil. Nach dem Krieg wurde er im Juni 1919 als Kandidat der BVP zum Bürgermeister von Augsburg gewählt. Im Dezember 1924 wurde er wieder gewählt.
Edwin Klebs verschaffte ihm eine Assistentenstelle am Physiologischen Institut der Universität Königsberg. Hier wurde Waldeyer, der sich schon in Greifswald umfassende Kenntnisse der Pathologischen Anatomie erworben hatte, mit der Untersuchung pathologischer Objekte betraut und führte bald auch die klinischen Obduktionen an den Königsberger Krankenanstalten durch. Daneben unterrichtete er praktische Ärzte in Pathologischer Anatomie.
Der Antrieb der Schiffe besteht aus einem Zweitakt-Dieselmotor des Herstellers Dieselmotorenwerk Rostock mit einer Leistungen von rund 10.900 kW. Der Motor wirkt nicht wie beim Typ VW 1100 direkt auf einen Festpropeller, sondern auf eine Verstellpropelleranlage und einen Wellengenerator der AEM Dessau. Der im Vergleich zum Vorgängertyp stärkere Motortyp ermöglicht 19 Knoten Dienstgeschwindigkeit und 19,5 Knoten Höchstgeschwindigkeit. Weiterhin stehen drei Hilfsdiesel und ein Notdiesel-Generator zur Verfügung. Die An- und Ablegemanöver werden durch ein Bugstrahlruder unterstützt.
Der erste offizielle Weltrekordhalter war James Duncan aus den USA (47,58 Meter, 1912). Ende der 1970er Jahre kamen nicht nur die Männer (zuerst Wolfgang Schmidt, DDR), sondern auch die Frauen (erstmals 1975 Faina Melnik, UdSSR) bereits deutlich über die 70-Meter-Marke hinaus. Beide hatten ihre Weiten damit ungefähr verdoppelt (siehe auch Abschnitt unten zur Weltrekordentwicklung).
Angeboten wird das „Sammeln im Abonnement“ von postfrischen Briefmarken und von entwerteten. Die entwerteten haben meistens Stempel, die sich in der Aufmachung, der Druckqualität und häufig auch von der Position von jenen aus dem realen Postverkehr unterscheiden. Weiterhin werden auch andere Produkte angeboten, die sich an Sammler richten, beispielsweise Ersttagsblätter.
Die Geschlechtszellen. In: Oscar Hertwig: Handbuch der vergleichenden und experimentellen Entwickelungsgeschichte der Wirbeltiere. Erster Band, Erster Teil, Erste Hälfte, S. 86–476, erschienen 1901–1903, Gustav Fischer, Jena 1906 Digitalisat
Rolf Bier (Hg.): Der Vermeer-Sensor. Wertzuschreibung und Werterhaltung von Ding und Kunst in Zeiten der Überfülle. Neofelis-Verlag, Berlin 2016.
Sie finden ihren Arbeitsplatz im Industriebau, im Wohnungsbau und im öffentlichen Bau. Sie können sowohl in der Sanierung, Modernisierung und Instandsetzung von feuerfesten Konstruktionen eingesetzt werden, wie auch im Neubau.
In seine Zeit fallen viele Hexenprozesse im Hochstift Paderborn, z.B. die Hexenprozesse in Borchen unter dem Syndikus des Domstifts, Licenciat Johann Moller.
Die Kritik verdichtete sich in der Person Schāh Walīyullāh ad-Dihlawīs, der einen neuen Bildungskanon forderte, der weniger Logik und Philosophie und mehr Hadithwerke beinhaltete.
Eine Besonderheit stellt die heimische Mineralbrunnenindustrie dar („Westerwaldquelle“, „Heilquelle Karlssprudel“ sowie die früheren Brunnenbetriebe „St. Georgsquelle“ und „Gertrudisbrunnen“).
Das Rolex Learning Center in Lausanne (Lausanne, Schweiz / Kazuyo Sejima und Ryue Noshizawa). Produktion 2012, Erstausstrahlung am 5. Mai 2013.
Arndt hatte zu Beginn der 1950er Jahre in Düsseldorf Unterricht an der Schauspielschule bei Gustaf Gründgens erhalten. Es folgten Engagements an Theatern in Köln, Bad Godesberg, Bonn, Düsseldorf, Innsbruck, Basel, Saarbrücken und Schwäbisch Hall. Gelegentlich, wie in Saarbrücken, konnte er auch Stücke inszenieren.
Die Schiffe sind als Mehrzweck-Trockenfrachtschiffe mit weit achterem Deckshaus ausgelegt. In der Hauptsache werden sie im Containertransport eingesetzt. Die Containerkapazität wurde im Vergleich zum Vorgängertyp leicht erhöht und beträgt 1122 TEU, bei homogen beladenen 14-Tonnen-Containern sind es weniger. Die Schiffe besitzen drei Laderäume, die mit Pontonlukendeckeln verschlossen werden. Die Schiffe wurden zum Einsatz in Gebieten mit schlecht ausgebauter Hafeninfrastruktur entwickelt und sind daher mit jeweils zwei mittschiffs angeordneten NMF-Kränen von je 45 Tonnen Kapazität ausgerüstet.
Das dars-i nizami war eine schnelle Ausbildung, in der man nur wenige Texte und dann nur auszugsweise las, um die Denkfähigkeit und Phantasie der Studenten anzuregen. Die Absolventen besetzten meist Schlüsselpositionen in der Administration der Nawabs.
Für die Süddeutsche war er anfangs als Gerichtskarikaturist tätig. Auf Anregung seines Ressortschefs entstanden ab 1952 erste Polizeiberichte und er blieb vier Jahrzehnte der Münchner Kriminalreporter der Zeitung. Er war Gastdozent an Polizeischulen.
Heinrich Wilhelm Gottfried Waldeyer (* 6. Oktober 1836 in Hehlen/Weser; † 23. Januar 1921 in Berlin), ab 1916 Wilhelm von Waldeyer-Hartz (erhoben in den erblichen Adelsstand, mit Namensteil nach der Familie seiner Mutter Wilhelmine Waldeyer, geb. von Hartz ), war ein deutscher Anatom.
Der nahezu vollständig bewaldete Emser Berg befindet sich im Naturpark Habichtswald, im Südteil der Hinterhabichtswälder Kuppen, zwischen der Kernstadt von Niedenstein im Osten und den Bad Emstaler Ortsteilen Sand im Nordwesten und Merxhausen im Südwesten. Sein Gipfel liegt im äußersten Osten der Gemarkung von Sand – etwa 1,4 km südöstlich von Sand, 1,4 km nordöstlich von Merxhausen, knapp 2,5 km westlich der Niedensteiner Kernstadt und 2,1 km nordwestlich des Niedensteiner Ortsteils Wichdorf. Ein Teil der Berghänge im Norden, Osten und Süden gehört zur Gemarkung Niedenstein im Schwalm-Eder-Kreis. Etwa 1,5 km nordöstlich erhebt sich der Berg Altenburg (450,7 m) mit Resten der vorgeschichtlichen Burganlage Altenburg. Etwa 3 km östlich erhebt sich der Niedensteiner Kopf (475 m) mit dem Aussichtsturm Hessenturm.
In der ukrainischen Sprache wird eine Variante des kyrillischen Alphabetes verwendet, welches Unterschiede zu dem in der russischen Sprache verwendeten Alphabet aufweist. Der Zweck der romanisierten Umschrift ist es, die Sprache auch für Personen verständlich zu machen, welche die kyrillischen Schriftzeichen nicht lesen können. Dies betrifft unter anderem den Tourismus, den Bereich der internationalen Politik, des Handels und weltweiter Organisationen. Ebenso kann mittels der Umschrift auf einem Computer, der nicht über eine ukrainische Tastatur verfügt, eine Bearbeitung von Texten erfolgen. Im Laufe der Geschichte gab es schon mehrere Vorschläge zur Abänderung des ukrainischen Alphabetes in verschiedenen Varianten, die in der Regel meist auf den westslawischen Sprachen beruhten. Bei den verschiedenen Varianten, die bisher verwendet wurden und in Betracht kommen, konnte sich bisher keine durchsetzen.
Der Schwerpunkt der Geschäftstätigkeit im Jahr 2011 mit 32,4 Millionen Euro (80 %) Umsatzerlösen stammt aus dem Bereich Bahn, 11 % (4,3 Millionen Euro) steuert der Bus bei und 3,6 Millionen Euro Umsatzerlöse (9 %) werden im Schienengüterverkehr erzielt.
Berühmte Personen, wie Gelehrte und Künstler sowie ihre Werke, Politiker und Sportler (vgl. z. B. die Serien der DDR-Post „Berühmte Persönlichkeiten“ und „Bedeutende Persönlichkeiten“)
Etwas bachabwärts wird sie auf ihrer rechten Seite durch den Abfluss aus dem Dorfweiher und kurz danach auf der gleichen Seite vom Bach aus dem Wildenstallgrund gestärkt. Sie kreuzt nun die St 2266 (Marksteinacher Hauptstraße) und wird dann am Südwestrand des Ortes auf ihrer linken Seite von dem aus dem Südosten heranziehenden Grundwiesenbach gespeist.
John August, der bisher als Drehbuchautor bekannt war, führte in diesem Film zum ersten mal selbst Regie. Der Film wurde in 22 Tagen in Los Angeles und zwei weiteren in New York gedreht und spielte weltweit 130.880 USD ein. Der Film feierte seine Premiere am 21. Januar auf dem Sundance Film Festival und wurde in Deutschland nur als Direct-to-DVD veröffentlicht.
1816 wurde die Stadt Leun Teil des Kreises Braunfels, der wiederum der Preußischen Provinz Großherzogtum Niederrhein unterstand. 1822 wurde dieser Kreis dem Kreis Wetzlar beigeordnet. Leun gehörte daher bis 1932 zur preußischen Exklave, die der Kreis Wetzlar bildete, bevor er der preußischen Provinz Hessen-Nassau zugeordnet wurde. Die Exklavenstellung ist noch heute an der Zugehörigkeit zur Evangelischen Kirche im Rheinland zu spüren.
Die konfessionell gebundene Zeitschrift wendet sich mit ihren Beiträgen, die für die sozialpädagogische und religionspädagogische Arbeit mit Kindern relevant sind, vor allem an Fachkräfte in Kitas, an Studierende der Sozialpädagogik/-arbeit, ferner an Fachberater/innen, Fortbildner/innen, Fachlehrer/innen sowie an pädagogisch Interessierte.
Sir Graham Watson (* 23. März 1956 in Rothesay (Schottland)) ist ein britischer Europapolitiker der Liberal Democrats. Er war von 1994 bis 2014 Abgeordneter im Europäischen Parlament und wurde 2002 Fraktionsvorsitzender der Europäischen Liberalen, Demokratische und Reformpartei. Von 2004 bis 2009 war er Fraktionsvorsitzender der 2004 neu gebildeten Fraktion der Allianz der Liberalen und Demokraten für Europa (ALDE). Von 2011 bis 2015 war Watson Vorsitzender der ALDE-Partei.Anfang Januar 2009 kündigte Watson an, für die Zeit nach der Europawahl 2009 das Amt des Präsidenten des Europäischen Parlaments anzustreben. Durch diese Ankündigung wolle er die Besetzung des Amtes zum Wahlkampfthema machen und sich so von den sonst üblichen „Abkommen hinter verschlossenen Türen“ lösen. Außerdem kündigte er an, eine Zweier-Koalition zwischen der christdemokratischen Fraktion EVP-ED und der ALDE anzustreben; diese erreichte bei der Wahl jedoch keine Mehrheit. Letztlich kam es wie schon 2004 zu einer Einigung zwischen der christdemokratischen EVP und der sozialdemokratischen SPE, sich das Präsidentenamt für jeweils eine halbe Legislaturperiode aufzuteilen. Watson selbst kündigte daraufhin an, für die Legislaturperiode 2009-14 keine bedeutenden Ämter im Parlament zu übernehmen.
Als auf dem Gelände der ehemaligen Deichmeisterei neben dem Kreuzerhof eine Nisthilfe aufgestellt wurde, nahmen Störche aus einer größeren Population in Wiesbaden-Schierstein sie an. Der AK-Umwelt pflegt diverse Flächen im Unterfeld, welche die Störche zur Nahrungssuche nutzen. Viele Jahrzehnte ging die Zahl der Weißstörche in Deutschland dramatisch zurück. War der Storch vor rund hundert Jahren in unseren Dörfern noch allgegenwärtig, so ist er zur bedrohten Art geworden. Wesentliche Ursachen dafür waren die Zerstörung seiner Lebensräume in Westeuropa und Nahrungsmangel durch langjährige Dürreperioden in den Überwinterungsgebieten in Afrika.
Seine Eltern waren der hannoverische Generalmajor Ernst Johann Christian von Düring (* 6. Juni 1788; † 7. April 1851) und dessen Ehefrau Karoline Frederike von Oeynhausen (* 6. Oktober 1797; † 23. Mai 1870). Sein Onkel Georg Anton Dietrich von Düring (* 8. Oktober 1780; † 30. März 1872) wurde hannoverische Generalleutnant.
In dieser Funktion löste er am 15. Februar 1856 Manuel Basilio Bustamante in der Staatsführung ab und blieb bis zum 1. März 1856 Interims-Präsident von Uruguay.
Bei der Stichwahl am 10. April 2011 gewann die SPD-Kandidatin Annette Bergen-Krause gegen den parteilosen Dieter Georg Hilbert mit 52,2 % und ist damit die erste Bürgermeisterin der Stadt Allendorf (Lumda).
Die Ursprünge des Unternehmens Felten & Guilleaume lassen sich auf Johann Theodor Felten (1747–1827) zurückführen. Felten war seit dem Ende des 18. Jahrhunderts als Seilermeister in Köln tätig und produzierte Kordel, Bindfäden und leichte Seile, belieferte andere Seiler mit Rohmaterial und beschäftigte diese im Verlagssystem. Nachdem Feltens letzter Sohn Adolf Felten gestorben war, wurde der Schwiegersohn Franz Karl Guilleaume „der Ältere“ (1798–1837), Gemahl der Tochter Christina Felten (1788–1853), in den Betrieb aufgenommen. Theodor Felten und Karl Guilleaume gründeten im Jahre 1826 das Unternehmen „Theodor Felten & Guilleaume“.
26. Januar: Johann Jacob Leu, Enzyklopädist, Bürgermeister von Zürich und Bankier († 1768) 17. März: Johann Christian Adami der Jüngere, deutscher Theologe († 1753) 14. April: Ferdinand Zellbell, schwedischer Komponist († 1765) 15. Mai: Gebhard Christian Bastineller, deutscher Rechtswissenschaftler († 1755)
Es gab neun Untersuchungsausschüsse Untersuchungsausschuss "Einfuhren in das Vereinigte Wirtschaftsgebiet und in das Gebiet der Bundesrepublik" (1950)
Der Stadtpalast aus Kalkstein wurde für die Familie Jouvenel des Ursins erbaut. Das Renaissancebauwerk wurde auf den Fundamenten eines Vorgängerbaus errichtet. Über dem Portal mit gesprengtem Giebel befindet sich ein dreiseitiger Erker, der mit Maßwerk und reichem Renaissanceschmuck versehen ist. Die Bleiglasfenster sind noch erhalten. Die gotische Dachgaube aus dem 15. Jahrhundert stammt vom Vorgängerbau.
1990 entstand auf dem Brunnengelände ein Kurzentrum, Gertrudis-Klinik Biskirchen, das seit 1995 zu einer Spezialklinik für Parkinsonkranke umfunktioniert wurde.
Mombach hat seit der Zeit der französischen Kantonseinteilung bis zur Eingemeindung Mombachs durch Mainz kein eigenes Wappen geführt. Der Ort war mit Josef Zey, Mombacher Maire adjoint, dem Budenheimer Maire im Kanton Oberingelheim zugeordnet. Mit dem Bau des neuen Mainzer Rathaus von 1971 bis 1974 sollten in der Eingangshalle die Wappen aller Stadtteile in chronologischer Reihenfolge der Eingemeindung, von unten nach oben, angebracht werden. Daher entschloss man sich im Rathaus, ein neues Wappen für Mombach entwerfen zu lassen, da die traditionelle Darstellung mit der Figur des Heiligen Nikolaus, nicht mehr als zeitgemäß erachtet wurde. Der Mainzer Heraldiker Heinz Leitermann wurde beauftragt, ein modernes, sprechendes Wappen für Mombach zu schaffen. Dieser neue Wappenschild ist in vier Felder unterteilt, dessen Motive Bezug auf Mombacher Geschichte und Gegenwart nehmen.
Minna Heeren studierte zunächst Malerei in Hamburg als Autodidakt, kam dann nach Düsseldorf. Sie gilt als Mitglied der Düsseldorfer Malerschule. Sie schuf Bilder vom Leben der Bauern und Kinder. Minna Heeren blieb unverheiratet.
Nach anfänglichem Zögern erschienen Dietrich insbesondere der Orden der Jesuiten geeignet die Konfessionalisierung umzusetzen. Bereits vor seinem Amtsantritt als Bischof waren die Jesuiten in Paderborn ansässig und hatten 1585 den Unterricht am örtlichen Gymnasium übernommen. Im Jahr 1592 wurde das Jesuitenkollegium gegründet. Dazu übergab Dietrich dem Orden das ehemalige Kloster der Minoriten und weitere Grundstücke. Dort ließ Dietrich bis 1605 ein neues Kollegiengebäude und bis 1614 ein neues Gymnasium, später nach ihm Theodorianum genannt, erbauen. Hinzu kamen Kirche und Noviziathaus. Im Jahr 1604 schenkte er dem Orden seine eigene Bibliothek und stiftete 1614 die Universität beziehungsweise Akademie. Diese unterstellte Dietrich dem Generaloberen des Ordens. Ziel war es, die Abwanderung der Studierenden in die protestantischen Nachbargebiete zu verhindern. Vornehmlich sollte die Einrichtung der Ausbildung des Klerus dienen. Gelehrt wurden Theologie und Philosophie. Die Einrichtung wurde 1614 vom Papst und vom Kaiser bestätigt.
Der bürgerliche Senat unter Führung des Senatspräsidenten Pehr Evind Svinhufvud hatte am 4. Dezember 1917 die Unabhängigkeitserklärung beim Finnischen Parlament eingereicht, welches die Unabhängigkeit befürwortete. Svinhufvud erklärte daraufhin am 6. Dezember Finnland für unabhängig. Der Unabhängigkeitstag wird seit 1919 gefeiert und ist im Laufe der Zeit zu Finnlands Nationalfeiertag geworden.
Der Diskus wird schon von Homer als kreisrunde, linsenförmige Scheibe aus Stein oder Metall bezeichnet. Größe und Gewicht waren für Männer und Jungen verschieden. Das Gewicht lag zwischen 1,25 und 5,7 Kilogramm. Der Durchmesser lag zwischen 15,5 und 34 Zentimetern und die Dicke zwischen 4 und 13 Millimetern. Meistens war er mit Schriften oder religiösen Zeichen verziert. Teilweise war er aber auch nur als religiöse Opfergabe etc. gedacht, und es wurde nicht mit ihm geworfen. Es gab einen Diskus mit einem geschliffenen Rand, der als Waffe eingesetzt wurde. Auch bei Kampfspielen war der Diskus im Gebrauch.
Die folgenden Monate wurden zum Albtraum für Loaísa und seine Crew. Man verbrachte viel Zeit, den Schiffsverband zu sammeln, weil die Schiffe aufgrund des schlechten Wetters und der Strömungen auseinanderdrifteten. Dabei erlitten zwei Schiffe Schiffbruch. Die Besatzung eines weiteren meuterte und setzte sich in den Atlantik ab. Während des ergebnislosen Versuchs, in die Magellanstraße einzufahren, wurde eines der Schiffe, die San Lesmes unter dem Kommando von Francisco de Hoces, so weit südwärts abgetrieben, dass von Seefahrtshistorikern angenommen wird, dass Hoces entweder das Kap San Diego (den südöstlichsten Punkt Feuerlands) oder Kap San Juan auf der Isla de los Estados erreichte und somit der eigentliche Entdecker der Drakepassage wäre. Mitte Mai 1526 gelangte Loaísa schließlich mit den vier verbliebenen Schiffen doch noch in den Pazifik; Schiffe und Mannschaft befanden sich in einem erbärmlichen Zustand.
Christian Sieber: „Unfreundliche“ Briefe, Kriegserklärungen und Friedensverträge. Der Alte Zürichkrieg (1436–1450) im Spiegel der Biographie von Landschreiber Hans Fründ. In: Mitteilungen des Historischen Vereins des Kantons Schwyz 98 (2006), S. 11–37.
Gouda (ndl. Goudse kaas) ist die Bezeichnung für verschiedene Schnittkäse, die nach dem Vorbild eines traditionell aus der niederländischen Stadt Gouda stammenden Käses produziert werden. Heute wird Käse unter dem Namen Gouda international produziert, während der Gouda Holland seit 2010 als geschützte geographische Angabe (g.g.A.) eingetragen und geschützt ist. Darüber hinaus gibt es den Noord-Hollandse Gouda der seit 1996 ein Produkt mit geschütztem Ursprung ist.
Im Zweiten Weltkrieg gingen die bemalten Flügeltüren verloren sowie das Pfeifenwerk des Brustwerks. Wegen dieses Verlustes wurden auch die Klaviatur und Registereinschaltung des Brustwerks entfernt.
Erstmals bezeugt wurde der Ort 1265 in einer Schenkungsurkunde als Gotelndorf apud Lewenrode, in der Wolfram von Dornberg dem Kloster Heilsbronn ein Gut vermachte. Der Zusatz apud Lewenrode (bei Leonrod) diente wohl zur Unterscheidung von dem in der Nähe liegenden Göddeldorf. Aus dem Ortsnamen kann geschlossen werden, dass der Gründer des Ortes den germanischen Personennamen Godilo trug.Götteldorf hatte seit 1625 eine einklassige Volksschule, deren erster Lehrer Hans Neubronner war. 1954 wurde noch ein neues Schulhaus gebaut. Wenig später wurde die Schule aufgelöst. 1650 kamen österreichische Glaubensflüchtlinge und halfen das durch den Dreißigjährigen Krieg in Mitleidenschaft gezogene Götteldorf wieder aufzubauen.Im Rahmen des Gemeindeedikts wurde Götteldorf dem 1808 gebildeten Steuerdistrikt Unternbibert zugeordnet. Es gehörte auch der 1811 gegründeten Ruralgemeinde Unternbibert an. Mit dem Zweiten Gemeindeedikt (1818) wurde die Ruralgemeinde Götteldorf gebildet, zu der Methlach und Ziegelhütte gehörten. Die Gemeinde unterstand in Verwaltung und Gerichtsbarkeit dem Landgericht Ansbach und in der Finanzverwaltung dem Rentamt Ansbach (ab 1920: Finanzamt Ansbach).
Die erste Kapelle in Westerhart wurde vermutlich 1829 geweiht. Dieser Bau wurde im Jahr 1928 abgebrochen und an der bestehenden Stelle wiedererrichtet. Die Form der Kapelle wurde dabei beibehalten. Die Kapelle ist ein schlichter rechteckiger Bau mit zwei Fensterachsen. Gedeckt ist die Kapelle mit einem Satteldach. Im Inneren befindet sich ein Tonnengewölbe mit Stichkappen. Ein mit Holz verschalter Anbau ist auf der Südseite der Kapelle. In diesem, mit einem Walmdach gedeckten, Anbau ist ein Kerkerchristus untergebracht. Ein Dachreiter mit Schalllöchern ist über dem Giebel aufgesetzt. Er ist mit einer blechbeschlagenen Haube gedeckt.
Das Stadtzentrum Radevormwalds hat sich auf 400 m bis an die im Südwesten gelegene Hofschaft ausgebreitet, dennoch überwiegt hier der ländliche Eindruck. Die Nachbarorte sind Geilensiepen, Walkmüller Siepen und Sieplenbusch. Man erreicht den Ortsteil über eine Stichstraße, die von der Dietrich-Bonhoeffer-Straße abzweigt.
Die Global Welding Group beschäftigt über 700 Mitarbeiter, davon arbeiten etwa 290 bei der igm Robotersysteme AG. Der Umsatz der Gruppe lag 2011 bei etwa 150 Millionen Euro, wobei auf den Bereich Robotik 60 Millionen Euro entfielen. 90 % des Umsatzes werden im Ausland erwirtschaftet, wobei die wichtigsten Exportmärkte Asien, Deutschland, Spanien, Frankreich, Indien, Russland und die Vereinigten Staaten sind.
Der Bahnhof Mainz-Mombach ist ein Bahnhof der Kategorie 5. Er wurde 1859 eröffnet und liegt an der linken Rheinstrecke. 1903 erhielt er ein Stellwerk. Die dort verkehrenden Nahverkehrszüge des Eisenbahnverkehrsunternehmen (EVU) trans regio (MittelrheinBahn) verbinden den Ort mit der Mainzer Innenstadt und der Stadt Bingen am Rhein (über Budenheim und Ingelheim am Rhein). Die Züge der Linie RB 26 verkehren im Halbstundentakt zwischen Mainz Hbf und Bingen Hbf, wobei jeder zweite Zug über Bingen hinaus über Koblenz Hbf nach Köln Messe/Deutz fährt.
Zwischen 780 und 802 taucht der Name „alten Dorfa“ (das spätere Allendorf) in den fuldaischen Schenkungsregistern des Mönches Eberhard auf. Allendorf lag im Oberlahngau, zur Mark Londorf gehörig. Im Jahre 1323 wurden von Landgraf Otto I. die Marktrechte verliehen.
Als Bühnenschauspieler war er ebenfalls sehr gefragt. Seine Darstellung eines Priesters, der der Homosexualität bezichtigt wurde, in einer Londoner West-End-Produktion beeindruckte Orson Welles derart, dass er McGoohan als Starbuck für seine Yorker Bühnenfassung von Moby Dick verpflichtete. Während McGoohan anderweitig noch als Ersatzmann bei Filmproduktionen für Probeaufnahmen einsprang, unterzeichnete er einen Vertrag mit der Rank Organisation, die als Produktionsfirma für B-Movies bekannt war. Hier wurde er vorwiegend als Bösewicht eingesetzt, wie in Duell am Steuer (Hell Drivers, 1957) oder in „Dämon Weib“ (The Gypsy and the Gentleman, 1958). Nach nur wenigen Filmen löste er den Vertrag auf.
Der Asteroid wurde nach dem französischen Schriftsteller und Dramatiker Jean Giono (1895–1970) benannt, der als Hintergrund seiner Werke vorzugsweise die Landschaft der Haute Provence verwendete. Ab 1954 gehörte er der Académie Goncourt an.
Im Abschnitt Stetten (bei Haigerloch) – Weißes Kreuz dürfen schwere Züge durch ein nicht mit dem Zug gekuppeltes Triebfahrzeug nachgeschoben werden.
Das Glasschiff von Frank Gehry (Paris, Frankreich / Frank Gehry). Produktion 2014, Regie Richard Copans, Erstausstrahlung am 20. September 2015.
Nach dem Abitur 1995 in Eutin absolvierte Grietje Staffelt ein Studium der Pädagogik an der Universität Flensburg, welches sie 2000 als Diplom-Pädagogin beendete. Zudem absolvierte sie eine Ausbildung als systemischer Coach bei artop, einem Institut der Humboldt-Universität Berlin. Seit dem Ausscheiden aus dem Bundestag ist sie selbständig tätig im Bereich Führungskräftecoaching und -beratung. Seit März 2015 arbeitet sie bei Ketchum Pleon.
Die HzL ist Mitglied im Tarifverband der Bundeseigenen und Nichtbundeseigenen Eisenbahnen in Deutschland und im Verband Deutscher Verkehrsunternehmen.
Seit der Saison 2002/03 wird außerdem die französische Mannschaftsmeisterschaft der Frauen (französisch: Interclubs Féminins) für Viererteams ausgespielt. Während die ersten beiden Austragungen im k.-o.-System durchgeführt wurden, existiert seit der Saison 2004/05 ein Ligensystem mit Auf- und Abstieg. Bis 2006 trug die höchste Spielklasse die Bezeichnung Nationale I, seitdem heißt sie Top 12. Rekordmeister sind mit jeweils vier Titeln Clichy Echecs und Évry Grand Roque.
Das Flaggschiff Santa Maria de la Victoria war das einzige Schiff, das das Expeditionsziel erreichte: Wie Magellan erreichte man zunächst Guam. Dort traf die Mannschaft zu ihrer Überraschung auf einen Spanier, Gonzalo de Vigo, der während Magellans Weltumsegelung desertiert war. Über Mindanao auf den Philippinen und Celebes erreichte die Santa Maria de la Victoria die östlichen Teile der Gewürzinseln bei Halmahera im September 1526. Weder Loaísa noch Elcano überlebten die Pazifiküberfahrt, zunächst hatte Alonso Toribio de Salazar die Führung übernommen, und nachdem dieser ebenfalls verstorben war, der Baske Martin Iñiguez de Carquizano.
Der Adlertunnel ist ein 5,3 Kilometer langer Eisenbahn-Doppelspurtunnel in der nördlichen Schweiz bei Basel. Er dient zwischen Muttenz und Liestal der Entlastung der Hauensteinlinie und wird vorwiegend mit Schnellzügen der Kategorien InterCity und InterRegio sowie ICE und TGV befahren. Wenn es betrieblich möglich ist, werden auch Güterzüge, welche von Deutschland in Richtung Olten unterwegs sind und nicht über den Rangierbahnhof verkehren müssen, durch den Adlertunnel geleitet. Indirekt ist er auch ein Zubringer der Gotthardbahn. Nach dem Baubeginn 1994 wurde er 2000 in Betrieb genommen und verkürzte die Fahrzeit von Basel nach Olten um zwei Minuten.
L'œuvre de la Délégation archéologique française en Afghanistan (1922–1932) Bd. 1: Archéologie bouddhique. Maison franco-japonaise, Tokyo 1933.
27. Juli: Am Engpass Killiecrankie besiegen schottische Royalisten (Jakobiter) mit „Bonnie Dundee“ an der Spitze englische Truppen unter General Hugh Mackay. Dundee stirbt durch eine verirrte Kugel, was den schottischen Aufstand seiner starken Führungspersönlichkeit beraubt.
"Estudio histórico-jurídico de la expedición de García Jofre de Loaisa a las Islas Molucas. La venta de los derechos sobre dichas islas a Portugal por Carlos I de España", von José María Ortuño (spanisch; PDF-Datei; 73 kB)
Von Burladingen erreichte die Bahn am 6. Dezember 1908 Gammertingen, wo sich bis heute der Betriebsmittelpunkt mit der Hauptwerkstatt befindet, und führte weiter nach Südosten über Hanfertal nach Bingen, wo über die bestehende Strecke nach Sigmaringendorf der Anschluss an die Donautalbahn erreicht wurde.
Mombach liegt im zurückgewichenen Ufervorland links des Rheins im Mainzer Becken und damit am Rande der rheinhessischen Hochfläche. Der Rhein bildet dabei die nördliche Ortsgrenze von Mombach.
Nach dem Tod seines Vaters im Mai 1925 erbte Lever dessen Adelstitel (als 2. Viscount Lerverhulme of the Western Isles, cos Inverness and Ross and Cromarty) sowie die Rolle des nominellen Oberhauptes (governor) des Lever Brothers Konzerns, dessen Führung zu dieser Zeit allerdings immer mehr in die Hände von professionellen Managern überging. 1930 war er maßgeblich an der Fusionierung von Lever Brothers mit Margarine Unie zu dem neuen Dachkonzern Unilever beteiligt.
1802 wurde das Eichsfeld mit Bernterode an Preußen übergeben und kam dann zum Königreich Westphalen. Ab 1815 war Bernterode Teil der preußischen Provinz Sachsen. 1822/1823 wurde die heutige B 80 und 1867 die Eisenbahn (Haltestelle erst 1897) gebaut.
M. S. Narasimhan (Mudumbai Seshachalu Narasimhan; * 7. Juni 1932 in Thandara, Tamil Nadu) ist ein indischer Mathematiker, der sich mit Funktionentheorie, Differentialgeometrie, mathematischer Physik und algebraischer Geometrie beschäftigt.
Um 1780 erfolgte die Umgestaltung in einen englischen Landschaftsgarten im Auftrag des Mainzer Kurfürsten und Erzbischof Friedrich Karl Joseph von Erthal durch den Gartenkünstler Friedrich Ludwig Sckell (1750–1823). Die Ruine der Kirche zum Heiligen Grabe des Beginenklosters wurde als Parkstaffage miteinbezogen. Um sie herum wurde ein See angelegt. Dieser wird vom Röderbach durchflossen. Nach der Verlegung des Jagdzeughauses in die Fasanerie wurde an gleicher Stelle im ausgehenden 18. Jahrhundert nach Plänen von Emanuel Joseph d’Herigoyen ein Orangeriegebäude errichtet. Der nördliche Teil der Anlage wurde zunächst bis in die 1950er Jahre weiterhin als Hofgarten und Gemüsegarten genutzt, bis man auch diesen Abschnitt im englischen Stil gestaltete.
Galgenberg veröffentlichte als ein renommierter Hamburger Verlag (Hamburger Abendblatt) über regionale Themen, Frauen- und Männerthemen und über Sexualität. Ein früher Schwerpunkt waren auch türkische Autoren: vor Latife Tekin erschienen im Verlagsprogramm noch Werke Nazlı Erays, Yusuf Atılgans und Aysel Özakıns.
Feierle besuchte nach der Volksschule Dornbirn die Realschule Dornbirn, wurde jedoch während des Zweiten Weltkriegs 1944 noch vor dem Abschluss der Realschule zum Reichsarbeitsdienst einberufen. Seine Reifeerklärung erfolgte auf Grund eines Erlasses. Nach dem Reichsarbeitsdienst wurde Feierle 1944 zum Kriegsdienst eingezogen, wobei er im Juni 1945 aus der amerikanischen Kriegsgefangenschaft zurückkehrte.
Nachdem Zuma zunächst für die südafrikanischen Vereine Orlando Pirates und African Wanderes gespielt hatte, wechselte er 2001 zum FC Kopenhagen, mit dem er zweimal Meister sowie zweimal Vizemeister wurde. Ein Fallrückzieher Zumas aus dem Jahr 2001 gegen den Erzrivalen Bröndby IF wird in Dänemark seit Jahren zum „schönsten Tor aller Zeiten“ gezählt. 2001 wurde Zuma in Dänemark zum "Spieler des Jahres" gewählt. Zur Saison 2005/06 wechselte er zu Arminia Bielefeld, wo er einen Vertrag bis 2008 bekam.
Das Dorf lag im Nordnordosten der Stadt Prichsenstadt, an der Stelle, wo Marbach, Gänsgraben und der sogenannte Molkenbrunnen zusammenfließen. Das Dorf ist durch den Schönbach, der auf die Schwarzach zufließt, in zwei Hälften geteilt. Kleinschönbach, circa zwei Kilometer von Prichsenstadt entfernt, liegt in einem Siedlungsdreieck mit Altenschönbach und Kirchschönbach. Alle drei sind nach dem kleinen Bach benannt.Im 20. Jahrhundert wurden auf dem Gebiet der ehemaligen Siedlung einige Keramikreste aus dem 15. Jahrhundert ausgegraben, die weitere Hinweise auf den Ort gaben.
Im Programm der Halle 45 (bis Ende 2015 Phönix-Halle) finden das ganze Jahr über Messen, Konzerte und Musicals statt. Das Mombacher Rheinuferfest am Wochenende von oder nach Maria Himmelfahrt und der Weihnachtsmarkt locken alljährlich viele Besucher an.
Die Briefmarkenalben selbst wurden ebenfalls verbessert. Im Jahre 1884 vertrieb Dauth ein „Mechanisches Briefmarkenalbum“. Dies war das erste Briefmarkenalbum der Welt mit Schraubenheftung. Es ermöglichte ein einfaches Austauschen und Einfügen einzelner Blätter des Briefmarkenalbums.
Der Ort selbst ist über die Landesstraßen 2048 und 3080 mit den umliegenden Ortschaften verbunden, nur wenig nördlich verläuft die Bundesautobahn 38 (mit dem Höllbergtunnel) und besitzt einen Haltepunkt der Bahnstrecke Halle–Hann. Münden.
Kühberg wird im mittleren Bereich von der Bahnstrecke Vejprty–Annaberg-Buchholz unt Bf durchquert. Der Haltepunkt Kühberg wurde am 15. Dezember 1896 eröffnet. Er befand sich im Zentrum der Ansiedlung. Aufgrund der geringen Frequentierung erfolgte die Auflassung des Halts zum 27. September 1998. Im Rahmen der Streckenerneuerung im Jahr 2000 wurde der bis dahin noch vorhandene Bahnsteig vollständig abgetragen. Zum Fahrplanwechsel am 14. Dezember 2014 wurde der planmäßige Reiseverkehr zwischen den Bahnhöfen Vejprty und Cranzahl, in dessen Abschnitt auch Kühberg passiert wird, gänzlich eingestellt.
Marina Dalmas sang bereits als Kind viel und begann mit zehn Jahren, Gesangsvideos von sich ins Internet zu stellen. Mit 13 Jahren bewarb sie sich bei La France a un incroyable talent, der französischen Version von Das Supertalent. Mit ihrer Interpretation der Adele-Songs Rolling in the Deep und Set Fire to the Rain konnte sie das Publikum überzeugen und den Wettbewerb gewinnen.Danach dauerte es drei Jahre, bis sie ein Management gefunden, einen Plattenvertrag mit Universal Music unterschrieben und ihre Karriere vorbereitet hatte. Im Herbst 2014 verbreitet sie unter ihrem neuen Künstlernamen Marina Kaye das Lied Homeless, das im Internet schnell die Grenze von 1 Million Aufrufen überschritt. Als es Anfang 2015 offiziell veröffentlicht wurde, stieg es in Frankreich und im französischsprachigen Teil Belgiens auf Platz 1 der Charts und hielt sich dort jeweils für 2 Wochen. Das Debütalbum Fearless folgte im Mai und erreichte in beiden Ländern die Top 10. In der Schweiz kamen Single und Album jeweils auf Platz 25 der Schweizer Hitparade.
Es ist ein Bestandteil ätherischer Öle, genauer des Sandelholzöls und des Fichtennadelöls. Santen wurde dort erstmals 1900 von Friedrich Müller isoliert.
Die Hoffnung hat einen Namen - Kinderonkologe Holger Lode behandelt Patienten aus aller Welt / Heilungschancen wachsen dank Forschungen. In: Ostsee-Zeitung. 5. Dezember 2015.
Dass ihn sein Onkel zum Vormund über seine verwaiste Cousine Liese bestimmt hat, macht den jungen Bauern Peter überhaupt nicht glücklich; denn er ist über beide Ohren in sie verliebt. Als Vormund wagt er es nicht, ihr seine Liebe zu gestehen. Die Verantwortung lastet so schwer auf ihm, dass er gegenüber Liese, ohne es zu wollen, oft einen recht barschen Ton anschlägt. Liese wiederum empfindet für ihren Vormund auch mehr als nur Sympathie, doch auch sie getraut sich nicht, ihm dies zu zeigen.
Eine weitere berühmte Sammlung ist die Sammlung des Königs Faruk von Ägypten, die jedoch nach seiner Absetzung aufgelöst und versteigert wurde. Ebenfalls berühmt wurden die Sammlungen König Carols von Rumänien sowie des Zaren Nikolaus II. von Russland.
1994 wurde er für den Wahlkreis Somerset und North Devon in das Europäische Parlament gewählt. Zusammen mit Robin Teverson gehörte er damit zu den ersten britischen Liberalen im Europäischen Parlament. Im Parlament schloss er sich mit Teverson der Fraktion der Europäischen Liberalen, Demokratischen und Reformpartei an. Während seiner ersten Amtszeit bis 1999 war Watson Mitglied im Ausschuss für Wirtschaft und Währung sowie im Haushaltsausschuss. Von 1994 bis 1996 war ebenfalls parlamentarischer Geschäftsführer seiner Fraktion.
Zwischen 1910 und 1945, als Korea Teil des Japanischen Kaiserreichs war, trug die Stadt offiziell den japanischen Namen Shunsen (jap. 春川), welcher der sinojapanischen Aussprache der koreanischen Hanja entspricht.
Dennoch verfügen die meisten Busse heute über einen Heckmotor, der über eine große Klappe von hinten besser zugänglich ist. Dieser treibt bei Gelenkbussen die Hinterachse an („Schubgelenkbus“), eine Knickwinkelsteuerung reguliert das Gelenk.
Im Stadtteil Lahnbahnhof befindet sich der Bahnhof mit stattlichem Empfangsgebäude. Das heute aufgrund des Haltepunktcharakters des Bahnhofes völlig überdimensioniert wirkende Gebäude war im Jahre 1863 fertiggestellt worden und zählt mit seinen zwei Türmen zu den größten der Lahntalbahn. Seine besondere Ausschmückung verdankt es der fürstlichen Familie in Braunfels, die den Bahnhof dementsprechend nach ihrem Stammsitz nannte, obgleich er auf Leuner Grund stand. Erst in den 1990er Jahren benannte man den Bahnhof in „Leun/Braunfels“ um.
Auf dem breiten Unterbau erhebt sich der gedrungene neuromanische Sockel mit der Inschrift Richard Wagner. Die 2,7 Meter hohe Figur Richard Wagners thront auf einem Sessel, wohl im Augenblick der Inspiration den Blick in unbestimmte Fernen gerichtet. Die linke Hand ruht – vielleicht nach Tönen tastend – auf der Sessellehne, während die Rechte zur Faust geballt ein Bündel Notenblätter beschwert. Gestalten aus seinen Werken umgeben den Sockel des im Sinne der Zeit zum Geistesheroen emporstilisierten Komponisten. Vorne am Sockel huldigt Wolfram von Eschenbach aus der Oper Tannhäuser und der Sängerkrieg auf Wartburg mit der Lyra in der Linken – als Einfall Kaiser Wilhelms II. gewissermaßen stellvertretend für die Deutsche Nation – dem Genius Richard Wagners. Der Lorbeerkranz und der Eichenzweig zu seinem rechten Fuß verweisen auf ewigen Ruhm. Der Eichenzweig kann auch als Verweis auf den „deutschen Nationalbaum“ Eiche und damit als nationales Symbol gesehen werden.
27. Dezember: Jacob August Franckenstein, deutscher Rechtswissenschaftler und Redakteur († 1733) Bernhard Friedrich von Ahlimb, preußischer Oberst und Kommandeur der Garnison in Magdeburg († 1757)
3. Juni 1973: Haigerloch–HechingenDer 1947 begonnene Busverkehr der HzL umfasst heute ein 800-km-Liniennetz zwischen Reutlingen, Horb, Sigmaringen und Riedlingen.
Der Stifter des Denkmals in der Nähe der Luiseninsel war der Kosmetikproduzent Ludwig Leichner. Der ehemalige Sänger war reich geworden durch die innovativen Produkte seiner Poudre- und Schminkenfabrik. Für die erste bleifreie Bühnenschminke erhielt er Auszeichnungen an der Berliner Gewerbeausstellung 1879 und an der Pariser Weltausstellung.
Von 1988 bis 1991 veröffentlichte der Verlag beispielsweise die ersten sechs Bella-Block-Romane von Doris Gercke. Auch Übersetzungen bedeutender ausländischer Literatur erschienen hier zum ersten Mal, etwa 1987 Honigberg von Latife Tekin, bevor Großverlage sie später erneut herausbrachten. Der Verlag veröffentlichte außerdem Werke folgender Autoren: Ales Adamowitsch, Maria Bachmann, Annette Berr, Douglas Coupland, Norberto Fuentes, Almudena Grandes, Ernst Kahl, Jörg Schröder, Gerd Spiekermann, Kurt Tucholsky, Najem Wali, Tom Wittgen, Gabriele Wolff.
Die Athos Range wurde erstmals im November 1955 von Teilnehmern der Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions unter der Leitung des australischen Polarforschers John Béchervaise (1910–1998) besucht. Weitere Erkundungsmärsche in die Region erfolgten 1956 bis 1957. Benannt ist die Gebirgskette nach einer der drei Hauptfiguren aus Alexandre Dumas’ Roman Die drei Musketiere. Die vom australischen Bergsteiger William Gordon Bewsher (1924–2012) vorgeschlagene Benennung Moonlight Range setzte sich nicht durch.
Nach Angaben des United States Census Bureau breitet sich Georgetown über eine Fläche von 35,5 km² aus, von denen 0 km² mit Wasser bedeckt sind. Georgetown liegt somit zu 100 % auf Land.
Von 1898 bis 1899 war er Rektor der Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Berlin. In den Jahren 1893 bis 1894, 1897 bis 1899, 1901 bis 1902 und 1905 bis 1910 war er stellvertretender Vorsitzender der Berliner Gesellschaft für Anthropologie, Ethnologie und Urgeschichte, in den Jahren 1892, 1896, 1900 und 1903 bis 1904 hatte er den Vorsitz und wurde 1909 deren Ehrenmitglied. 1884 wurde er zum ordentlichen Mitglied der Preußischen Akademie der Wissenschaften gewählt. Seit 1896 war er korrespondierendes Mitglied der Bayerischen Akademie der Wissenschaften. 1900 war er Vorsitzender der Gesellschaft Deutscher Naturforscher und Ärzte. Im Jahr 1916 erhielt er die Cothenius-Medaille der Leopoldina.
Ein goldener Mond, der auf eine Brücke und Wasser herabsieht. Das Wappen geht auf das alte Stadtsiegel aus dem Jahre 1664 zurück. Damals dachte man, der Name Leun gehe auf das lateinische Wort für Mond „luna“ zurück, Leun müsse also von den Römern gegründet worden sein. Das Wasser auf dass er scheine symbolisiere das Leuner Becken, das oft bei Hochwasser wie ein See überflutet ist. Heute nimmt man jedoch an, der Name Leun stamme vom keltischen Namen der Lahn „Loyne“ ab.
Ab August 1958 wurde der ersten Ausführung eine stärkere Variante zur Seite gestellt. Ihr Motor hatte 688 cm³ Hubraum und leistete 30 PS (22 kW). Die Höchstgeschwindigkeit betrug 110 km/h, die Beschleunigung 40 s (0 − 100 km/h). Der Verbrauch stieg auf 5,8 l/100 km.
Die Wewelsburg war zu Beginn von Dietrichs Amtszeit noch im Pfandbesitz der Edelherren von Büren. Der Bischof löste den Pfand 1598 ein. Damit verfügte er über eine Befestigung im Südwesten seines Territoriums. Dies war besonders wichtig, um den Bestrebungen der protestantischen Edelherren nach mehr Selbständigkeit entgegentreten zu können. Dietrich ließ die Burg zu einer Dreiflügelanlage ausbauen.
Der Jubileiny-Sportkomplex (russisch Спортивный комплекс «Юбилейный») ist eine Multifunktionsarena in Sankt Petersburg, Russland. Sie befindet sich in der Nähe des Petrowski-Stadions und ist über die Metrostation Sportiwnaja erreichbar.
Evangelisch-lutherische Filialkirche St. Leonhard, die im 13. Jahrhundert als Wehrkirche errichtet wurde und erhalten geblieben ist, jedoch mit einigen Umbauten im Inneren der Kirche.
Die römisch-katholische Kapelle befindet sich im oberschwäbischen Westerhart, einem Ortsteil von Buxheim, im Landkreis Unterallgäu (Bayern). Die Kapelle steht unter Denkmalschutz.
Große Bedeutung haben auch Getreide und Obst. Die „Hessische Nationalfrucht“ (Apfel) ist auch heute auf zahllosen Streuobstwiesen zu finden. Er wird zu Apfelwein, Apfelsaft und als Koch- und Backzutat verwendet.
Zoltán Szélesi [ˈzoltaːn ˈseːlɛʃi] (* 22. November 1981) ist ein ehemaliger ungarischer Fußballspieler. Bis Juli 2016 war er Co-Trainer von Bernd Storck und Andreas Möller bei der ungarischen Nationalmannschaft. Derzeit betreut er die U-17 Ungarns.
Im Mai 2016 war der Sportkomplex einer der beiden Austragungsorte der Eishockey-Weltmeisterschaft der Herren 2016 und wurde vor diesem Turnier im Innern renoviert.
Um 1530 wurde der Tiergarten durch den Mainzer Kurfürsten und Erzbischof Albrecht von Brandenburg vergrößert. Entlang der heutigen Platanenallee wurde ein Küchengarten angelegt, die alte Mauer wurde abgerissen und eine neue Mauer mit Rundtürmen an den jeweiligen Ecken errichtet.
6 Triosonaten für Flöte, Violine und B.c. op.2 (Paris, 1737) unter dem Titel "Six sonates en trio Pour le Violon Flûte Et Basse continüe Dediées A S.A.R. La Princesse d'Oranges Oeuvre 2e, Paris, 1737"
Archäologische Ausgrabungen bezeugen, dass das Gebiet von Mombach bereits in prähistorischer Zeit besiedelt war. Aus der Frühbronzezeit wurde beispielsweise ein Flachbeil in Mombach gefunden. Auch aus römischer Zeit liegen zahlreiche Funde vor. Die Gründung des Ortes erfolgte vermutlich im Zuge der fränkischen Landnahme. In dieser Zeit entstand Mombach, wahrscheinlich aus dem fränkischen Namen Muno (Munno) oder dem keltischen Mouno. Der Ortsname wird gedeutet als Bachsiedlung des Munno. Mombach wurde erstmals im Jahre 1256 urkundlich erwähnt.
Am Anfang war das Feiern des Unabhängigkeitstages von Ernsthaftigkeit geprägt und staatlich gelenkt, und nach dem finnischen Bürgerkrieg war der Tag politisch rechts geprägt. Erst nach dem Winterkrieg waren die Finnen wieder geeint. Heutzutage legt die Mehrheit des Volkes Wert auf den Unabhängigkeitstag und feiert ihn zum Beispiel (am Vortag) in der Schule oder mit der Familie. In den Schulen wird gesungen, werden Kerzen entzündet (s.o.) und die Schüler der gymnasialen Oberstufe, die die Abschlussprüfungen im Herbst abgelegt haben, werden offiziell zu Abiturienten erklärt. Die Traditionen zu Hause schwanken von Familie zu Familie. Eine der bekanntesten, das Zusammengehörigkeitsgefühl stärkenden Traditionen ist das Schauen der TV-Übertragung vom Empfang im Präsidentenschloss. Im Fernsehen werden zahlreiche vaterländische Filme wie Kreuze in Karelien gezeigt.
Junger Gouda schmeckt rahmig und mild, die Käsemasse ist weich bis fast cremig und von fast weißer bis hellgelber Farbe. Erst bei längerer Reifezeit entwickelt sich ein zunehmend kräftiger, würziger Geschmack. Gleichzeitig wird der Käse trockener und dunkelt zu einem intensiven Goldgelb. Überjähriger Gouda schmeckt intensiv würzig und leicht scharf.
Der Computerspieleproduzent Gabriel (Reynolds) macht mit seiner Frau Mary (McCarthy) und seiner stummen Tochter Noelle (Fanning) einen Ausflug mit dem Auto in den Wald. Bei der Rückkehr stellen sie fest, dass die Batterie des Autos leer ist. Gabriel versucht den Highway für einen besseren Handyempfang zu erreichen. Dort trifft er auf Sierra (Davis), die ihm zunächst nicht helfen will, ihm später jedoch anbietet, ihn mit ihrem Wagen in die Stadt mitzunehmen. Auf einer langen Wanderung durch den Wald teilt sie ihm mit, dass sie ihn kenne und dass sie ihren Ex-Freund umgebracht habe, weil dieser seine Zeit nur noch mit einem von Gabriels Spielen verbracht habe. Mittlerweile schauen sich Mary und Noelle die Videoaufnahmen an, die sie während des Ausfluges gemacht haben. Plötzlich sagt Noelle „er wird nicht wiederkommen“ und zeigt ihrer Mutter den Film. Man sieht jetzt, dass der Ausflug der drei eigentlich eine Szene aus der Serie „Knowing“ aus dem zweiten Teil ist. Unterdessen teilt Sierra Gabriel mit, dass dies eine Intervention sei und dass sich Gabriel als höheres Wesen in einer von ihm erschaffenen Welt befände, aus der er nicht mehr heraus wolle. Sie erklärt ihm weiterhin, dass er diese Welt nur freiwillig verlassen könne. Wieder zurück bei Mary ist Noelle inzwischen verschwunden und panisch macht sich Mary auf die Suche nach ihr. In diesem Moment kommt Gabriel mit seiner Tochter auf der Schulter den Weg herunter und die drei fahren nach Hause. Dort teilt Mary ihm mit, dass sie wisse, dass er ein höheres Wesen sei und fragt ihn, was passieren würde, wenn er die Welt verlassen würde. Gabriel erwidert, er wisse es nicht, im schlimmsten Fall würde die Welt sich auflösen. Die beiden verabschieden sich voneinander und Gabriel reißt das grüne Armband aus dem Vorspann ab, welches alle drei Inkarnationen von ihm getragen haben, und beendet das Spiel. Kurz darauf findet sich Mary mit ihrer Tochter und einem anderen Ehemann in ihrer Küche wieder und sagt „Danke“ in Richtung Himmel.
Johann Kaspar Bundschuh: Gödeldorf. In: Geographisches, statistisch-topographisches Lexikon von Franken. Band 2: El–H. Verlag der Stettinischen Buchhandlung, Ulm 1800, DNB 790364298, OCLC 833753081, Sp. 347 (Digitalisat).
Nautisch-Physikalischer Theil: Geographische Ortsbestimmungen und Flutbeobachtungen.– Magnetische Beobachtungen. 1 Band. Wien 1862–65, (Digitalisat)
Den Spitznamen „Zuma the Puma“, den er bereits zu Kopenhagener Zeiten hatte, hat er wohl seiner Schnelligkeit und seinem Laufstil zu verdanken, der an die Geschmeidigkeit einer Wildkatze erinnert.
Die weiteren Details entsprachen dagegen nicht den Cyclecars. Der Vierzylindermotor war wassergekühlt. Er hatte 2016 cm³ Hubraum und lag damit deutlich über dem Hubraumlimit für Cyclecars, das bei 1100 cm³ lag. Die Motorleistung wurde über ein Zweiganggetriebe und eine Kardanwelle an die Hinterachse übertragen. Ungewöhnlich war eine verstellbare Lenksäule.
Wurden alle Stiche gespielt, folgt die Wertung für die Runde. Grundsätzlich zählt jeder Stich einen Punkt, ferner werden Bonus- und Minuspunkte entsprechend der Wertungsregeln gegeben.
Bei der Drehung beginnt sich das linke Bein auf dem Fußballen in Wurfrichtung zu drehen. Das Körpergewicht verlagert sich auf das linke Bein. Sobald das linke Bein einen Winkel von etwa 120° zur Wurfrichtung erreicht hat, drückt sich das rechte vom Boden ab. Der Fuß des leicht gebeugten rechten Beines bewegt sich auf einem optimalen Radius in Richtung des vorderen Kreisrandes. Durch diesen relativ großen Abstand zwischen rechtem Fuß und Wurfarm kommt es zu einer besseren Verwringung während der Drehung. Sobald die Körperfront in Wurfrichtung weist, hebt der linke Fuß vom Boden ab. Dadurch entsteht die Flugphase der Drehung: Der Werfer bewegt sich vorwärts und führt gleichzeitig eine Drehbewegung aus.
In der Kirche sind noch viele Teile der ursprünglichen Ausstattung vorhanden. Dazu gehört ein barocker Altar aus dem Jahre 1652, der in einer Königsberger Werkstatt stammt. Der mit zahlreichen Figuren geschmückte Altar weist lateinische und deutsche Inschriften auf. Die Kanzel stammt vom Anfang des 17. Jahrhunderts; sie wurde im 18. Jahrhundert umgebaut.
Baukunst (frz. Originaltitel Architectures) ist eine Dokumentarreihe des Senders ARTE, die auf dem Sendeplatz für „Kunst und Kultur“ ausgestrahlt wird.
Holger Lode (* 14. April 1967 in Pfullendorf) ist ein deutscher Facharzt für Pädiatrie. Er ist Universitätsprofessor, Leiter der Allgemeinen Pädiatrie und pädiatrischen Hämatologie und Onkologie sowie Geschäftsführender Direktor des Zentrum für Kinder und Jugendmedizin an der Universitätsmedizin Greifswald. Lode ist bekannt für seine Arbeiten auf dem Gebiet
Eine historische Zäsur in der Entwicklung von Mainz und Mombach bedeutete der Erste Weltkrieg. 1918 besetzten die Franzosen erneut Mainz und das Rheinland, sie verließen es erst 1930 wieder, die Wirtschaftslage verschlechterte sich. Das Militärgelände am Polygon wurde großflächig zur Anlage von Obstplantagen an die Landwirtschaft verkauft. 1937 wurde die Kathenkaserne, teils auf Mombacher, teils auf Gonsenheimer Gemarkung fertiggestellt. (→ Rheinlandbesetzung (1936))
Ein sehr trauriges Kapitel in der Geschichte der Gäugemeinde beginnt mit dem Dreißigjährigen Krieg, in dem Hungersnot, Pest und Seuchen unter der Bevölkerung wüteten. Ein Großteil der Äcker lag brach. Plünderndes Kriegsvolk misshandelte die Bewohner, stahl Vieh von Pflug und Wagen. Lange Jahre hatte die Gemeinde unter Quartierlasten und Truppendurchzügen zu leiden; dazu kamen häufig Unwetter die die Ernten vernichteten.
Jedes Heft setzt sich intensiv mit einem Schwerpunktthema auseinander. Daneben enthält es noch allgemeinpädagogische Themenbereiche und ein umfangreiches Magazin mit Rezensionen, Kommentaren, Veranstaltungshinweisen etc. Neben den auf thematische Schwerpunkte konzentrierten Theorie- und Praxisbeiträgen erhöhen Illustrationen, Karikaturen und eine gelungene Gestaltung die Anprechbarkeit und Lesefreude... Praxisnähe, Allgemeinverständlichkeit und die Kürze der Beiträge sind die drei Eckpfleiler der wirklich empfehlenswerten Zeitschrift (Schüttler-Janikulla 1989, S. 5).
Viele solcher internationalen Transkriptionen basieren entweder auf einer Verwendung in der Library of Congress (in Nordamerika) oder auf dem British Standard in Großbritannien. Ein solches vereinfachtes System lässt in der Regel die Diakritika und Holmen weg, vereinfacht die Endungen -yj und -ij auf "-y" und ignoriert die ukrainischen weichen Zeichen (ь) und Apostrophen ('), und ersetzen können ya, ye, yu, yo für ia, io dh iu, auf die Anfänge der Worte. Es kann dabei auch zu weiterem Vereinfachungen von doppelten Buchstaben kommen.
Nachdem Ferdinand Magellans Versuch einer Weltumsegelung von 1519 bis 1522 erfolgreich war und er dabei mit der Magellanstraße einen neuen Seeweg zum Pazifik (und in weiterer Folge zu den Gewürzinseln im Indischen Ozean) gefunden hatte, stattete der spanische König Karl I. (Kaiser Karl V.) eine weitere Expedition aus, um sich den neuentdeckten Seeweg zu Nutze zu machen. Der Adelige Loaísa wurde mit dem Kommando betraut, ihm unterstanden sieben Schiffe und mehr als 450 Mann, darunter Verwaltungsbeamte und Händler, da geplant war, die Länder entlang der Route für Spanien in Besitz zu nehmen und wirtschaftlich zu nutzen. Als Chefnavigator fungierte Juan Sebastián Elcano, der nach Magellans Tod (1521) dessen Weltumsegelung vollendet hatte. In weiterer Folge sollte es sich als problematisch herausstellen, dass Loaísas Geschwader aus Schiffen unterschiedlicher Bauart bestand, die sich in Größe und Geschwindigkeit unterschieden.
Seit vielen Jahren stellt Isaak Liebmann (orig. Bodkins) in seiner kleinen Fabrik Stofftiere her. Er nennt sie liebevoll „Zaubertiere“. Die Aufgabe der Zaubertiere besteht darin, Kinder zu trösten und ihnen Freude zu bereiten. Die Zaubertiere nennen ihren Schöpfer „Vater Isaak“. Für ihn sind die Zaubertiere seine Kinder.
Der FC Köniz ist ein Schweizer Fussballclub aus Köniz im Kanton Bern und der grösste Verein in der Gemeinde. Die erste Mannschaft spielt derzeit in der Promotion League, was die drittrangige Liga ist.
Lukas Grünenwald war historisch sehr interessiert und als Heimatgeschichtler tätig. Er zählte zu den Mitbegründern des Speyerer Museumsbauvereins, von 1896 bis 1903 wirkte er als Konservator am Historischen Museum der Pfalz. Der Lehrer gehörte viele Jahre dem Vorstand des Historischen Vereins der Pfalz an, 1903 hatte man ihm dort die Ehrenmitgliedschaft verliehen; als ordentliches Mitglied wirkte er in der Pfälzischen Gesellschaft zur Förderung der Wissenschaften. Eifrig verfasste Grünenwald Beiträge für die heimatgeschichtlichen Publikationen Pfälzisches Museum, Palatina und Mitteilungen des Historischen Vereins der Pfalz. Bei der Zeitschrift Pfälzisches Museum betätigte er sich von 1889 bis 1896 als Schriftleiter. Außerdem verwaltete der Lehrer von 1907 bis 1914 als Bibliothekar die Gymnasial- und Kreisbibliothek in Speyer, die später den Grundstock für die heutige Landesbibliothek bildete.
Hans Fründ war vermutlich Bürger der Stadt Luzern, wo er seine Ausbildung erhielt und bis 1437 als Unterschreiber der Stadtkanzlei unter Egloff Etterlin angestellt war. Nach Ausbruch des Alten Zürichkriegs erhielt er in Schwyz die Stelle eines Landschreibers. In dieser Funktion diente er als eidgenössischer Feldschreiber (Chronist) und nahm an mehreren Tagsatzungen als Schreiber teil. 1441 ist er als Notar mit kaiserlicher Zulassung belegt. Als Schreiber des Standes Schwyz hat Hans Fründ unter anderem im Mai 1444 die Belagerung von Greifensee durch Innerschweizer Heerhaufen und die Hinrichtung der Zürcher Besatzung dokumentiert. Fründs Schilderung des Massakers in der «Chronik des Alten Zürichkriegs» ist sachlich und nicht frei von Parteinahme, dennoch mit unverhohlener Anteilnahme am Schicksal der Belagerten und ihrer Familien. Nach dem Tod des Amtsinhabers Hans Sax bewarb sich Fründ für die Stelle des Stadtschreibers in Luzern. Aus Rücksicht auf die Verdienste Fründs und die politische Stellung des zweiten Stellenbewerbers wurde eine Reorganisation der Staatskanzlei vorgenommen und die Protokollführung in Rat und Gericht getrennt: Am 31. Juli 1461 wurde Melchior Russ zum Stadtschreiber und Fründ zum Gerichtsschreiber ernannt.
Die P-66 wurde 1943 in China schließlich weitestgehend von der Curtiss P-40 abgelöst. Einige verbliebene P-66 wurden in Höhlen in Chongqing eingelagert, um später im Bürgerkrieg gegen Mao Zedongs Truppen eingesetzt zu werden. Noch 1947 sollen viele davon noch in ihren Holzkisten gelegen haben.
Finnland war von 1808 bis 1917 ein autonomes Großfürstentum und Teil des russischen Reiches. Die am 7. November gestartete Oktoberrevolution in Russland ermöglichte die Loslösung Finnlands von Russland. Der finnische Senatsführer Per Evind Svinhufvud verkündete am 6. Dezember Finnlands Unabhängigkeit. Die Unabhängigkeitserklärung war zuvor vom Parlament mit 100:88 Stimmen akzeptiert worden. Anders als dieses Abstimmungsergebnis verstehen lässt, stand das gesamte Parlament geschlossen hinter der Entscheidung, die Unabhängigkeit zu proklamieren. Die Sozialdemokraten waren lediglich mit der schnellen Verfahrensweise unzufrieden. Die neue sowjetrussische Regierung erkannte Finnlands Unabhängigkeit am 31. Dezember 1917 an. Diesem Beispiel folgte daraufhin auch ein Großteil der europäischen Länder. In Konsequenz auf die Erlangung der Unabhängigkeit kam es zur Verfassungskrise, die das Land in einen Bürgerkrieg stürzte, der vom 27. Januar bis zum 5. Mai 1918 anhielt. Die meisten demokratischen Staaten erkannten Finnlands Unabhängigkeit nach den ersten Reichstagswahlen 1919 an.
31. Mai: Französische Truppen plündern die Königsgräber im Speyerer Dom und stecken den im Dom vermeintlich sicher eingelagerten Hausrat von Bürgern in Brand. Der Kirchenbau wird vom Feuer schwer beschädigt. Am selben Tag zerstören die Franzosen die Stadt Worms. Dem großen Stadtbrand fallen der Dom und zahlreiche Wohn- und Sakralbauten der Stadt zum Opfer.
Siehe Arion Rosu: L'oeuvre de Joseph Hackin. Bibliographie. In: Bulletin de l'Ecole française d'Extrême-Orient Bd. 55, 1969, S. 233–244 (Digital).
Eine Transliteration setzt hier nicht auf die Aussprache, sondern gibt die Schreibweise des ukrainischen Textes in einer anderen Schrift (etwa der lateinischen) buchstabengetreu wieder. Ziel ist es, ukrainische Texte mit der lateinischen Schrift so präzise darzustellen, dass der kyrillisch geschriebene Text einfach und eindeutig rekonstruiert werden kann. Transliterationen werden in der Regel in wissenschaftlichen Kreisen, in der Literatur, in Bibliotheken und dergleichen verwendet. Die Transliteration des Ukrainischen in die lateinische Schrift ist in DIN 1460 genormt.
Dars-i Nizami (Urdu: درسِ نظامی), auch "Dars-e Nizami", das Curriculum Nizam ud Dins, ist ein Studien-Curriculum, das in traditionellen islamischen Institutionen, insbesondere auf dem indischen Subkontinent verwendet wird. Es hat seinen Ursprung im Indien des frühen 18. Jahrhunderts und wurde von Mullah Nizam ud Din Sehalvi (gest. 1748) am Farangi Mahall standardisiert (und nach ihm benannt), einem berühmten Seminar einer Familie islamischer Gelehrter (ulema) in Lucknow (Lakhnau), Indien.
Als Weiterentwicklung dieser Idee sah Arendt den Unterflurmotor, dessen Konzept jedoch bei Büssing zuerst noch keine Unterstützung fand. Er wechselte deshalb 1929 zu Hanomag, wo nach weiterer Entwicklung kurze Zeit später der erste Unterflurmotor der Welt in einem Hanomag-Fahrgestell vorgestellt werden konnte. Aber auch bei Hanomag wurden seine Ideen nicht weiter mitgetragen, sodass Arendt 1934 wieder zu Büssing zurückkehrte. Dort konnte er, nachdem Büssings Chefkonstrukteur Willy Staniewicz das Unterflurkonzept gegen stärkste Widerstände durchgesetzt hatte, in der Folgezeit die Konstruktion des Reihen-Sechszylinder-Unterflur-Dieselmotors vollenden.
Eine Instandsetzung wurde in einem Projektwettbewerb geplant und anfangs 2010 wurde begonnen: Im betroffenen Abschnitt wird das Tunnelgewölbe stückweise entfernt, dahinter wird ein 6 Meter hoher und 3,5 Meter breiter Betonriegel eingebaut. Mit bis zu 15 Meter langen Stahlankern und Mikropfählen wird der Betonriegel zusätzlich im Gestein verankert. Diese Konstruktion soll in Zukunft den Druck aus der quellenden Gesteinsschicht aufnehmen und so verhindern, dass sich die Tunnelsohle weiter anhebt. Der ursprüngliche Abschlusstermin Ende Oktober 2010 konnte dabei nicht gehalten werden, weil man erneut auf instabiles Gestein stiess, er wurde auf Juli 2011 neu avisiert. Die Sanierung wird sich dadurch auch über die zunächst geplanten 15 Mio. Schweizer Franken hinaus verteuern.
Als Mitglied ist er in der Konferenz der Delegationsvorsitze, im Ausschuss für auswärtige Angelegenheiten und in der Delegation für die Beziehungen zur Volksrepublik China.
In diese Zeit fällt auch die Trockenlegung der ausgedehnten, niedriggelegenen Feld- und Wiesengelände entlang des Rheines, durch ein Damm- und Grabensystem. Mittels eines nahe der Stadt angelegten Stau- und Schleusensystems, der Inondationsschanze, konnte das Gartenfeld vor dem westlichen Außenwall im Belagerungsfall geflutet werden. Damit konnten sich die Verteidiger auf die Linien der Süd- und Ostwälle konzentrieren. Der weithin wässrige Boden erschwerte potentiellen Belagerern das Anlegen von Trinkwasserbrunnen, Laufgräben, Kommunikationswegen sowie trockenen Unterkünften und Batterien.
Verteidigungsausschuss als Untersuchungsausschuss "Verfahren wegen der Äußerungen des Generalmajors Paul Herrmann am 13. August 1956 betr. Kriegsdienstverweigerer" (1956)
Fridtjof Paumgarten (* 6. Jänner 1903 in Graz; † 12. März 1986 in Wien) war ein österreichischer Skisportler, der im Skilanglauf, Skispringen und in der Nordischen Kombination startete. Paumgarten entstammt einer sportbegeisterten Familie und kam schon relativ früh zum Skisport. Seine jüngeren Geschwister Harald und Gerda waren ebenfalls erfolgreiche Skisportler.
Am 2. März 1370 wurde Allendorf durch Landgraf Heinrich II. zur Stadt erhoben und erhielt Marburger Recht mit Wochenmarkt unter Befreiung von Bede und Schatzung zugunsten des Mauerbaus. Die Befestigung des Ortes sollte die Verbindungswege von Marburg nach Grünberg und von Amöneburg nach Mainz kontrollieren.
Muhammad Qasim Zaman: Religious Education and the Rhetoric of Reform: The Madrasa in British India and Pakistan. In: Comparative Studies in Society and History. 41, Nr. 2, April 1999, S. 294–323.
Auf der Höhe von Muttenz zweigt die zweigleisige Neubaustrecke von der Stammlinie (siehe Bözbergbahn und Hauensteinlinie) ab. Sie erstreckt sich in Richtung Südost und unterquert die Lachmatt. Der Adler, der dem Tunnel seinen Namen gibt, ist eine Erhebung des Jura-Gebirges auf 535 m ü. M. bei
Zu den wichtigsten Unterlagen des Philatelisten zählt der Briefmarkenkatalog. Es gibt meist mehrere verschiedene Kataloge für ein bestimmtes Sammelgebiet. Für weitere ergänzende Informationen dienen Fachzeitschriften für Briefmarken, in denen meist auch die neuesten Briefmarken des jeweiligen Landes vorgestellt werden. Außerdem wird das Studium von Handbüchern bzw. Spezialliteratur zu einzelnen Sammelgebieten unerlässlich, wenn ein Philatelist sich spezialisiert, d. h. sich auf ein oder mehrere überschaubare Gebiete festlegt. Dieser weiterführenden philatelistischen Literatur ist sehr viel mehr zu entnehmen als den Briefmarkenkatalogen: z. B. Auflistung und Bewertung von Spezialitäten (Plattenfehlern, Stempeln u. ä.), genaue Beschreibung der Echtheitsmerkmale der einzelnen Ausgaben, Erkennen von Fälschungen u. v. a. m.
In der Gemeinde gab es im Jahr 2010 297 Einwohner, 126 Haushalte und 91 Familien. Die Bevölkerungsdichte betrug 0.9 Einwohner/km². Die ethnische Zusammensetzung der Gemeinde besteht zu 99,33 % aus Weißen und 0,67 % Afroamerikanern. 29,4 % waren finnischer, 18,6 % französischer, 11,7 % deutscher, 11,3 % kanadischer, 7,8 % polnischer und 5,2 % englischer Abstammung.
Als Wettkampf gibt es den Diskuswurf seit der Antike (sog. Diskos). Der Diskuswerfer wurde als der Inbegriff des Athleten angesehen. Erstmals ist Diskuswurf als olympische Disziplin bei den antiken Olympischen Spielen des Jahres 708 v. Chr. nachweisbar.
Zoltán Szélesi schloss sich dem Zweitligisten Energie Cottbus an. Im zweiten Jahr bei den Niederlausitzern gelang der Aufstieg in die 1. Bundesliga, auch wenn er aufgrund eines Mittelfußbruchs die halbe Saison ausfiel. Nach dem geglückten Klassenerhalt mit Cottbus in der Saison 2006/07 wechselte er zur Spielzeit 2007/08 zum französischen Erstligisten Racing Strasbourg. Nach zwei Jahren kehrte er in seine ungarische Heimat zurück und schloss sich Debreceni VSC an. Mit Debrecen wurde er Meister der Nemzeti Bajnokság 2009/10. Szélesi spricht fließend Deutsch.
Norbert Degenhard: Familienbuch der katholischen Pfarrgemeinde Bernterode (Landkreis Eichsfeld), 17102 bis 1882. Leipzig: AMF 2009 (= Mitteldeutsche Ortsfamilienbücher der AMF 26)
Santen kann durch Reduktion von Camphenilon, anschließende Reaktion mit Phosphorpentachlorid und Abspaltung von Chlorwasserstoff gewonnen werden. Es kann auch aus Fencholen oder Norborneol gewonnen werden.
Seit 1889 gibt es den Philatelistentag in Deutschland, der erstmals in Mainz stattfand. In den Jahren von 1947 bis 2011 wurde der Deutsche Philatelistentag jährlich durchgeführt. Entsprechend einem Mehrheitsbeschluss der BDPh-Hauptversammlung am 3. September 2011 in Wuppertal wurde für die Durchführung der Deutschen Philatelistentage ab 2011 ein zweijähriger Rhythmus festgelegt. In Österreich ist diesbezüglich die größte Veranstaltung die Wiener Internationale Postwertzeichen Ausstellung (WIPA). Mit der Zeit entstanden viele weitere große Veranstaltungen rund um die Briefmarke.
Joseph et Ria Hackin. Couple d’origine luxembourgeoise au service des arts asiatiques et de la France. Exposition organisée dans le cadre de l’Accord culturel franco-luxembourgeois est réalisée avec le concours du Musée Guimet, Paris. Musée d’Histoire et d’Art Musées d’État – Luxembourg. Exposition du 11 novembre 1987 au 3 janvier 1988, Luxembourg. Musée d’Histoire et d’Art, Luxemburg 1987.
Die Athos Range ist die nördlichste Gebirgskette in den Prince Charles Mountains im ostantarktischen Mac-Robertson-Land. Sie erstreckt sich in ostwestlicher Ausrichtung über eine Länge von rund 65 Kilometern an der Nordflanke des Scylla-Gletschers und besteht aus einer großen Zahl von Berggipfeln und Nunatakkern.
Joseph Hackin, Sohn eines Kutschers, studierte in Paris an der École libre des sciences politiques (Diplom 1907) und der École pratique des hautes études (Diplom 1913). 1912 erhielt er die französische Staatsbürgerschaft. 1914 wurde er als einfacher Soldat eingezogen und stieg bis zum Kriegsende auf zum Oberleutnant und Kompanieführer. Er wurde dreimal verwundet und erhielt das Croix de guerre mit zwei Zitationen.
Die schwedische Regierung bestellte am 6. Februar 1940 144 Vanguards unter der Bezeichnung V-49C. Das erste Serienflugzeug startete am 6. September 1940 zum Erstflug. Das Modell C-49C glich im Wesentlichen der V-48X – mit Ausnahme des Triebwerks, das inzwischen durch eine neuere Version des R-1830 mit besserer Höhenleistung ersetzt wurde, sowie der Einbaumöglichkeit für vier 0,3-Zoll-MGs in den Tragflächen und zwei 0,5-Zoll-MGs im Rumpf.
Am 14. Dezember 1935 wurde der Unterflurmotor als Gebrauchsmuster und Reichspatent angemeldet und 1936 auf der Internationalen Automobil- und Motorrad-Ausstellung in Berlin in einem Lkw und einem Bus der Öffentlichkeit vorgestellt.
Das Abfangen des Körperschwunges erfolgt beim Stützwurf durch Umspringen der Beine. Das rechte Bein kommt dabei nach vorn an den Kreisrand, mit dem Kniegelenk wird das Körpergewicht abgefangen. Es soll erst umgesprungen werden, wenn das Gerät die Wurfhand verlassen hat.
Er befasste sich insbesondere mit Viskoelastizität von Polymeren, Verbundwerkstoffen, Wellen in heterogenen Materialien, sehr poröse Materialien, Kinetik von Riss-Wachstum, Versagenskriterien für Materialien, Vorhersage von Lebensdauer.
Dean Koontz war darüber begeistert, jedoch lehnte Tim Burton die Verfilmung ab. Dean Koontz befürchtete, dass sein Buch schlecht verfilmt werden würde. Also offerierte er Warner Brothers ein Buch mit Kurzgeschichten, um die Filmrechte für seinen Roman zurückzuerhalten.
Der Werfer muss sich nach der Umdrehung in einer guten Gleichgewichtslage befinden, damit er seine Kraft voll auf den Diskus übertragen kann. Das Körpergewicht ruht auf dem gebeugten rechten Bein. Der in der Kreismitte aufgesetzte rechte Fuß steht in einem Winkel von ca. 140° zur Wurfrichtung. Das linke Bein hat leicht gebeugt mit der Innenkante des Fußes aufgesetzt. Die Größe der Wurfauslage sollte ca. 80 Zentimeter betragen. Der linke Fuß steht etwa 10 Zentimeter vom Kreisrand und etwa 10 bis 15 Zentimeter links der Mittellinie des Kreises. Der Winkel zwischen der Wurfrichtung und dem linken Fuß beträgt ca. 90°. Da der Arm mit dem Diskus noch weit hinter dem Körper zurück ist, verbleibt für das Gerät bis zum Abwurf ein Weg von ungefähr 270°. Die rechte Hüfte befindet sich vor der rechten Schulter, dadurch kommt es zu einer Verwringung der rechten Körperseite. Der Oberkörper ist aufrecht, die linke Körperseite bildet von Fuß bis Schulter eine Gerade. Die Verwringung der rechten Körperseite entsteht zum einen zwischen der Schulter- und Beckenachse, zum anderen zwischen Schulter und Wurfarm. Die Spannung muss beibehalten werden und löst sich erst im Abwurf.
Daraufhin kontaktierte ihn der britische Filmproduzent Lord Lew Grade für eine Fernsehrolle in der Schwarzweiß-Serie „Geheimauftrag für John Drake“ („Secret Agent“, auch: „Danger Man“, 1960). Durch die Erfahrungen mit dem Rank-Vertrag klüger geworden, stellte McGoohan diesmal im Vorfeld allerdings einige Bedingungen: alle vorkommenden Faustkämpfe sollten sich voneinander unterscheiden, die Figur „John Drake“ sich vor allem seines Gehirns bedienen und nur im Ausnahmefall zur Pistole greifen; vor allem jedoch sollte – zum Entsetzen der Produzenten – auf jeglichen Austausch von Zärtlichkeiten zwischen den Geschlechtern verzichtet werden. Nichtsdestoweniger bekam er den Vertrag. Die Serie selbst lief dann allerdings nur ein Jahr lang. Auf die Frage eines Reporters, ob er die Serie nicht gerne fortgeführt hätte, sagte McGoohan: „Ich würde lieber zwanzig Fernsehfilme machen, als noch einmal das durchzumachen, was ich bei einem Rank-Vertrag machen musste – wofür ich niemanden tadele, außer mich selbst“. Die Serie erwies sich dann in der Syndikation bald als Dauerbrenner und erlangte einen gewissen Kultstatus.
Innerparteilich war Feierle von 1964 bis 1984 Mitglied des Landesparteileitung der ÖVP Vorarlberg. Er gehörte zwischen 1964 und 1969 auch dem Landesparteirat der ÖVP Vorarlberg an und war von 1964 bis 1966 als Ausschussmitglied des Wirtschaftsbundes Dornbirn aktiv. Von 1966 bis 1974 fungierte er in der Folge als Obmann des Wirtschaftsbundes Dornbirn. Er war des Weiteren ab 1964 Mitglied der Landesleitung des Wirtschaftsbundes Vorarlberg, Mitglied der Bezirksparteileitung der ÖVP Feldkirch und Mitglied der Bezirksparteileitung der ÖVP Dornbirn.
Nach seinem Tod auf Schloss Neuhaus 1618 wurde Dietrich im Paderborner Dom bestattet. Bereits zu Lebzeiten hatte er sich von dem Bildhauer Heinrich Gröninger das größte Bischofsgrabmal Westfalens errichten lassen. Auf dem Epitaph kniet der Bischof zwischen den Wappen seiner Vorfahren. Engel halten Kreuz und Bischofsstab. Darüber schließt das Bischofswappen das Hauptgeschoss ab.
Fest-Programm der Enthüllungs- und Einweihungsfeier des Denkmals für Richard Wagner in Berlin, in: Digitale Sammlungen des Staatlichen Instituts für Musikforschung Preußischer Kulturbesitz.
1600/01 ließ Dietrich von Fürstenberg den Hexenprozess gegen den Prior, den Subprior und zwei weitere Chorherren des Augustiner-Chorherrenklosters Dalheim durchführen. 1598 griff das Reichskammergericht in die Hexenjustiz des Domkapitels ein.
Hiram Belcher im Biographical Directory of the United States Congress (englisch)Hiram Belcher in der Datenbank von Find a Grave (englisch)Vorlage:Findagrave/Wartung/Gleiche Kenner im Quelltext und in Wikidata
Als Gründer der Hohenzollerischen Landesbahn hatten das Land Preußen 50 Prozent sowie der Landeskommunalverband der Hohenzollerischen Lande und die Westdeutsche Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft je 25 Prozent des Kapitals übernommen. Seit 1972 ist der Mehrheitsaktionär das Land Baden-Württemberg mit 71,934 Prozent, während der Zollernalbkreis und der Landkreis Sigmaringen je 14,033 Prozent besitzen. Die HZL wiederum hält 7,5 Prozent des Stammkapitals des Verkehrsverbundes Neckar-Alb-Donau (naldo).Von den württembergischen Staatsbahnstrecken baute die HzL zunächst Stichbahnen zur Erschließung des preußischen Gebiets. Die erste führte ab 28. März 1900 aus dem Donautal bei Sigmaringendorf im Laucherttal aufwärts, wo sich beim Fürstlichen Hüttenwerk der Güterbahnhof Laucherthal befindet, bis nach Bingen (bei Sigmaringen). Im folgenden Jahr übergab die HzL drei weitere Stichbahnen dem Betrieb:
Berrabahs Eltern stammen aus Marokko. Sie hat vier Schwestern und einen Bruder.Nachdem bekannt wurde, dass Keisha Buchanan die Sugababes verlassen hatte und die Band unter massivem Druck stand, ließ sie sich im Oktober 2009 in eine Klinik einweisen und drei Wochen behandeln, da sie unter einer heftigen nervlichen Erschöpfung litt.Am 23. September 2010 wurde sie wegen Verdachts auf Trunkenheit am Steuer verhaftet, nachdem Nachbarn die Polizei gerufen hatten. Sie wurde von einem Gericht schuldig gesprochen und erhielt ein 14-monatiges Fahrverbot sowie eine Geldstrafe von 2000 £. Sie wurde außerdem am 2. September 2011 wegen eines Angriffs auf eine Person erneut verurteilt. Sie wurde unter der Bedingung freigelassen, dass sie 250 £ Schmerzensgeld an ihr Opfer bezahle.Am 3. November 2014 heiratete sie Marcio Sousa Rosa, mit dem sie sich sechs Tage zuvor verlobt hatte. Die Trennung erfolgte im November 2015.
Johann Wagner: Österreichische Kolonialversuche in der zweiten Hälfte des neunzehnten Jahrhunderts. Wien 1955 (Dissertation an der Universität Wien).
Nachdem er einige Filme, darunter auch für Disney, wie „Die drei Leben von Thomasina“ (The Three Lives of Thomasina, 1964) oder „Dr. Syn – Das Narbengesicht“ (The Scarecrow of Romney Marsh, ebenfalls 1964), gedreht, Rollenangebote für James-Bond- und Simon-Templar- (The Saint)-Kopien jedoch abgelehnt hatte, kontaktierte ihn Lew Grade erneut mit dem Angebot, noch einmal die Rolle des „John Drake“ zu übernehmen. McGoohan stimmte zu, nachdem die Spieldauer der Geschichten auf eine Stunde ausgedehnt und die Drehbuchqualitäten verbessert worden waren. Die neuen Serienfolgen waren ungemein populär und McGoohan wurde dadurch für eine Zeit lang zu einem der bestbezahlten Schauspieler in England. Dennoch gab er die Rolle nach der vierten Staffel, von der auch zwei Folgen in Farbe gedreht wurden, wieder auf.
Next Goal Wins erhielt durchweg positive Kritiken von Kritikern und Publikum. Beim Kritikenaggregator Rotten Tomatoes hat der Film eine 100%ige Zustimmungsrate, basierend auf 29 Kritiken und einem durchschnittlichen Wert von 7,5/10. Bei Metacritic hat der Film eine Wertung von 71/100, basierend auf 10 Kritiken.Im Vereinigten Königreich fielen die Bewertungen des Films ebenfalls sehr positiv aus. Mark Kermode rezensierte den Film im Observer und vergab vier von fünf Sternen: „Egal ob einem ‚das schöne Spiel‘ gefällt (und mir gefällt es nicht), diese charmante und positive Dokumentation wird einen für die Underdogs jubeln lassen und wünschen, dass alle Fußballer so demütig, zielstrebig und einfach nur anständig wären.“ Während seines Auftritts bei der Radiosendung Kermode and Mayo’s Film Review auf BBC Radio 5 Live gab er zu, dass die Dokumentation ihn zum Weinen und Jubeln brachte. Im New Statesman lobte der Arsenal-Fan Mark Lawson Next Goal Wins als einen der besten Filme über Fußball, da er sowohl Fußballfans als auch ein Publikum ohne Fußballinteresse, anspreche.In anderen Ländern waren die Kritiken ebenfalls positiv. Anita Gates von der New York Times bezeichnete den Film als eine „großartige Feier der Menschlichkeit“ und verglich die besten Momente mit den Romanen von Edith Wharton. Eine Reihe von Kritikern merkte an, dass es nicht unbedingt notwendig sei, Interesse an Fußball oder gar Sport zu besitzen, um die Dokumentation zu genießen. Trotz seiner überwiegend positiven Kritik merkte Liam Lacey in der kanadischen Globe and Mail an, dass der Film vorhersehbar sei. In der Los Angeles Times lobte Sheri Linden ebenfalls die Dokumentation, kritisierte aber, dass sie filmisch nichts Besonderes sei.
Im Querschiff steht die 1808 von den Brüdern Philipp Heinrich und Johann Georg Bürgy erbaute Bürgy-Orgel. Sie besitzt 13 Register auf einem Manual und Pedal. Sie wurde im Jahr 2008 grundlegend saniert und so weit wie möglich in ihren historischen Zustand zurückversetzt. Im Turm hängen drei Glocken, von denen jedoch keine aus der ursprünglich in Leun ansässigen Glockengießerei stammt. Heute verschollen sind zwei Gemälde "Die Geburt Christi" und "Die Auferstehung Christi"Oberhalb der Kirche liegt der Friedhof, auf dem sich noch Reste der alten Stadtmauer sowie des alten Obertores befinden.
mit André Godard, Yedda Godard: Les antiquités bouddhiques de Bāmiyān (= Mémoires de la Délégation archéologique française en Afghanistan, Band 2). Van Oest, Paris 1928.
Siegfried Rachewiltz, C. Kraus, V. Romen, Tiziano Rosani (Hrsg.): S.M.S. Novara. Der freie weite Horizont. Die Weltumseglung der Novara und Maximilians mexikanischer Traum. Südtiroler Landesmuseum Schloß Tirol, Meran 2004, (Ausstellung des Landesmuseums Schloß Tirol 10. Juli – 14. November 2004).
Die deutsche Unternehmerfamilie Guilleaume ist eng mit der Firmengeschichte von Felten & Guilleaume verbunden, einem Unternehmen der Hanfseil-, Draht-, Drahtseil- und Kabelfertigung in Köln, das insbesondere im 19. und 20. Jahrhundert führend in der Seil- und Kabelherstellung war.
Mainz-Mombach liegt im Tarifgebiet des Rhein-Nahe-Nahverkehrsverbundes (RNN) und der Mainzer Verkehrsgesellschaft (MVG). Da die Stadt Mainz ebenfalls Mitglied im Rhein-Main-Verkehrsverbund (RMV) ist, liegt auch Mombach in diesem Tarifgebiet.
Das Unternehmen wurde 1967 von den beiden Ingenieuren Günther Kloimüller und Franz Vokurka als Handelshaus für den Vertrieb schweißtechnischer Produkte unter dem Namen Industriegeräte und Maschinen GmbH in Wien gegründet. 1975 zog die Gesellschaft an den neu gegründeten Standort im Industriegebiet Wiener Neudorf um. Mit der Entwicklung eines Zweiarmroboters (LIMAT 2000) begann 1979 der Einstieg in die Roboterschweißtechnologie. Für diese Entwicklung erhielt das Unternehmen 1981 den Österreichischen Staatspreis für Innovation. Im Februar 1989 wurde der Firmenname in igm Robotersysteme AG geändert und die Aktiengesellschaft ging an die Börse. 1995 wurde die in Puchheim bei München ansässige Steigerwald Strahltechnik übernommen. Von der Oxytechnik GmbH in Bad Soden wurden zwei Jahre später 67 % übernommen.Die Beteiligungsgesellschaft von Erhard Grossnigg übernahm im Jänner 2005 über 90 % der Aktien von igm. Im März 2016 kündigte Grossnigg an, dass er sich aus dem Geschäft zurückziehen werde.
In die andere Richtung geht es über das Mainzer Radwegenetz in die Innenstadt. Mainz verfügt über eine gut ausgebautes Radinfrastruktur und seit Mai 2011 wieder über einen Radfahrbeauftragten.
Im Jahre 1881 erschienen die ersten Falze für Briefmarken. Diese lösten längerfristig das Problem der Aufbewahrung von Briefmarken. Die Briefmarkenfalze wurden vom Frankfurter Briefmarkenhändler Dauth ausgegeben. Man nannte sie damals noch „Marken-Charniere“. 1000 Stück der ersten Briefmarkenfalze der Welt kosteten nur 75 Pfennig.
Franz Carl Guilleaume „der Jüngere“ (1834–1887) wurde „der Siemens des Westens“ genannt, aufgrund seiner Verdienste um die Draht- und Kabelindustrie. Dessen Söhne Theodor, Max und Arnold von Guilleaume standen um die Wende zum 20. Jahrhundert an erster Stelle der Kölner Millionäre.Seit dem Ende des 19. bzw. Beginn des 20. Jahrhunderts besaßen die Guilleaumes Immobilien in Remagen. Franz Carl „der Jüngere“ kaufte die Burg Gudenau. Sein Sohn Max von Guilleaume erwarb 1895 das Gut Calmuth und ließ es zu einem repräsentativen Landhaus („Schloss Calmuth“) ausbauen und 1907 das am Rhein gelegene Schloss Marienfels, sein Bruder Arnold von Guilleaume ließ 1906–1908 das Herrenhaus Schloss Ernich erbauen und erwarb 1916/17 die angrenzende Villa Haus Herresberg.
Seit 2007 ist Mombach aufgrund seiner hohen Beliebtheit bei ausländischen Mitbürgern, in das ergänzende Städtebauförderungsprogramm Die Soziale Stadt zur Förderung von Stadtteilen mit einem besonderen sozialen Entwicklungsbedarf eingebunden. Hierdurch soll die Integration und Zusammenführung aller Mombacher gefördert werden.
Die Bauarbeiten des Tunnels dauerten von 1994 bis 1999, wobei sich dieser in drei Bauabschnitte gliederte, die Tagbaustrecke Nord (841 m, Seite Pratteln), den bergmännischen Tunnel (4264 m) und die Tagbaustrecke Süd (223 m). Die zwei ersten Abschnitte stellten hohe Anforderungen an die Projektierung, da der Tunnel durch verschiedene geologische Schichten führt. Im Norden sind dies Lockergestein über kalkhaltigen Lagen. In ca. 150 m Tiefe wurde früher Steinsalz bergmännisch abgebaut.
Die Fahrerhäuser können wesentlich flacher und geräumiger gestaltet werden und haben keine Wölbung im Boden, unter dem sich der Motor befindet.
Auch auf dem Gerichts-Insiegel von 1741 bilden die rot/silbernen Streifen einen Schwerpunkt. Das Siegel lehnt sich an ältere Vorbilder an, ist aber typisch barock ausgeschmückt. Es zeigt St. Nikolaus von Myra, den Patron der 1703 erbauten Pfarrkirche, mit seinem Bischofsstab über den Wolken schwebend. Dem Bischof werden drei Knaben in einem Pökelfass als Attribut zugeordnet, die der Heilige der Legende nach zum Leben wiedererweckt hat.
Im Jahr 2001 verlor Amerikanisch-Samoa gegen Australien mit 31:0, die höchste Niederlage überhaupt für eine Nationalmannschaft. Die darauffolgenden 30 Länderspiele wurden ebenfalls verloren. Dennoch will sich die Mannschaft für die Fußball-Weltmeisterschaft 2014 qualifizieren. Als Hilfe engagiert die Football Federation American Samoa den in den Niederlanden geborenen amerikanischen Fußballtrainer Thomas Rongen.Über die nächsten drei Wochen trainiert Rongen das Team, bringt neue Spieler, die nicht mehr auf der Insel wohnen zurück, bis sie gestärkt an der WM-Qualifikation teilnehmen.
Die Liste der größten Zinnproduzenten zeigt im Jahre 2008 die Volksrepublik China (150.000 Tonnen), Indonesien (100.000 Tonnen) und Peru (38.000 Tonnen) als die weltweit bedeutendsten Fördernationen von Zinnerz, deren Anteil an den weltweit abgebauten 333.000 Tonnen 86,5 Prozent betrug.
Salomon II. oder Solomon II. (äthiop. ሣሎሞን) war vom 13. April 1777 bis zum 20. Juli 1779 Negus Negest (Kaiser) von Äthiopien. Er war der Sohn von Abeto Adigo und möglicherweise jener Kaiser Solomon, den der Reisende Henry Salt unter den bei seinem Besuch, 1809/1810, noch lebenden Kaisern verzeichnet.Salomon gelangte dank Ras Gusho und Wand Bewossen auf den Thron, nachdem diese den vorherigen Kaiser Tekle Haymanot II. abgesetzt hatten.
Jedes Jahr am Unabhängigkeitstag findet zudem eine nationale Soldatenparade statt. Sie wird im jährlichen Wechsel in unterschiedlichen Städten durchgeführt. Im Jahr 2010 fand diese in Kuopio statt. Außerdem halten jedes Jahr auch einige andere Städte lokale Umzüge ab. Im Rahmen der offiziellen Parade werden Exemplare der Armeeausrüstung gezeigt und der Präsident der Republik Finnland verleiht bei dieser Gelegenheit Orden und spricht militärische Beförderungen aus.
Doch es droht noch eine Gefahr für die Stofftiere: Der kinderhassende Zacharias Zack will die Fabrik von Vater Isaak übernehmen, um der bösen Macht bei ihren Eroberungsplänen zu helfen. Er will Viktor Liebmann, den Neffen des verstorbenen Isaak, dazu überreden, die Fabrik an ihn zu verkaufen.
Joseph Gaspard Hackin (* 8. November 1886 in Boevange sur Attert, Luxemburg; † 24. Februar 1941 bei den Färöer-Inseln) war ein luxemburgisch-französischer Orientarchäologe. Er war Direktor des Musée Guimet in Paris und unternahm Ausgrabungen in Afghanistan. Im Zweiten Weltkrieg war er Mitglied der Freien Französischen Streitkräften (FFL) im Umfeld von General de Gaulle.
Trotz mehrerer Angebote aus der Premier League entschied sich Zuma gegen einen Vereinswechsel nach England und spielte somit auch in der Saison 2007/08 bei der Arminia. Nachdem diese Saison für den Spieler erneut durchwachsen verlief, wechselte er zur Saison 2008/09 in seine südafrikanische Heimat zu den Mamelodi Sundowns.
Freudenreich entstammte einer alteingesessenen jüdischen Familie. Sein Vater war Rechtsanwalt in der renommierten Kanzlei von Heinrich Frankenburger. Mutter und Kinder emigrierten 1934 nach Palästina, der Vater folgte 1938.
Dort eröffnete er im Jahr 1858 gemeinsam mit seinem Bruder Oskar Shafter eine Anwaltskanzlei. Abgeordneter im Senat von Kalifornien für das San Francisco County war er von 1862 bis 1864. Im Jahr 1862 war er zudem Präsident pro Tempore des Senats. In dieser Zeit war er auch der Präsident pro Tempore des Senats. Er kaufte Land im Marin County und gründete die Stadt Inverness. Dort war er gleichzeitig noch Landbesitzer, Farmer und züchtete Kühe und Pferde. Als Delegierter nahm er an der California Constitution Convention in Sacramento im Jahr 1878 teil. Von 1889 bis 1890 war Shafter Richter am San Francisco Superior Court.Shafter war mit Julia Hubbard verheiratet. Das Paar hatte drei Kinder.
Die Stadt Allendorf (Lumda) () befindet sich im mittelhessischen Landkreis Gießen etwa 17 km nordöstlich der Kreisstadt Gießen und ebenso weit südöstlich der Universitätsstadt Marburg, etwa in der Mitte Hessens. Die amtliche Schreibweise des Ortsnamens lautet Stadt Allendorf (Lda.).
Bild von Mombach aus J.F. Dielmann, A. Fay, J. Becker (Zeichner): F.C. Vogels Panorama des Rheins, Bilder des rechten und linken Rheinufers, Lithographische Anstalt F.C. Vogel, Frankfurt 1833.
Eigentlich hat der Onkel seinen Neffen nur deshalb als Vormund eingesetzt, weil ihm nicht entgangen ist, was die beiden füreinander empfinden. Er hatte gehofft, auf diese Weise würde sich alles zum Besten entwickeln. Dass aber sein Plan genau das Gegenteil bewirkt hat, macht ihn nicht froh. Also beschließt er, Schicksal zu spielen.
Allendorf liegt an der Lumda, einem kleinen linken Nebenfluss der Lahn. Umgeben wird die Stadt von Bergen zwischen 320 und knapp 400 m Höhe über NN. Großräumig liegt die Gegend zwischen Lahntal und Vogelsberg.
Das 107,5 Kilometer lange Stammnetz der HzL wuchs im Januar 2001 durch Pacht der DB-eigenen Bahnstrecke Balingen–Rottweil im nicht abgebauten Abschnitt zwischen Balingen und Schömberg um 12,9 Kilometer an. Diese Strecke dient dem HzL-Güterverkehr und wird im Sommer auch durch Kurswagen des „Rad-Wander-Shuttle“ befahren. Ferner betreibt die HzL im Zuge des Ringzuges den 2,8 Kilometer langen Abschnitt Bräunlingen-Hüfingen der ehemaligen SWEG-Bregtalbahn.
1697 wurden die Güter von Kleinschönbach von Prichsenstädter Bürgern bebaut. Das Kloster Ebrach hielt weiterhin die Rechte an den Feldern. Im Jahr 1770 erwähnte man nochmals, dass in Kleinschönbach „(...) die güdere von Prichsenstadt angebauet worden“. Noch heute nimmt die „Körperschaft Kleinschönbach“, ähnlich wie bei der Wüstung Rügerrieth, einige unabhängige Gemarkungsrechte wahr.
Unter der Umschrift des ukrainischen kyrillischen Alphabets versteht man die Umschrift bzw. Transkription und die Wiedergabe der ukrainischen Schrift in lateinischen Buchstaben. Dies wird auch als Romanisierung bezeichnet.
Rättvik hat eine Bahnstation an der Bahnstrecke Rättvik–Borlänge, die nach der Namensgebung durch Banverket im Jahre 1990 heute Dalabanan (Bahnstrecke Mora–Uppsala) heißt.
Schloss studierte an der Pädagogischen Hochschule des Bank Street College, an der Art Students League, Parsons School of Design und graduierte an der New York University. Sie arbeitete zuerst als Malerin, stellte in den Galerien von SoHo und der Lower East Side aus. Als Performance-Künstlerin trat sie 1977 erstmals im "The Kitchen", einer multidisziplinären Non-Profit Galerie und im Museum of Modern Art in New York City auf. Über ihre musikalischen, Kunst-Poesie Performances schrieb die SoHo Weekly News "...her voice was like the way Patti Smith or Yoko Ono are musical."
Der Verein trägt seine Heimspiele in der Behrn Arena aus. Trainiert wurde die Frauen bis Juli 2016 von Giorgos Papachristou. Am 25. Juli 2016 übernahm Martin Skogman das Traineramt, der zuvor Co-Trainer bei Eskilstuna City war.Die Spielerinnen tragen rote Trikots und blaue Hosen.
Verteidigungsausschuss als 2. Untersuchungsausschuss nach Art. 45a Absatz 2 Grundgesetz "Untersuchung der Vorgänge im Zusammenhang mit den blutigen Krawallen anläßlich des öffentlichen Gelöbnisses von Bundeswehrsoldaten am 6. Mai 1980 Im Bremer Weserstadion" (1980)
Zwei Freundinnen in einem Hotelzimmer. Die Ostsee im Winter, vier Wochen auf 36 Quadratmetern. Die Filmemacherin filmt Ines Rastig, Superstar. Schon wieder waren sie nicht draußen. Jeden Tag gibt es frisches Obst, aber es geht ans Eingemachte. Fünf Sterne ist ein Film über eine Freundschaft, die nicht mehr viel Zeit hat, aber Facebook überleben wird.
Die Kirche wurde im spätgotischen Stil mit dreiseitig geschlossenem Chor errichtet. Die aus Backstein erbaute Kirche verfügt über einen Kirchturm mit Kupferdeckung und aufgesetzter Laterne.
Zum Erkennen der Zähnung einzelner Briefmarken benötigt der Philatelist einen Zähnungsschlüssel. Diesen gibt es in zahlreichen verschiedenen Ausführungen. Um ein Wasserzeichen im Briefmarkenpapier zu erkennen, kann der Sammler die Marke in eine Benzinschale mit chemisch reinem Benzin legen, worauf es nach kurzer Zeit sichtbar wird. Ein deutlich einfacheres Hilfsmittel sind moderne optische Wasserzeichensucher, sogenannte Signoskope. Hier wird die Rückseite der Marke unter Druck einer durchsichtigen Kunststoffplatte seitlich angeleuchtet.
Der Wurfkreis hat einen Durchmesser von 2,5 Metern und wird von einem ca. 70 bis 80 Millimeter hohem Metallring umgeben. In der Mitte des Wurfringes befinden sich auf beiden Seiten eine mindestens 70 Zentimeter lange Linie, welche rechtwinklig zur Wurfrichtung gezeichnet sind. Sie dienen als Markierung. Der Werfer muss nach dem Wurf nach hinten links oder rechts von den Linien herausgehen. Falls der Werfer eine Linie berührt oder überschreitet ist der Wurf ungültig. Hinter und an den Seiten des Wurfringes befindet sich ein hohes, massives Metallgitter bzw. ein gespanntes Netz, welches nur zum Wurfsektor hin offen ist, um bei versehentlichen Fehlwürfen, welche stark von der gewollten Wurfrichtung abweichen, keine Personen zu verletzen oder technische Anlagen zu beschädigen.
12. März: Der frühere englische König Jakob II. landet mit 5.000 Franzosen in Irland und unterwirft nahezu die ganze Insel seiner Herrschaft.
Ende der Saison 2014 musste Botafogo als Tabellenneunzehnter in die Série B absteigen. Aufgrund von Meinungsunterschieden mit der Klubleitung von Botafogo, wechselte Edílson zu Corinthians São Paulo und blieb dadurch in der Série A. Am Ende der Saison 2015 konnte er mit der Mannschaft den Gewinn der Meisterschaft feiern. In das Jahr 2016 startete Edílson mit Corinthians in der Staatsmeisterschaft und der Copa Libertadores. Zum Start des Ligabetriebes wechselte er wieder zu Grêmio Porto Alegre. Der Vertrag hat eine Laufzeit über drei Jahre.
Nachdem im Zuge der Reformation der Herzog von Württemberg 1535 das Kloster Kniebis auflöste, zog sich dessen letzter Prior Beatus Pleiss in die Kapellenbesitzung (Zehntscheuer) in Bildechingen zurück. Unbewusst wurde dadurch eine Voraussetzung für die am 19. November 1812 selbständig gewordene Pfarrei geschaffen.
Der Verlag am Galgenberg, auch Kurzform Galgenberg, war von 1985 bis 1993 ein deutscher Buchverlag mit dem Geschäftssitz in der Straße Lange Reihe 29 im Hamburger Stadtteil St. Georg. Das schwarze Signet bestand aus einem auf einem gleichschenkligen Dreieck sitzenden und rechtsblickenden Geier.
Aufgrund der niedrigeren Passhöhe gegenüber den benachbarten Erzgebirgspässen wurde der Preßnitzer Pass, an dem Kühberg lag, während des Dreißigjährigen Krieges häufig genutzt. Im 17. Jahrhundert existierte die Straße zwischen Bärenstein und Hammerunterwiesenthal noch nicht. Oberwiesenthal wurde über das Tal der Sehma erreicht. Die „Joachimsthaler Straße“, welche heute ungefähr dem Verlauf der Bundesstraße 95 zwischen Annaberg und Bärenstein entspricht, führte weiter nach Weipert über die böhmische Grenze und von dort nach Sankt Joachimsthal. Im Jahr 1654 wurde das kurfürstlich-sächsische Geleits- und Zollhaus namens „Berghäusel“ an der Westseite der Joachimsthaler Straße (heute: Annaberger Straße) erbaut. Es lag am Kreuzungspunkt der Joachimsthaler Straße (von Annaberg nach Bärenstein/Weipert) mit der Preßnitzer Straße (Paß- bzw. Salzstraße von Schlettau nach Weipert/Preßnitz). 1669 war das Gebäude so baufällig, dass das Zoll- und Geleitshaus in den gegenüber liegenden Gasthof einzog, der dem Rat der Stadt Annaberg gehörte. In der Nähe des Zollhauses lag die „Mareckswiese“, auf der nach 1682 ein Gartenhaus mit Gastungsgerechtigkeit erbaut wurde, das der Vorläufer des späteren „Gasthauses Königslust“ war. Dieses auch als „Gasthof Bärenstein“ bekannte Gebäude lag südöstlich des zu Sehma gehörigen „Vorwerks Königslust“ am nördlichen Ende von Kühberg. Das Zollhaus war kein Bestandteil des Mannlehnguts Bärenstein. Es unterstand somit nicht dem Rat der Stadt Annaberg, sondern gehörte als fiskalisches Gebäude von 1654 bis nach 1800 zum Kreisamt Schwarzenberg. Seitdem das Haus im Jahr 1849 versteigert wurde, dient es einer privaten Nutzung. Der Name „Berghäusel“ geriet im 19. Jahrhundert in Vergessenheit.
Nachdem der Reichsrat im Herbst 1906 das allgemeine, gleiche, geheime und direkte Männerwahlrecht beschlossen hatte, wurde mit 26. Jänner 1907 die große Wahlrechtsreform durch Sanktionierung von Kaiser Franz Joseph I. gültig. Mit der neuen Reichsratswahlordnung schuf man insgesamt 516 Wahlbezirke, wobei mit Ausnahme Galiziens in jedem Wahlbezirk ein Abgeordneter im Zuge der Reichsratswahl gewählt wurde. Der Abgeordnete musste sich dabei im ersten Wahlgang oder in einer Stichwahl mit absoluter Mehrheit durchsetzen. Der Wahlkreis Galizien 7 umfasste in der Stadt Lemberg den restlichen Teil des I., II., III. und IV. Gemeindebezirkes der durch den 2., 3., 4., 5, und 6. Wahlbezirk und die Gemeindegrenze begrenzt wird. Die Wahlräume befindeten sich in den Schulen auf Kordeckigasse, auf St. Martingasse und auf Łaczakowskagasse. Aus der Reichsratswahl 1907 sowie 1911 ging Józef Hudec von der Polnischen Sozialdemokratischen Partei Galiziens als Sieger hervor.
Bleyer war bis 1664 Schüler der Thomasschule zu Leipzig. Danach studierte er bei Adam Drese an der Universität Jena und ab 1666 an der Universität Leipzig. Weitere Studien folgten in Wien, Rom und Dresden. Er wurde Gräflich Schwarzburgischer Kammerschreiber. Seine Bewerbungen für die Kapellmeisterstellen in Rudolstadt und Leipzig (als Thomaskantor) blieben erfolglos. 1672 wurde er Kaiserlich gekrönter Poet. 1678 zog er nach Darmstadt.
An der Pfarrkirche Angerburg amtierten bis 1945 als evangelische Geistliche. Die Pfarrer der zweiten Pfarrstelle waren auch für das Landgebiet zuständig:
Lever war das einzige Kind von William Hesketh Lever und seiner Frau Elizabeth Ellen, geb. Crompton Hulme of Bolton. Er wurde an der Eton School erzogen und studierte am Trinity College der Universität Oxford, die er 1913 mit einem Masterabschluss verließ. Anschließend stieg er in das Familienunternehmen Lever Brothers ein.
2015 war die Inbetriebnahme einer vollautomatische Presslinie mit einer Presskraft von 20.500 kN und die Erweiterung der Fertigungstiefe durch diverse Bearbeitungszentren.
Ines Rastig (16. Januar 1965—14. Mai 2016) ist eine Berliner Künstlerin mit einem wechselvollen Leben, die als Malerin, Sängerin, als Szenenbildnerin eindrucksvoller Performances sowie als Kostüm- und Bühnenbildnerin bei Film und Theater tätig war. All ihre Werke sind geprägt von großer Phantasie, von Selbstbewusstsein, Rebellion und Eigenwilligkeit. In ihren letzten sieben Lebensjahren entwickelte sie sich zu einer entschiedenen Einzelgängerin und konzentrierte sich ausschließlich auf die Fotografie. Sowohl sich selbst als auch ihre künstlerischen Aktivitäten hielt sie mit großer Sturheit dem Kunstbetrieb fern. Ines Rastig bestand auf ihrer eigenen Sphäre von Raum und Zeit, wo alles Bild wurde. Ihre Passion war die obsessiv betriebene fotografische Beobachtung und Dokumentation ihres Umfeldes. Ob die Großaufnahme des intimen Blicks in den engen Wirklichkeitsausschnitt ihres eigenen Lebens oder die distanzierte Momentaufnahme im pulsierenden Berlin – immer sind ihre Werke geprägt von großer Poesie, von Humor, aber auch von Trauer und Verlust. Die letzten sechs Monate lebte die Künstlerin im "Chelsea der Ostsee" – im Hotel The Grand Ahrenshoop. Auch hier entstanden ungewöhnliche Arbeiten und komplexe Selbstporträts, die dem Betrachter viel gedanklichen Spielraum lassen. Mit ihrem frühen Tod im Mai 2016 hinterließ sie eine große Zahl fotografischer Arbeiten.
als die Differenz der Phasenwinkel bzw. Nullphasenwinkel der beiden Schwingungen. Teilweise wird diese Größe auch als „Phasendifferenz“, „Phasenunterschied“ oder „Phasenverschiebung“ bezeichnet.Anders als der Phasenwinkel ist der Phasenverschiebungswinkel zeitlich eine Konstante.
Am 27. Juni 2001 ernannte ihn Papst Johannes Paul II. zum Titularbischof von Garriana und zum Weihbischof in Mexiko-Stadt. Der Erzbischof von Mexiko-Stadt, Norberto Kardinal Rivera Carrera, spendete ihm am 15. August desselben Jahres die Bischofsweihe; Mitkonsekratoren waren der Apostolische Nuntius in Mexiko, Erzbischof Giuseppe Bertello, und der Bischof von Ecatepec, Onésimo Cepeda.
Manfred Berger: Zur Geschichte der Zeitschrift TPS. in: Egbert Haug-Zapp (Hrsg.): Historische zu gegenwärtigen Aufgaben der Sozialpädagogik. 100 Jahre evangelische Fachzeitschrift TPS. Bielefeld 1992, S. 9–13.
Am 13. Juli 1981 annullierte der Internationale Leichtathletikverband (IAAF) die von Ben Plucknett (1954–2002), USA, aufgestellten zwei Diskus-Weltrekorde am 16. Mai 1981 in Modesto (Kalifornien, USA) und am 7. Juli in Stockholm (Schweden) – zuletzt mit 72,34 m – wegen der Verwendung von Anabolika, speziell Nandrolon, und verhängte eine Teilnahmesperre von 18 Monaten.
Das Radwegenetz des Landkreises Mainz-Bingen, das direkt an Mombach grenzt, umfasst zurzeit zirka 550 Kilometer in folgenden Qualitäten: Radwege auf klassifizierten Straßen – 184 Kilometer (34 Prozent)
Von 1874 bis 1877 war Barnas Sears auch Präsident der American Baptist Missionary Union und unterstützte in dieser Funktion vor allem den Gemeindeaufbau der deutschen und europäischen Baptisten.
Auch die Sammlung „Altdeutsche Staaten“ des Amerikaners John R. Boker dürfte zu den großen Sammlungen gehört haben; sie wurde inzwischen in mehreren eigenen Auktionen in Wiesbaden aufgelöst.
Der Verein wurde 1989 gegründet um die Region West-Auckland in der New Zealand National Soccer League zu repräsentieren. Anfangs war der Verein in Western Springs beheimatet, doch 1991 folgte eine Fusion mit Massey AFC und der Club zog in den Fred Taylor Park in Waitakere, wo er auch noch heute spielt. 1990 gewann Waitakere City FC erstmals die neuseeländische Meisterschaft, weitere Titel folgten 1992, 1995, 1996 und 1997. 1994 gewann der Verein außerdem den Chatham Cup, 1995 und 1996 konnte ebenfalls der Pokalwettbewerb Neuseelands gewonnen werden.
Der Karlslunds IF Örebro (kurz: KIF Örebro) ist ein Fußballverein in der schwedischen Stadt Örebro. Der Verein wurde 1971 gegründet. Die Frauenfußballabteilung KIF Örebro DFF (Damfotbollsförening) spielt in der Damallsvenskan, der höchsten Spielklasse im schwedischen Frauenfußball.
Der Fahrzeugbestand umfasst 48 Triebwagen des Typs Regio-Shuttle (DB-Baureihe VT 650) der Baujahre 1996/97, 2003, 2005 und 2009, sowie drei NE 81-Triebwagen mit Baujahr 1993 sowie einen NE81-Steuerwagen, die in den HzL-Bahnbetriebswerken Gammertingen und Immendingen beheimatet sind. Der bis 2013 von Immendingen aus eingesetzte NE81 (VT121) wurde 2016 im Bahnbetriebswerk Gammertingen verschrottet.
ISO 9:1995 ist der neueste Standard der ISO und stellt eine extreme Form der Transliteration: Jeder kyrillische Buchstabe wird durch einen lateinischen Buchstaben dargestellt. Es wird keine Unterscheidung zwischen dem Г, das in der russischen als / g / und in der ukrainischen als / h / ausgeprägt ist, gemacht, somit immer als G transkribiert. Weil es eine sehr zuverlässige Eins-zu-Eins-Transkription ist, wird das System häufig verwendet.
Nach der Vereinigung ihrer beiden Quellbäche auf einer Höhe von 261 m ü. NHN am Ostrand des Schonungener Ortsteils Marktsteinach in der Flur Grundwiesen direkt neben dem örtlichen Sportplatz unterquert die Steinach die Kreisstraße SW 45 (Zum Kolben) und fließt dann zunächst in südwestlicher Richtung durch eine Grünzone, begleitet von einer Baumgalerie am Südrand des Dorfes und am Nordhang des Kolm entlang.
Die Stadt liegt im Scott County und ist Heimat des Georgetown College. Mitte der 1980er Jahre begann das Einwohnerwachstum der Stadt zu steigen, als Toyota dort eine 1988 Fabrik zur Motorherstellung baute. Georgetown ist außerdem der Trainingsort des NFL-Teams der Cincinnati Bengals.
Anfang 2012 wurde berichtet, dass sie mit Aufnahmen zu ihrem ersten Soloalbum begonnen habe. Der Song God Won’t Save U Now, produziert von Pete Kirtley, welcher unter anderem schon mit den Sugababes an deren Album Taller in More Ways sowie mit Mutya Buena an deren Solodebüt-Album Real Girl arbeitete, und Sacha Collisson unter deren gemeinsamen Bühnennamen DBX, sollte im Jahr 2012 veröffentlicht werden. Eine Veröffentlichung war für September 2012 vorgesehen, wurde aber aus unbekannten Gründen gestrichen. Ende 2012 war sie auf der Single Ordinary Me des Rappers Mr. Bigz auf dessen Mixtape The Bigz Bang Theory zu hören. Am 19. August 2013 veröffentlichte sie die Single Love (Is All We Need), eine Zusammenarbeit mit dem DJ Adam J. Im September 2014 veröffentlichte sie mit Summertime eine weitere Single. Im selben Jahr nahm sie an der britischen Gymnastik-Show Tumble teil, wo sie den 5.Platz belegte. Im Sommer 2016 erschien der Song Testify, eine Zusammenarbeit mit der norwegischen Künstlerin K-Syran.
Nach dem Abitur 1964 in Warburg studierte Hovermann in Münster Geschichte und Latein auf Lehramt. Nach dem Studium arbeitete er als Lehrer an Gymnasien in Münster, Burgsteinfurt, Erwitte und Lippstadt-Overhagen.
Nach dem Ende seiner Zeit im US-Repräsentantenhaus arbeitete Hiram Belcher wieder als Anwalt in Farmington. Dort ist er am 6. Mai 1857 auch verstorben.
Vollständige Generalsammlungen sind aber heute bei der großen Vielzahl an Sammelstücken kaum noch realisierbar und Sammler spezialisieren sich typischerweise irgendwann auf bestimmte Sammelgebiete.Man unterscheidet in der Philatelie zwei grundsätzlich verschiedene Arten des Briefmarkensammelns: die klassische Philatelie und das Motivsammeln.
Ankenbauer, Norbert (2010): "das ich mochte meer newer dyng erfaren". Die Versprachlichung des Neuen in den Paesi novamente retrovati (Vicenza, 1507) und in ihrer deutschen Übersetzung (Nürnberg, 1508). Berlin: Frank & Timme.
Der Suzuki Kei war ein Kleinstwagen in der japanischen Kei-Car-Klasse, den Suzuki zwischen 1998 und 2009 produzierte. Erhältlich war er als drei- oder fünftüriges Fließheck-Fahrzeug. Als Antrieb kam der Suzuki-R3-Ottomotor mit oder ohne Turbolader zum Einsatz. Grundsätzlich verfügte der Kei über Frontantrieb, optional war auch Allradantrieb erhältlich. Neben einem Fünf-Gang-Schaltgetriebe war auch ein Vierstufen-Automatikgetriebe verfügbar. Mazda vertrieb ein Badge-Engineering- Modell als Mazda Laputa von 1999 bis 2006.
Johann Hintner (* 10. November 1834 in Gsies-Pichl, Südtirol; † 15. Februar 1892 in Bozen, Südtirol) war ein Maler.Der Vater war Bauer. Ein Vorfahre, der Gschwendt-Wirt Simon Hintner, hatte 1691 ein Wappen verliehen bekommen. Johanns Bruder Michael Hintner wurde Zimmermann und Bildhauer.Er war Schüler von Johann von Schraudolph in München. Im Oktober 1870 schrieb er sich in die Antikenklasse an der Münchener Akademie der bildenden Künste ein. Später war er in Bozen ansässig. Als Vertreter der spätnazarenischen Schule malte er Altarblätter, Bildnisse und Genreszenen.
Das Verhältnis zum Kölner Erzbischof und Kurfürsten war in der Regel gut. Dafür sorgte insbesondere Dietrichs Bruder als Landdrost des kölnischen Herzogtums Westfalen. Eine Ausnahme machte die Zeit des zum Protestantismus übergetretenen Erzbischof Gebhard I. von Waldburg.
1491 vermählte sich Vratislav, vermutlich mit Vermittlung Wilhelms, mit Ludmilla/Lidmilla, einer Tochter des 1489/90 verstorbenen Jan Heralt von Kunstadt und der Elisabeth (Johanna?) von Krawarn. Obwohl Ludmilla zwei Jahre später starb, erbte er 1495 von seiner mittlerweile ebenfalls verstorbenen Schwiegermutter Schloss und Herrschaft Blumenau sowie Proßnitz. An dem Erbe konnte er sich nicht lange erfreuen. Er starb bereits ein Jahr später im Alter von nur 33 Jahren. Da er keine Nachkommen hinterließ und von seinen Brüdern nur noch Wilhelm lebte, gelangten Vratislavs hinterlassene Besitzungen an diesen.
Der Pfarrer Elijah Craig und weitere kirchliche Angehörigen aus Virginia waren Ende 1785 die ersten Bewohner Georgetowns. Die Stadt ist benannt nach George Washington. Am 16. Dezember 1790 wurde die Ortschaft als Stadt eingetragen. Craig gründete eine Fabrik, die für die Tuch- und Papierherstellung zuständig war. 1789 gründete er dann in der Stadt eine Destillerie sowie eine klassische Schule, welche die Basis für das Georgetown College bildete.
Das vor über einhundert Jahren vollendete Stammstrecken-Netz der HzL ist bis heute in Betrieb. Personenverkehr findet zwischen Hechingen und Sigmaringen, an Samstagen, Sonntagen und Feiertagen auch nach Eyach statt, während er auf dem übrigen Netz in den Jahren 1968 bis 1973 abschnittweise, heute an Werktagen, auf Busbedienung umgestellt wurde:
Bei der klassischen Philatelie beschäftigt man sich näher mit den Briefmarkenausgaben einzelner Staaten oder begrenzter Zeiträume (zum Beispiel Weimarer Republik oder Westberlin) in einem der beiden Erhaltungsformen „gestempelt“ oder „postfrisch“ (früher alternativ: mit Falz). Früher wurde angestrebt das betreffende Gebiet komplett zu machen insbesondere bei Vordruckalben, heute wird häufig auf Vollständigkeit weniger Wert gelegt, in diesem Fall ist das Ziel möglichst viele Sammelstücke in qualitativ hochwertige Erhaltung zusammenzutragen, und Lücken nicht mit minderwertigeren Exemplaren zu füllen.
Leun liegt an der Bundesstraße 49. Nach Norden besteht über Ehringshausen Anschluss an die Bundesautobahn 45. Auf Leuner Gebiet befinden sich die beiden Bahnhöfe „Leun/Braunfels“ (im Ortsteil Lahnbahnhof) und „Stockhausen“ an der Lahntalbahn Gießen – Limburg an der Lahn – Koblenz.
Mit der Reformation ging die Auflösung des Grünhainer Klosters im Jahr 1536 einher. Politisch wurden Bärenstein und Kühberg dem neu gegründeten Amt Schlettau zugeteilt, welches kurze Zeit darauf mit dem Amt Grünhain vereinigt wurde. Nachdem der Ort mit dem Amt Schlettau im Zuge der Wittenberger Kapitulation im Jahr 1547 zum albertinischen Kurfürstentum Sachsen kam, wurde Bärenstein mit der zu ihm gehörigen Siedlung Kühberg im Jahr 1548 zu einem Ratsdorf von Annaberg. Die Landbrücke, welche später als „Böhmische Brücke“ oder „Grenzbrücke“ bekannt war, wurde im Jahr 1557 über den Pöhlbach am unteren Ortsende von Kühberg gebaut. Sie bestand bis 1945. Zu dieser Zeit blühte der Bergbau zu beiden Seiten des Pöhlbachs, wodurch sich zahlreiche Bergleute ansiedelten. Gruben am Raumberg bei Kühberg trugen u. a. die Namen „Blaue Maus“ und „Berghäusel Bärenstein“.Zwischen 1564 und 1566 entstand der Annaberger Floßgraben zur Heranführung großer Mengen von Brenn-, Gruben-, Hütten- und Bauholz sowie von zusätzlichem Aufschlag-, Brauch- und Trinkwasser für die Bergstadt Annaberg. Der elf Kilometer lange Graben begann an der Flurgrenze von Bärenstein mit der erst im 17. Jahrhundert entstandenen Siedlung Stahlberg. Dann verlief er bis zum Standort des heutigen Bahnhofs Bärenstein entlang der heutigen Eisenbahnstrecke über den ehemaligen Haltepunkt Kühberg in der Ortsmitte und weiter in Richtung Königswalde oberer Bahnhof. Der Graben war bis zur Aufgabe der Flößerei im Jahr 1844 in Betrieb.
Bei Kriegsbeginn wurde Joseph Hackin zunächst im Range eines Capitains, dann eines Commandants (Stabsoffizier im Majorsrang) in der französischen Gesandtschaft Kabul reaktiviert und als Verbindungsoffizier dem mediterranen Operationsgebiet (General Weygand) zugewiesen. Ein Angebot Marschall Pétains, in den diplomatischen Dienst Vichy-Frankreichs zu treten und die Leitung der Gesandtschaft in Afghanistan zu übernehmen, lehnte er ab. Am 6. Juli 1940 telegrafierte er General de Gaulle und trat den Freien Französischen Streitkräften (FFL) bei. Er folgte so dem berühmten Appell de Gaulles vom 18. Juni 1940 sowie der Anerkennung des Generals als Führer des „Freien Frankreich“ („France Libre“) durch Winston Churchill vom 28. Juni 1940. Gemeinsam mit seiner Frau traf er über Bombay und den Seeweg im Oktober 1940 in London ein. Im Hauptquartier General de Gaulles und der FFL in Carlton Gardens Nr. 4 wurde er mit der Aufgabe betraut, die verschiedenen Komitees von France Libre weltweit zu koordinieren und ihnen Informationen und Direktiven zu geben. Am 14. Dezember 1940 sprach er über BBC, um die Franzosen zum Widerstand zu ermutigen. Seine Frau Marie trat dem Corps des Voluntaires Françaises im Range eines Sous-Lieutenant bei.
Zum Betrieb auf dem Ausschreibungsnetz 12 „RB Ulmer Stern“ ab Juni 2019 wird die HzL Dieseltriebwagen des Typs LINT 54 einsetzen. Dieser Fahrzeugtyp wird damit erstmals in Baden-Württemberg eingesetzt. Die Fahrzeuge werden eine Einstiegshöhe von 55 Zentimeter haben. Außerdem werden in jedem Fahrzeug 18 Fahrradstellplätze vorhanden sein.
Verteidigungsausschuss als 1. Untersuchungsausschuss gem. Art. 45a Absatz 2 Grundgesetz "rechtsextremistischen Vorkommnissen an der Führungsakademie der Bundeswehr in Hamburg und an anderen Standorten der Bundeswehr" (1998)
Auch in Allendorf wird bei den Novemberpogromen 1938 die Synagoge zerstört und das Inventar am folgenden Tag auf dem Festplatz verbrannt. Mit der Deportation der letzten 21 Mitbürger jüdischen Glaubens in die Vernichtungslager erreicht das dunkelste Kapitel deutscher Geschichte für Allendorf seinen traurigen Höhepunkt. Allendorf hat im Zweiten Weltkrieg 85 Gefallene und 56 Vermisste zu beklagen.
behauptete von sich selbst, der erste Philatelist der Welt gewesen zu sein, da er bereits Marken gesammelt habe, bevor es überhaupt Briefmarken gab, nämlich Steuer- und Stempelmarken aller Art. Gleich am 6. Mai 1840, dem Tag der Einführung der ersten Briefmarken weltweit in Großbritannien, kaufte er sich mehrere Exemplare dieser Marken in der Absicht, sie nicht zu verbrauchen, sondern aufzubewahren.
Die große Arena hat beim Eishockey eine Zuschauerkapazität von 7.012 Zuschauern; die sich beim Basketball auf 7.700 Plätze steigern lässt. Die kleinere Eishalle bietet 1.900 Zuschauern Platz. Zum Sportkomplex gehören neben der großen Arena und der kleineren Eishalle eine weitere Eisbahn für Publikumslauf und Training sowie verschiedene technische Gebäudeteile.
Edílson Mendes Guimarães, genannt Edílson, (* 27. Juli 1986 in Nova Esperança) ist ein brasilianischer Fußballspieler. Der Rechtsfüßer wird als rechter oder linker Abwehrspieler eingesetzt.
Neben den neuen Hilfsmitteln für den Philatelisten entstanden auch immer mehr Briefmarkenvereine und Veranstaltungen speziell für den Philatelisten. Bereits aus dem Jahre 1856 sind Treffen von Philatelisten in den Vereinigten Staaten bekannt. Im Jahre 1866 kam es zur offiziellen Gründung des ersten Briefmarkenvereines der Welt. Es handelt sich dabei um die Excelsior Stamp Association in den Vereinigten Staaten. Zwei Jahre später, im August 1869, kam es auch in Deutschland zur Gründung der ersten Briefmarkenvereine. Der erste deutsche Briefmarkensammlerverein, der Süddeutsche Philatelisten-Verein, wurde in Heidelberg gegründet. Es folgten in den nächsten drei Jahren Dresden, Berlin und Hamburg nach.
Recherche Bay war ziemlich abgelegen von den Hauptsiedlungsgebieten der Europäer auf Tasmanien und durch seine geographische Lage den östlichen Stürmen ausgesetzt. Das schwierige Gelände und die Beschaffenheit des Bodens hielten die Europäer von Landwirtschaft ab. Daher wurde die Gegend um Recherche Bay von der britischen Besiedelung von Van Diemens Land nur wenig berührt. Während der 1830er und 1840er Jahre wurde eine Walfängerstation etabliert (wie auch im weiter nördlich und auch geschützt liegenden Port Esperance). Auch befand sich in Recherche Bay eine Lotsenstation, deren Lotsen die Schiffe den D'Entrecasteaux Channel hinauf und nach Hobart brachten. Walfänger kamen auch später sporadisch in die Bucht, um Wale zu verarbeiten, wobei zwei Schiffe, die Maria Orr im Jahre 1846 und die Offley im Jahre 1880 von Stürmen in der Bucht zerstört wurden. Die kommerzielle Hauptaktivität in den späten 1800er Jahren und den 1990er Jahren war die Holzwirtschaft, hauptsächlich um die Ortschaft Leprena, und Kohlenbergbau hauptsächlich um die Ortschaft Catamaran. Die Catamaran Coal Company benutzte die frühere Bark James Craig als Kohlenhulk in diesem Gebiet.
Am 20. September 1960 werden Allendorf durch einen Erlass der hessischen Landesregierung die Stadtrechte wieder förmlich zuerkannt. Zwischenzeitlich (seit 1937) waren die Stadtrechte ausgesetzt gewesen.
Die Sammlung des Reichspostmuseums in Berlin zählt zu den größten und bedeutungsvollsten der Welt, obwohl während der Weltkriege und der Nachkriegszeit große Verluste entstanden. Die Sammlung musste mehrmals umziehen, da der ursprüngliche Aufbewahrungsort in der Leipziger Straße im Zweiten Weltkrieg schwer getroffen wurde.
Der erste Unabhängigkeitstagsempfang fand 1919 statt und war eine kleine Veranstaltung mit 150 Gästen. Noch bis Mitte der 1930er Jahre war eine solche Feier nicht etabliert, weshalb in manchen Jahren wegen anderer Ereignisse – wie zum Beispiel des 70. Geburtstags des damaligen Präsidenten P.E. Svinhuvud – gar nicht gefeiert wurde. Während der Kriegsjahre zwischen 1940 und 1945 fand ebenfalls kein Unabhängigkeitstagsempfang statt. Der nach dem Krieg amtierende Präsident Juho Paasikivi trug zur Wiederbelebung der Tradition bei und sie erhielt für das Volk eine neue Bedeutung.Heutzutage werden rund 1800 Gäste eingeladen, darunter die Mitglieder des Staatsrats, die Mitglieder von Regierung und Parlaments, ausländische Diplomaten, die Bischöfe, die finnischen Abgeordneten des Europäischen Parlaments, die Kanzler und Direktoren der Universitäten, die Offiziere, die Landeshauptleute, die obersten Beamten der Rechtsprechung, und die ehemaligen Präsidenten, Ministerpräsidenten und Parlamentspräsidenten. Seit den letzten Jahrzehnten wird die Einladung auch an wichtige einflussreiche Personen des Wirtschaftslebens und der Kultur sowie an erfolgreiche Sportler und Künstler des Jahres geschickt. Weltbekannte Gäste waren in den vergangenen Jahren unter anderem der The Rasmus-Sänger Lauri Ylönen und Rennfahrer Kimi Räikkönen. Von den 1990er Jahren bis 2006 standen außerhalb des Präsidentenpalastes sogenannte „Zaungäste“ als Protestierende.
Botanischer Theil: 1. Band (mehr nicht erschienen): Sporenpflanzen: A. Grunow, Algae; A. von Krempelhuber, Lichenes; H. W. Reichardt, Fungi, Hepaticae et Musci Frondosi; G. Mettenius, Cryptogamae Vasculares; Julius Milde, Ophioglosseae und Equisetaceae. Wien 1870
Der Allerheiligengraben ist ein Seitental des Pölstals und trennt die Gemeinden Pöls-Oberkurzheim und Fohnsdorf. Dessen östliches Seitental – der Steinmetzgraben – gehört zu Fohnsdorf. Der den Allerheiligengraben durchfließende Allerheiligenbach mündet bei Paßhammer in den Pölsbach. Im Süden des Grabens, am Talausgang, liegt die namengebende Ortschaft Allerheiligen. Den Graben umgeben Berge – auf der östlichen Seite die Dirnbergerhöhe, die Prennhöhe, der Zechnerriedel, die Strasswaldhöhe, die Eisenbacherhöhe, das Gaaleck, die Gaaler Höhe, der Waldkogel, der Schlapfkogel, der Vormacherberg und auf der westlichen Seite der Geierkogel, das Geigereck und der Bärenkogel. Der Ausgang des Tals liegt auf 776 Meter und die Quelle des Allerheiligenbachs auf 1258 Meter Höhe über dem Meeresspiegel.
Die Vultee P-66 Vanguard war ein ursprünglich für die schwedischen Luftstreitkräfte vorgesehenes Jagdflugzeug der United States Army Air Forces (USAAF) im Zweiten Weltkrieg.
Recherche Bay ist eine Bucht an der Südküste Tasmaniens in Australien. Die Einfahrt in die Bucht erfolgt von Osten. Recherche Bay ist nur etwa sechs nautische Meilen nördlich des Südostkap (englisch South East Cape) gelegen, des äußersten südlichen Ausläufers von Tasmanien und damit des südlichsten Punktes von Australien (abgesehen vom Antarktisteil).
Der Verlag hatte im Jahr 1992 sieben feste Mitarbeiter, brachte ein Halbjahresangebot von etwa zehn Titeln heraus und machte einen Jahresumsatz von 2 Millionen DM. Durch den Verdrängungswettbewerb auf dem Buchmarkt geriet der Kleinverlag Ende 1992 in eine existenzielle Krise: Er litt unter Umsatzrückgang, fehlendes Kapital und Remissionen. Eine geplante Büro- und Vertriebsgemeinschaft mit dem Hamburger Verlag Rasch und Röhring, der vor allem für sein Sachbuchprogramm bekannt war, kam nicht mehr zustande. Der Verleger Peter Lohmann musste Anfang 1993 den Konkurs seines Verlags am Galgenberg anmelden.Das Verlagsprogramm konnte noch von 1994 bis 1996 beim Hamburger Verlag Rasch und Röhring als Edition Galgenberg fortgeführt werden. In der Edition Galgenberg erschienen unter anderem Werke folgender Autoren: Ingvar Ambjørnsen, Anke Gebert, Anne Holt, José Ángel Mañas, Peter Schmidt.
19. April: Bei einer Opernaufführung im Theater des dänischen Schlosses Amalienborg entzündet sich die Dekoration. Das Theater und das Schloss, auf das die Flammen übergreifen, werden beim Brand zerstört. 171 Menschen sterben, unter ihnen der Komponist Johann Lorentz.
Am 1. Januar 1975 wurde der Name der Stadt amtlich in Allendorf (Lumda) geändert.1981 Stilllegung der Lumdatalbahn im Personenverkehr. 1991 desgl. im Güterverkehr.
(6519) Giono ist ein Asteroid des Hauptgürtels, der am 12. Februar 1991 vom belgischen Astronomen Eric Walter Elst am Observatoire de Haute-Provence (IAU-Code 511) entdeckt wurde.
Östlich von Espert verläuft der in den Ispingrader Bach mündende Geilensiepen. Politisch im Stadtrat von Radevormwald vertreten wird der Ort durch den Direktkandidaten des Wahlbezirks 100.
Die Blattrhachis ist 4,4 bis 5,5 Zentimeter lang und wie der Blattstiel geflügelt. Zwischen jedem Blättchenpaar finden sich gestielte Drüsen. Die lanzettlichen Nebenblätter sind 1,5 bis 2 Millimeter lang und dauernd.
IPA Das International Phonetic Alphabet ( IPA) dient dazu, die Aussprache einer Sprache so nah wie möglich abzubilden. Dieses System, wird vor allem in Wörterbüchern und in linguistischen Publikationen verwendet, es muss jedoch nicht immer unbedingt eine Romanisierung darstellen. Die IPA besteht nicht ausschließlich aus lateinischen Buchstaben.
Konrad Rosenhauer u. a. (Hrsg.): Der Landkreis Ansbach. Vergangenheit und Gegenwart. Verl. f. Behörden u. Wirtschaft Hoeppner, Aßling-Pörsdorf/Obb. 1964, DNB 450093387, S. 140.
Edward Duyker: A French Garden in Tasmania. The Legacy of Félix Delahaye (1767—1829). Explorations, December 2004 (issued October 2005), S. 3–18.
Durch die Verbesserung der Situation in den Winterquartieren und Schutzmaßnahmen in den Brutgebieten können sich die Störche zurzeit wieder ausbreiten.
16. Dezember: Die Bill of Rights (dt. Gesetz der Rechte) wird verabschiedet. Das Gesetz regelt die Rechte des britischen Parlaments gegenüber dem Königtum und gilt als eines der grundlegenden Dokumente des Parlamentarismus.
Hiram Belcher (* 23. Februar 1790 in Hallowell, Kennebec County, Massachusetts; † 6. Mai 1857 in Farmington, Maine) war ein US-amerikanischer Politiker. Zwischen 1847 und 1849 vertrat er den Bundesstaat Maine im US-Repräsentantenhaus.
In einer Studie zur Ortswahrnehmung und Ortsbindung von Mombach aus dem Jahr 1999 wurden die endogenen Potentiale des Stadtteils aufgezeigt. Diese Tatsache ist wohl der städtebaulichen Planung von Ernst May zu verdanken, der Mombach West propagierte um die Innenstadt zu entlasten und so zur Auflockerung der Bestandsbebauung in dieser beizutragen.
Worst Week ist eine US-amerikanische Sitcom, die vom 22. September 2008 bis zum 6. Juni 2009 auf CBS ausgestrahlt wurde. Die Serie basiert auf der britischen Sitcom The Worst Week of My Life.
Doch eines Abends stirbt der alte Spielzeugmacher und alle seine Schöpfungen geraten nicht nur in tiefe Trauer, sondern in tiefe Furcht: Im Kellergewölbe der Fabrik erwacht eine böse Macht. Aus den alten Kartons erwachen die bösen Blechspielzeuge. Durch den Tod von Vater Isaak sehen sie ihre Chance, ein grausames Regime auf der Erde aufzubauen, denn sie wollen alle Kinder der Welt in Angst und Schrecken versetzen.
Der Diskuswerfer oder der Diskobolos fand in der klassischen Zeit von Myron seine statuarische Formgebung. Auch der Diskophoros oder Diskusträger des Polyklet kann hier erwähnt werden. War beim Diskophoros des Polyklet das Standmotiv (Klassischer Kontrapost) das Wesentliche, so ist es beim Myronischen Diskobolos einziges Moment der Ruhe innerhalb der Aktion.
Franz Falk (1840–1909), Prälat, katholischer Pfarrer, Bistumsarchivar und Kirchenhistoriker in Mainz, Mitbegründer der Gesellschaft für mittelrheinische Kirchengeschichte.
Die Liste der denkmalgeschützten Objekte in Großpetersdorf enthält die 13 denkmalgeschützten, unbeweglichen Objekte der burgenländischen Gemeinde Großpetersdorf.
Der „Normverbrauch“ nach DIN 70030 wurde mit gleich bleibend Dreiviertel der Höchstgeschwindigkeit, höchstens jedoch 110 km/h, auf ebener Strecke ermittelt.
Als Unterflurmotor wird bei Kraftfahrzeugen und Triebwagen eine im Rahmen oder dem Wagenkasten liegende Anordnung des Motors bezeichnet (im Unterschied zum im Frontbereich stehend eingebauten Motor und zum Heckmotor). Entwickelt wurde der Unterflurmotor von dem Ingenieur Paul Arendt. Berühmt für seine Fahrzeuge mit Unterflurmotor war der Lastkraftwagen- und Bushersteller Büssing.
Die Gründung erfolgte 2007 und ist das Ergebnis aus dem 42 Monate dauernden Network of Excellence INTEROP (Interoperability research for networked enterprise applications and software), einer Forschungsinitiative der Europäischen Union.
Szélesi spielte bis 2004 beim ungarischen Hauptstadtverein Újpest FC und bestritt als rechter Verteidiger in vier Jahren über 100 Spiele in der ersten ungarischen Liga. Einmal nahm er für die Ungarn auch am UEFA-Pokal teil.
Stich-Meister ist vom Prinzip her ein klassisches Stichkartenspiel, jedoch werden vor jeder Runde die Trumpffarbe sowie einige Spiel- und Wertungsregeln neu bestimmt oder abgeändert. Gespielt wird, wie bei Stichspielen üblich, um Punkte.
Die Ewige Tabelle umfasst alle Endrundenspiele seit 1991. Ergebnisse im Elfmeterschießen werden nicht berücksichtigt. Alle Ergebnisse sind auf die 3-Punkte-Wertung umgerechnet.
1. Band: Wirbeltiere: J. Zelebor, Säugethiere; August von Pelzeln, Vögel; F. Steindachner, Reptilien; F. Steindachner, Amphibien; Rudolf Kner, Fische. Wien 1867–1869, (Digitalisat)
Von 1930 bis 1933 leitete Hackin das Maison franco-japonaise in Tokio. In dieser Zeit nahm er als Archäologe an der Croisière Jaune („Gelbe Kreuzfahrt“ bzw. „Gelbe Expedition“) teil, der äußerst aufwändigen Asien-Expedition des Automobilherstellers Citroën über 13.000 Kilometer, ausgerüstet mit Halbkettenfahrzeugen des Typs Citroën C4 Autochenilles.
Herz-Jesu Kirche (kath., 1911) in neugotischem Stil entworfen von Ludwig Becker, Entwurf der Glasfenster durch Alois Plum, nach Sicherung und Sanierung wurde der Altarraum 2001 durch Vitus Wurmdobler ausgemalt.
Als Folge des Zweiten Weltkriegs fiel Falkenhain 1945 wie fast ganz Schlesien an Polen und wurde in Sokołówka umbenannt. Die deutsche Bevölkerung wurde vertrieben. Die neuen Bewohner waren zum Teil Heimatvertriebene aus Ostpolen. Bis 1974 gehörte Sokołówka zur Woiwodschaft Wrocław und anschließend bis 1998 zur Woiwodschaft Wałbrzych (deutsch: Waldenburg). Wegen der Zunahme der Bevölkerung wurden in den 1990er Jahren in Sokołówka zwei neue Pfarreien errichtet: der ober gelegene Teil des Ortsteils gehört kirchlich zu der Pfarrei „Christus König“ (bei Missionshaus „Christus Rex“), der untere zu der Pfarrei „Matki Bożej Królowej Pokoju“ (dt. „Muttergottes, Königin des Friedens“), wo eine neue Pfarrkirche erbaut wurde.
In der Landgrafschaft Hessen-Darmstadt wurde mit Ausführungsverordnung vom 9. Dezember 1803 das Gerichtswesen neu organisiert. Für die Provinz Oberhessen wurde das „Hofgericht Gießen“ als Gericht der zweiten Instanz eingerichtet. Die Rechtsprechung der ersten Instanz wurde durch die Ämter bzw. Standesherren vorgenommen und somit war für Allendorf das „Amt Allendorf/Lumda“ zuständig.
Seit einigen Jahren sind die Weißstörche „Nachbarn“ der Menschen in Mombach und Budenheim. Genau an der Grenze zwischen beiden Orten gibt es am Rheinufer einen Storchenhorst. In diesem Horst haben Störche seit 1997 mehrere Male mit gutem Erfolg gebrütet.
Magdalena Semczyszyn: Wybory w kurii miejskiej we Lwowie 1861–1914 jako pretekst dla ukazania społeczno-politycznego potencjału miasta. In: Historia Slavorum Occidentis 1(4), 43-71, 2013
Das mittlere Einkommen für einen Haushalt in der Gemeinde lag bei 33.571 Dollar, und das mittlere Einkommen für eine Familie lag bei 33.214 Dollar. Männer hatten ein mittleres Einkommen von 30.000 Dollar, $ Frauen von 14.375 Dollar. Das Pro-Kopf-Einkommen der Gemeinde betrug 17.396 Dollar. Über 11,0 % der Familien und 12,3 % der Gesamtbevölkerung lebten unterhalb der Armutsgrenze, davon waren 22,5 % der Befragten im Alter von 18 Jahren und keiner 65 Jahre oder älter.
Die ersten Varianten des „Großen Goggomobils“ litten an schlimmen Kinderkrankheiten: Die Aluminium-Druckgussgehäuse der Motoren verformten sich bei hohen Betriebstemperaturen. Durch diesen Defekt konnte der Benzinverbrauch bis auf 12 l/100 km steigen. Die Karosserien verwanden sich auf schlechten Straßen so stark, dass Risse entstanden und im schlimmsten Fall die Panorama-Frontscheibe aus ihrem Rahmen fiel. Die Reklamationen kosteten die Hans Glas GmbH viel Geld und beschädigten den Ruf der Firma.
Sie hat eine Tochter, ist mit dem ehemaligen Bundestagsabgeordneten Ditmar Staffelt (SPD) verheiratet und hat im April 2008 auch dessen Nachnamen angenommen.
Die Philatelie oder Briefmarkenkunde beschäftigt sich mit dem systematischen Sammeln von Postwertzeichen sowie von Belegen für ihre Verwendung auf Postsendungen jeglicher Art und der Erforschung postgeschichtlicher Dokumente.
Der Fernsehschauspieler Gary (Ryan Reynolds) wird aufgrund von Brandstiftung und Drogenmissbrauch unter Hausarrest gestellt. Dort wird er von der Agentin Margaret (Melissa McCarthy) betreut und lernt die Nachbarin Sarah (Hope Davis) kennen. Gary bekommt jedoch mehr und mehr das Gefühl, dass es in dem Haus spukt und er von der Zahl Neun verfolgt wird. So findet er unter anderem einen Notizzettel mit der Aufschrift „Achte auf die Neunen“ in seiner eigenen Handschrift. Bei einem verbotenen Ausflug trifft er ein stummes Mädchen, welches versucht, ihm mit Gebärdensprache etwas mitzuteilen. Doch Gary versteht es nicht und wird schließlich von der Polizei aufgegriffen. Er erhält jetzt eine Elektronische Fußfessel und wird immer mehr von der Zahl Neun besessen. Sarah, die durch Margaret von Gary ferngehalten wird, teilt ihm mit, dass mit der Welt tatsächlich etwas nicht stimmt und dass sie ihm dabei helfen könne, aus der Situation herauszukommen. Als Gary Margaret zur Rede stellt, versucht sie ihm zu erklären, dass nicht etwas mit der Welt nicht stimmt, sondern mit ihm und er auf keinen Fall den markierten Bereich mit seiner Fußfessel verlassen dürfe. Gary tut dies trotzdem und die Welt um ihn herum löst sich in Feuer auf.
Anschließend unternahm der Freiberufler Arndt vor allem Gastspielreisen im Rahmen von Tourneebühnen. In der Spielzeit 1981/82, als er gerade am Theater in Lübeck engagiert gewesen war, kehrte er noch einmal für eine kleine Rolle vor die Kamera zurück. Danach verschwand er weitgehend aus dem Blickfeld der Öffentlichkeit.
Konnten im Aufbau der Fachgewerkschaften schon früh beachtliche Erfolge erzielt werden, so behinderte die mangelnde rechtliche Anerkennung die gewerkschaftliche Arbeit erheblich: die Errichtung eines eigenständigen Patronates war nicht möglich, Kollektivverträge in deutscher Sprache herauszugeben schwierig, da man aufgrund mangelnder Kontakte zu einer staatlichen Gewerkschaft vom Informationsfluss abgeschnitten war.
Communauté de communes Forterre Val d’Yonnesowie Zugang von vier weiteren Gemeinden aus der ehemaligen Communauté de communes du Pays Coulangeois und einer weiteren ohne bisherige Verbandszuordnung.
Günther P. Fehring: Stadt und Landkreis Ansbach (= Bayerische Kunstdenkmale. Band 2). Deutscher Kunstverlag, München 1958, DNB 451224701, S. 96–97.
Im Rahmen der Gebietsreform in Hessen entstand durch den freiwilligen Zusammenschluss der Stadt Leun und der Gemeinden Biskirchen, Bissenberg und Stockhausen am 31. Dezember 1971 die neue Stadt Leun. Das heutige Rathaus befindet sich im Stadtteil Stockhausen.
Im Jahre 1875 entstand auf Grund der zwangsverordneten Union zwischen der Lutherischen Kirche und der reformierten Tradition zu einer Kirche die Evangelisch-Lutherische Zionsgemeinde Allendorf, da sie ihr lutherisches Bekenntnis, Verfassung und Gottesdienst uneingeschränkt beibehalten wollte. Die Evangelisch-Lutherische Zionsgemeinde Allendorf gehört zum Kirchenbezirk Hessen-Süd der Selbständigen Evangelisch-Lutherischen Kirche. Diese Kirchengemeinde ist bis heute ein wichtiger Teil des religiösen Lebens in der Stadt.
Anfang Februar 1941 beauftragte de Gaulle Joseph Hackin, die Interessen des Freien Frankreichs als Gesandter beim englischen Vizekönig in Indien zu vertreten. Hackins diplomatisches Aufgabengebiet dürfte von Indien aus Französisch-Indochina gewesen sein. Das Laos, Kambodscha und Vietnam umfassende Territorium, das Hackin vertraut war, behielt bis Kriegsende eine Vichy-treue Kolonialverwaltung unter japanischer Oberherrschaft.
Der Isar wurde in diverse Länder exportiert. Der Name wurde auf einigen ausländischen Märkten zu ISARD verändert, als entdeckt wurde, dass "Isar" in einigen Sprachen "dumm" bedeutet.
1377 wird die junge Stadt von Herzog Otto von Braunschweig und Johann von Nassau überfallen und geplündert. Die Einwohner werden gefangengenommen; 16 Personen sterben in den Gefängnissen.
Der Südpfälzer Lukas Grünenwald besuchte die Lateinschule in Annweiler, das Gymnasium in Landau (Pfalz) und leistete seinen Militärdienst als Einjährig-Freiwilliger beim 9. Infanterie-Regiment „Wrede“ in Würzburg. Dort studierte er auch klassische Philologie sowie Geschichte; vollendete seine Studien mit dem Staatsexamen in München und promovierte sich später. In Würzburg trat er der katholischen Studentenverbindung Normannia im KV bei.
12. Mai: Die Augsburger Allianz wird durch den Beitritt von England und den Niederlanden zur Wiener Großen Allianz gegen den Sonnenkönig Ludwig XIV. erweitert.
mit Johann Georg Joessel: Lehrbuch der topographisch-chirurgischen Anatomie mit Einschluss der Operationsübungen an der Leiche für Studirende und Ärzte. Zweiter Teil. Die Brust - Der Bauch - Das Becken. Friedrich Cohen, Bonn 1899. Digitalisat
Bei der Europawahl 2004 wurde Watson mit 18,3 % der Stimmen des Wahlkreises Südwestengland wiedergewählt. Im Europäischen Parlament schlossen sich anschließend die Europäischen Liberalen, Demokratische und Reformpartei und die Europäische Demokratische Partei zur Allianz der Liberalen und Demokraten für Europa zusammen. Watson wurde zum ersten Vorsitzenden dieser neuen Fraktion gewählt. Er ist Mitglied in der Konferenz der Präsidenten sowie in der Delegation für die Beziehungen zu der Koreanischen Halbinsel.
Zuma erzielte in seinem ersten Bundesligaspiel für Arminia Bielefeld auch gleich sein erstes Bundesligator. Er traf zum zwischenzeitlichen 2:2 beim Auswärtsspiel gegen Werder Bremen.
Die erste Sichtung geht vermutlich auf Teilnehmer der Fünften Französischen Antarktisexpedition (1908–1910) unter der Leitung des Polarforschers Jean-Baptiste Charcot im Jahr 1909 zurück. Luftaufnahmen, die am 1. Februar 1937 bei der British Graham Land Expedition (1934–1937) unter der Leitung des australischen Polarforschers John Rymill entstanden, dienten einer ersten groben Kartierung. Eine Landkarte, die im Zuge dieser Forschungsreise entstand, enthält ihren deskriptiven Namen. Der Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey nahm 1949 Vermessungen vor Ort vor.
Die Entstehung der Sandflächen setzte vor etwa 18.000 Jahren während der letzten Eiszeit ein. Damals führte der Rhein, der immer wieder sein Flussbett änderte, nur sehr wenig Wasser, da der größte Teil der Niederschläge in den Eis- und Schneemassen gebunden war. Während des kurzen, schneefreien Hochsommers, konnten nördliche und nordwestliche Winde die kalkreichen, feinkörnigen Sande aus dem Rheingraben verwehen und entweder flächig ausbreiten oder zu bis zu 10 m hohe Dünen aufbauen. Das Gelände wurde bis 2006 immer wieder als militärischer Übungsplatz genutzt. Teile wurden im Anschluss an die Alliierte Rheinlandbesetzung zum Konversionsgebiet erklärt und mit Obstbäumen bepflanzt. Seit 1997 wurden die Obstflächen wiederum unter Naturschutz gestellt, was zu einer unerwünschten Verwilderung führt. Der Arbeitskreis Umwelt hat eine Patenschaft für Teile des Mombacher Oberfeldes übernommen. In diesem Gebiet führt er Pflegemaßnahmen durch, um die Biotopqualität zu erhalten oder zu steigern.
Aus diesem Impuls entstehen skulpturale Interventionen und Installationen ebenso wie Arbeiten im Aussenraum (Fettfries, Weserunterführung Bremen, 1991, Universalien I-III, Heidenheim 1997/98, supermatch, Leinehaus Hannover 2006, Bagno di Pecora, Park Hermannshof 2007, Death of Light, Maschsee Hannover 2009), Fotografien, Textarbeiten und Künstlerbücher.
Anlässlich der Einführung des Gerichtsverfassungsgesetzes am 1. Oktober 1879 wurden die bisherigen Land- und Stadtgerichte im Großherzogtum Hessen aufgehoben und durch Amtsgerichte an gleicher Stelle ersetzt, ebenso verfuhr man mit den als Obergerichten fungierenden Hofgerichten, deren Funktion nun die neu errichteten Landgerichte übernahmen. Die Bezirke des Stadt- und des Landgerichts Gießen wurden zusammengelegt und bildeten nun zusammen mit den vorher zum Landgericht Grünberg gehörigen Orten Allertshausen und Climbach den Bezirk des neu geschaffenen Amtsgerichts Gießen, welches seitdem zum Bezirk des als Obergericht neu errichteten Landgerichts Gießen gehört. Zwischen dem 1. Januar 1977 und 1. August 1979 trug das Gericht den Namen „Amtsgericht Lahn-Gießen“ der mit der Auflösung der Stadt Lahn wieder in „Amtsgericht Gießen“ umbenannt wurde. In der Bundesrepublik Deutschland sind die übergeordneten Instanzen des Amtsgerichts Gießen, das Landgericht Gießen, das Oberlandesgericht Frankfurt am Main sowie der Bundesgerichtshof als letzte Instanz.
Der Drehbuchautor Gavin (Ryan Reynolds) ist der Besitzer des Hauses aus Teil eins und wird im Stile einer Dokumentation bei der Produktion einer neuen Fernsehserie mit dem Titel „Knowing“ beobachtet. Er kann sich gegenüber seiner Produzentin Susan (Hope Davis) durchsetzen, die Rolle der Hauptdarstellerin mit seiner langjährigen Freundin Melissa (Melissa McCarthy, die in diesem Teil sich selbst spielt) zu besetzen. Bei einer Testvorführung wird Gavin trotz Einwegspiegel von einem Zuschauer direkt angesprochen, der ihm mitteilt, dass alles nicht real sei und das Ende bevorstehe. Susan weist ihn an, besonders auf die Testzuschauer zu achten, die dem Film die Bewertung 9 gegeben haben. Gavin schreibt daraufhin auf einen Notizzettel „Achte auf die Neunen“ (der gleiche Zettel wie aus dem ersten Teil). Nach weiteren Gesprächen mit den Produzenten teilt Susan Gavin mit, dass Melissa durch eine attraktivere jüngere Schauspielerin ausgetauscht werden soll. Als Gavin Melissa über die Entscheidung informiert, kommt es zum Streit. Später erfährt Gavin, dass seine Show von den Produzenten abgelehnt wurde, und stellt Susan zur Rede. Diese teilt ihm mit, dass sie mit dieser Aktion nur ihn und Melissa auseinanderbringen wollte. Während des folgenden Streits schlägt Gavin Susan, die ihn daraufhin spöttisch fragt: „Glaubst du, du bist ein Mann/Mensch? Das bist du nicht.“. Gavin flieht auf die Straße und sagt dem Team der Dokumentation, es solle ihn in Ruhe lassen. Eine Passantin fragt ihn, mit wem er reden würde, und Gavin erkennt, dass das Dokumentationsteam nicht existiert. Er sieht sich um und sieht über den Köpfen der Menschen die Ziffer sieben schweben, während über seinem Kopf eine neun schwebt. In einer Rückblende sieht man das Gespräch zwischen Gary und Margaret aus dem ersten Teil, in dem sie ihm mitteilt, dass er ein höherdimensionales Wesen sei, welches die Welt mit einem einzigen Gedanken zerstören könne. Gary glaubt ihr nicht, was dazu führt, dass er die Welt – wie in Teil eins gesehen – zerstört.
Plá, der der Partido Colorado angehörte, saß in der vierten und fünften Legislaturperiode vom 28. Oktober 1841 bis zum 14. Februar 1846 als Abgeordneter für das Departamento Maldonado in der Cámara de Representantes.
Kurz danach in der Flur Breitenwiese betrieb sie früher die Rotmühle. Die Steinach mäandert dort leicht. Von der Steinach spaltet sich nun ein Mühlgraben ab, welcher früher die Ölmühle und südlich der Ziegelhütte die Schulzenmühle antrieb. Der Mühlgraben fließt etwas später wieder mit dem Bach zusammen. Gleich danach spaltet sich ein neuer Mühlgraben von der Steinach ab.
Der Ort wird im Jahr 768 und in den folgenden Jahren mehrfach in Urkunden genannt. Auf Bildechinger Gemarkung existiert auch die rund 2000 Jahre alte Bildechinger Viereckschanze, die auf eine zumindest vorübergehende, längere Besiedlung des Gebietes bereits in vorchristlicher Zeit hindeutet.
Dieser kleine, blau-silberne Schwarmfisch (nur die Flossen sind gewöhnlich braun) kommt eine relativ kleine Strecke weit an der Küste S-Kaliforniens (selten British Columbia bis Baja California) vor, ist dort aber häufig und gehört, da er leicht an jede Angel geht, zu den am meisten erbeuteten Fischen der Brandungsfischer. Er wird max. 30 cm lang. Er kann gebraten werden, zählt aber nicht zu den bevorzugten Speisefischen. Nachts hält er sich in Tiefen bis 150 m auf (bes. über Sandboden), wo er Würmer, Krebstiere und kleinere Fische erbeutet (sein Maul ist auffallend groß), d. h. sein Aufenthalt tagsüber in Küstennähe, bes. an Molen, Buhnen, Pieren und Steinschüttungen, schützt ihn vor den Fressfeinden des tieferen Wassers. Sonst unterscheidet er sich wenig von den anderen Umbern.- Bes. um Australien heißt „Queenfish“ die Makrele Scomberoides commersonnianus.
Während seines Fluges vollführt der Diskus eine ballistische Kurve. Einfluss auf die Weite haben auch die Rotation des Diskus, sein Winkel gegenüber der anströmenden Luft sowie Luftbewegungen. Dabei sind drei Effekte zu berücksichtigen:
Franz Brill: Franz Carl Guilleaume. In: Rheinisch-Westfälische Wirtschaftsbiographien. Band 7, Aschendorffsche Verlagsbuchhandlung, Münster (Westfalen) 1960, S. 25–47.
Am 1. Juli 1971 wurde Bildechingen im Rahmen der Gemeindereform ein Stadtteil der Stadt Horb am Neckar, die später Große Kreisstadt wurde. Am Ort befinden sich ein Kindergarten und eine Grundschule. In Erfüllung der Eingemeindungsvereinbarung mit der Stadt Horb konnte am 8. Juni 1974 die Turn- und Festhalle ihrer Bestimmung übergeben werden. 1991 wurde der Kindergartenneubau in der „Breite“ bezogen.
Umschrift bzw. Romanisierung in anderen Sprachen Zur Verständlichkeit für Leser in den anderen entsprechenden Sprachen wird normalerweise phonetisch in die vertraute Orthographie transkribiert. Zum Beispiel werden die ukrainischen Buchstaben uй, х, ч, ш, щ anglophon als y, kh, ch, sh anders transkribiert als in deutschsprachigen Umschriften, wo diese meist mit j, ch, tsch, sch, schtsch wiedergegeben werden, oder sie können in lateinischen Buchstaben nach der üblichen Orthographie anderer slawischen Sprachen, wie Polnisch, Tschechisch oder Kroatisch (ebenso wie mit den etablierten wissenschaftlichen Systemen) wiedergegeben werden. Diese bekannten Transkriptionen sind eine zuverlässige Methode, um die ukrainische Entsprechung in einer bestimmten Zielsprache zu geben. Die deutsche Sprache verwendet ebenfalls ihre eigene Transkription des Ukrainischen. Wenn man einen Text, in dem ukrainischen Namen und/oder Wörter vorkommen, transkribiert, sollte immer berücksichtigt werden, in welcher Sprache das Ausgangsmaterial vorliegt. Eine Variante wurde vom British Museum und von der British Library verwendet, wird aber seit 1975 in ihren neuen Akquisitionen katalogisiert Library of Congress Transliteration.
Der Gouda stammt ursprünglich aus den Städten Stolwijk und Haastrecht, aus der Region Krimpenerwaard südlich der gleichnamigen Stadt Gouda, im Westen der Niederlande. Seinen Namen verdankt er auch dieser, von deren Markt aus sich der Ruf dieses Käses in alle Welt verbreitet hat. Die erste urkundliche Erwähnung des Gouda-Käses findet sich bereits 1184. Damit ist Gouda eine der ältesten schriftlich belegten Käsesorten, die bis in unsere Zeit hergestellt und gehandelt werden.
Grünenwald hielt zahllose lokalhistorische Vorträge, schrieb mehr als 200 Buchrezensionen und mindestens ebenso viele Beiträge zu allen Gebieten der Heimatgeschichte. Zu seinen Spezialgebieten gehörte die Pfälzische Kirchengeschichte und das Volksbrauchtum sowie alte Handwerke. Eine interessante Beschreibung gab er beispielsweise über das Aschenbrennen in den heimatlichen Wäldern ab, das er noch aus eigener Anschauung kannte.Lukas Grünenwald war befreundet mit dem heimatgeschichtlich ebenfalls interessierten Pfarrer Heinrich Georg Rung, seinem Normannia-Bundesbruder aus der gemeinsamen Würzburger Studentenzeit, mit dem er auch den gleichen Geburtsort teilte. Ihm hielt er am 25. Februar 1931, in Anwesenheit von Bischof Ludwig Sebastian von Speyer und des pfälzischen Regierungspräsidenten Theodor Pfülf, auf dem Ramberger Friedhof die Grabrede.
Wichtige, dem Gedanken des Ensembles folgende Einzelausstellungen hatte Bier u.a. 1993 in der Städtischen Ausstellungshalle Münster, 1999 im Kunstverein Hannover, 2001 im Kunstverein Friedrichshafen, 2002 im Kunstmuseum Heidenheim und 2004 in der Galerie Bilkin in Bilbao. Teile seines Langzeitprojekts der Portraits of Unseen People - einer auf über 300 angewachsenen Serie von gemalten imaginären Porträts, die er 2004 mit einem Stipendium für New York begann - waren 2009 im Kunstmuseum Celle zu sehen.
In der Ausgangsstellung zeigt der Rücken des Sportlers in Wurfrichtung. Er steht am hinteren Kreisrand. Die Beine stehen etwas über Schulterbreite auseinander. In einer lockeren, leicht sitzenden Haltung ruht das Körpergewicht auf beiden Vorderbeinen. Der Arm mit dem Diskus hängt locker pendelnd seitlich am Körper herab.
Schulhaus mit Lehrerwohnungen von 1869 (gegenüber der Nikolauskirche, heute Kindergarten). Ensemble: Dreigeschossiger Walmdachbau mit Kniestock, 1885 aufgestockt. Ehemaliges Spritzenhaus: kleiner Ziegelbau mit Walmdach. Lehrerwohnung als dreiteiliger eingeschossiger Bruchsteinbau mit Kniestock, die wohl um 1885 errichtet wurden.
Es gab zwei Untersuchungsausschüsse; 1 Konstituierung des Verteidigungsausschuss als Untersuchungsausschuss Verteidigungsausschuss als Untersuchungsausschuss "Untersuchung des Unfalles und der damit zusammenhängenden Rettungsaktion von Oberleutnant Siegfried Arndt vom 18. Juli 1966 (1966–1967)
Im Jahr 1708 reparierte Johann Josua Mosengel aus Königsberg die Orgel. Ab 1713 war sein aus Angerburg stammender Schüler Georg Barsenick mit der Pflege des Instruments beauftragt. Ein Reparaturkostenanschlag aus dem Jahr 1754 von Johann Preuß nennt für das Instrument 30 Stimmen, dabei fünf Rohrwerke, sowie vier Bälge. Preuß änderte die Disposition im Hauptwerk.
Vratislav von Pernstein (tschechisch Vratislav z Pernštejna; * um 1463; † 16. Januar 1496) war ein mährisch-böhmischer Adliger. Ab 1487 bekleidete er das Amt des Oberstlandkämmerers von Mähren. Er entstammte dem Adelsgeschlecht der Herren von Pernstein.
Der Kampf im Diskuswurf wurde offiziell erstmals zu den Olympischen Spielen um 708 v. Chr. ausgetragen. Damals musste der Athlet noch von einem 60 mal 70 cm großen Podest werfen. Der Diskuswerfer war damals der Inbegriff des Athleten und hoch angesehen, was mit daran lag, dass es den Diskuswurf – im Gegensatz zur Neuzeit – nie als Einzeldisziplin, sondern immer nur in Kombination mit anderen Disziplinen gab. So war der Diskuswurf zum Beispiel ein Bestandteil des antiken Fünfkampfes.
Als Vratislavs Bruder Wilhelm 1482 das nach dem Tod von Bertold/Pertold von Leipa verwaiste Amt des Oberstlandmarschalls des Königreichs Böhmen übernahm, beabsichtigte er, das von ihm seit 1474 bekleidete Amt des Oberstlandkämmerers von Mähren an Vratislav zu übertragen. Obwohl er hierzu die Zustimmung sowohl des ungarischen Königs Matthias Corvinus, der die Regentschaft über Mähren ausübte, als auch des böhmischen Königs Vladislavs II. eingeholt hatte, kam es, möglicherweise wegen Vratislavs jugendlichem Alter, erst 1487 zu der Amtsübergabe.
Das Wappen wurde am 29. März 1996 verliehen. Die Axt symbolisiert die Rodung des Orts, die Spindel die traditionelle Textilindustrie seit dem Mittelalter, die Wellen den Fluss Wipper.
Die Richard Neumayer Gesellschaft für Umformtechnik mbH ist ein mittelständischer Zulieferer im Bereich der Massivumformung und Zerspanung. Das Unternehmen hat seinen Sitz in Hausach im Schwarzwald.
Standard Ukrainian Transliteration — multistandard bidirectional online transliteration (BGN/PCGN, scholarly, national, ISO 9, ALA-LC, etc.) (in Ukrainian)
ein Flugzeug für Piloten von Kampfflugzeugen (basic combat trainer) mit der Bezeichnung BC-51, aus dem später die BC-3 für das United States Army Air Corps wurde
Ein Beispiel zur Anwendung: Niederländische Tuchwaren wurden nach der Flämischen Elle gemessen, aber nach der English Ell verkauft.Es waren die Verhältnisse zum Yard folgende:
Durch zahlreiche Stiftungen hat der Bischof zu Lebzeiten für sein Seelenheil sorgen wollen. Dem Kloster Oelinghausen etwa stiftete er Memorien im Wert von 10.000 Reichstalern. Auch für die Ausstattung der Kapelle auf dem Fürstenberg kam er auf. Im Paderborner Dom stiftete er für 23.000 Reichstaler eine Memorie. Vor der Stadt Paderborn ließ er eine Kapelle renovieren.
1995 eröffnete das „Sport- und Gesundheitszentrum Quellenhof“ seine Pforten. In dieser Einrichtung gehören Tennis und Badminton zum Freizeitangebot, genau wie Indoorsoccer. Diese Sporteinrichtungen sind seit 2010 jedoch geschlossen. Geblieben ist das Studio REHA-SPORT GmbH. Durch das Ärztehaus, in dem auch Physiotherapie und Reha-Sport zu Hause sind, ist die medizinische Versorgung für den Stadtteil Biskirchen und die umliegenden Orte größtenteils sichergestellt.
Am 1. April 1885 begann der Pädagoge seine berufliche Tätigkeit als Gymnasialassistent in Speyer. Dann versetzte man ihn nach Neustadt an der Weinstraße (Kurfürst-Ruprecht-Gymnasium), wo er am 1. Januar 1889 zum Gymnasiallehrer avancierte. 1895 ging Grünenwald nach Speyer zurück. Hier wurde er 1898 Gymnasialprofessor, 1913 Konrektor und am 1. September 1918 Rektor und Schulleiter. Zum 1. April 1920 erfolgte die Beförderung als Oberstudienrat, am 1. August gleichen Jahres wurde er Oberstudiendirektor und mit Wirkung vom 1. April 1923 trat Lukas Grünenwald in den Ruhestand. Seine Heimatgemeinde Dernbach ernannte ihn am 11. Dezember 1925 zu ihrem Ehrenbürger. Er gehörte dem Kirchenvorstand der Speyerer Dompfarrei an (Fabrikrat).
Der Synagogenbezirk Andernach mit Sitz in Andernach, heute eine Stadt im Landkreis Mayen-Koblenz im nördlichen Rheinland-Pfalz, wurde nach dem Preußischen Judengesetz von 1847 geschaffen.
31. Juli: Wolfgang Gundling, deutscher protestantischer Prediger, Diakon und Kapitelsdekan und Kirchenschriftsteller (* 1637) 11. August: Václav (Jan) Rosa, tschechischer Sprachwissenschaftler, Dichter und Rechtsanwalt (* etwa 1620)
Schloss Pierrefonds – Die Vorstellungen des Architekten Viollet-Le-Duc (Pierrefonds, Frankreich / Eugène Viollet-le-Duc). Erstausstrahlung am 30. Juli 1998.
August Bergmann: Münzen, Masse und Gewichte aller Staaten der Erde unter besonderer Berücksichtigung des deutschen Reichs. L. Huberti, 1903, S. 29.
Die erste französische Mannschaftsmeisterschaft fand im Jahre 1980 auf Initiative des Straßburger Schachvereins statt. Die ersten fünf Ausgaben wurden vom elsässischen Team gewonnen. Nachdem die anderen Mannschaften begannen Profi-Spieler zu verpflichten, wendete sich das Blatt. In den folgenden Jahren konnte der CE Strasbourg an ehemalige Erfolge nicht anknüpfen. Mitte 1980er dominierte der Verein aus Clichy den Wettbewerb, dann wurde er von Lyon-Oyonnax Échecs von der Spitze verdrängt. Der Lyoner Verein, dem damals hervorragende Spieler wie Waleri Salow, Viswanathan Anand und Wladimir Kramnik angehörten, holte den Meistertitel sechs Mal nacheinander und gewann außerdem den European Club Cup 1993 und 1994. Doch dann verschlechterte sich die Finanzlage des Klubs dramatisch, was zum Abstieg aus der obersten Division führte. In den nächsten Jahren kämpften Clichy, Monaco und Auxerre mit wechselndem Erfolg um die Siegespalme. Dies änderte sich 2003, als der Pariser NAO Chess Club, gesponsert von der syrischen Geschäftsfrau Nahed Ojjeh, mehrere erstklassige Spieler engagieren konnte. Ähnlich wie bei Lyon-Oyonnax, kehrte NAO Chess von den vier darauffolgenden Meisterschaften mit dem Titel zurück und sammelte weitere Meriten mit dem Gewinn vom European Club Cup 2003 und 2004. Die Zusammenarbeit zwischen dem Pariser Verein und Nahed Ojjeh nahm sein Ende im Jahre 2006.
09. Juli: Alexis Piron, französischer Jurist und Schriftsteller († 1776) 08. August: Wenzel Lorenz Reiner, Maler des Barock in Böhmen († 1743)
1842 wurde eine Industrieschule eröffnet, 1878 eine Poststelle. 1902 wurde mit der Inbetriebnahme der Lumdatalbahn ein Anschluss ans Eisenbahnnetz hergestellt. 1904 bekommt Allendorf eine Wasserleitung und Kanalisation, 1912 Anschluss an das Stromnetz.
Die Kirche wurde als evangelische Kirche im Jahr 1611 fertiggestellt. 1729 wurde sie um einen Querflügel erweitert. Der Abschluss des Turms erfolgte 1741, Turmhaube und Laterne wurden 1829 aufgesetzt. Seit 1945 firmiert das Gotteshaus als katholische Kirche St. Peter und Paul.
Die Pariser Stadtpaläste: Hôtel de Soubise und Hôtel de Rohan (Frankreich / Pierre-Alexis Delamair und Germain Boffrand). Produktion 2012, Erstausstrahlung am 7. Juli 2013.
Hoffnung nach der Katastrophe – Das "Haus für alle" in Rikuzentakata (Rikuzentakata, Japan). Produktion 2013, Erstausstrahlung am 11. Oktober 2015.
Die I-V e-Learning Platform, mit 50 Web-Kursen und Seminaren in den Bereichen EI, Modellierung, Ontologien und Architektur & Plattformen anbietet
Zwei Tage später, am 4. Juli 1945, explodierte ein Munitionszug auf dem Gelände der Fabrik und zerstörte Tagesanlagen und Fördereinrichtungen weitestgehend. 1953 erfolgte die Übernahme durch das Kaliwerk Sollstedt und Teile der Anlagen wurden als Wetterschacht benutzt.
Der Golf von Fethiye ist eine große Bucht im Südwesten der Türkei. Im Osten des Golfes liegt die gleichnamige Stadt Fethiye und im Nordwesten der Stadt Göcek. Die Golfküste beginnt bei der Halbinsel Kapıdağı am Kap Kurdoğlu und endet südlich des historischen Ortes Kayaköy am Kap İlbis (früher Karmylassos) im Osten. Innerhalb des teilweise bis zu 200 Meter tiefen Golfes befinden sich zwölf kleinere bis mittlere Inseln. Die größten Inseln sind Domuz, Göcek, Yassıcalar, Tersane, Katrancık, Delitaş, Kızıl und Zeytin.
6. September: Im Vertrag von Nertschinsk mit Russland, der ersten mit einer europäischen Macht getroffenen Vereinbarung Chinas, wird der Amur zwischen beiden Staaten zum Grenzfluss.
Die Mitglieder organisieren sich in "Pole"s, dabei stellt ein "Pole" eine Menge aus Partnern innerhalb einer geographischen Region, innerhalb eines Staates oder einer Gruppe von Staaten dar. Die Aktivitäten der einzelnen Organisationen werden auf europäischer Ebene koordiniert.
Am Dollberg befindet sich eine kleine Ferienhaussiedlung. Für Kanutouren auf der Lahn finden sich Anlegestellen, Fahrradtouristen werden mit Sonderzügen bedient. Der Leuner Jugendzeltplatz bietet allen Bootswanderern eine kostenpflichtige Übernachtungsmöglichkeit. Zunehmender Beliebtheit erfreut sich auch der Wandertourismus, insbesondere entlang der Hohen Straße.
Christian Immanuel Kind: Die Chronik des Hans Fründ, Landschreiber zu Schwytz. Allgemeine Geschichtsforschende Gesellschaft der Schweiz, Zürich 1875 (online).
Der finnische Wohltäter Veikko Hursti (1924–2005) war der Ansicht, dass auch die gesellschaftlich Benachteiligten den Unabhängigkeitstag feiern sollten und organisierte daher jahrzehntelang die „Präsidentenschlossfeier für Arme“ auf dem Hakaniemi -Marktplatz in Helsinki. Den Besuchern wird ein warmes Mittagessen serviert und auf Anfrage bekamen sie auch Kleidungsstücke von privaten Altkleidersammlungen. Die gesamte Veranstaltung wird ehrenamtlich organisiert. Seit Hurstis Tod führt sein Sohn Heikki Hursti die humanitäre Tradition fort.
Seit der Reformation war die überwiegende Bevölkerung der Stadt Leun evangelisch. Die Leuner Gläubigen hielten sich dabei streng an die evangelisch-reformierte Auslegung des protestantischen Glaubens, was noch heute an den Kirchengebäuden in Leun und Biskirchen gut sichtbar ist.
Bernterode liegt im Tal der Wipper ungefähr neun Kilometer östlich von Leinefelde-Worbis im Eichsfelder Kessel zwischen den Höhenzügen des Ohmgebirges und der Bleicheröder Berge im Norden und des Dün im Süden. Unmittelbar eingerahmt wird die Ortslage vom Herrenberg (373 m) und Dachsberg (341 m) im Süden und dem Höllberg (353 m) im Norden.
Am Morgen des Unabhängigkeitstages wird die finnische Flagge feierlich auf dem Hügel Tähtitorninmäki in Helsinki gehisst, wo sich das Observatorium der Universität Helsinki befindet. In ganz Finnland ist der Unabhängigkeitstag ein offizieller Beflaggungstag. Sowohl an Schulen und öffentlichen Gebäuden als auch vor privaten Wohnhäusern wird geflaggt. Die Beflaggungszeit ist zwischen 8 und 20 Uhr.
Recherches archéologiques à Begram: chantier n° 2 (1937), avec la collaboration de Marie Hackin (= Mémoires de la Délégation archéologique française en Afghanistan Bd. 9). Les Éditions d'art et d'histoire, Paris 1939.
1986 veranstaltete das Musée Guimet die Ausstellung Paris – Tokyo – Begram. Hommage à Joseph Hackin (1886–1941) anlässlich des 100. Geburtstages seines ehemaligen Direktors. 1987 veranstaltete das Musée d’Histoire et d’Art in Luxemburg eine Gedächtnisausstellung für das Ehepaar unter dem Titel Joseph et Ria Hackin. Couple d’origine luxembourgeoise au service des arts asiatiques et de la France.
In den 1990er Jahren wurde südlich der Bahnlinie die Kirche „Christus König“ als moderner Zentralbau erbaut. Der kreisrunde Innenraum wird durch Lichtbänder im Zeltdach beleuchtet.
katholische Ortskirche St. Nikolaus (1955), bereits vor dem Zweiten Vatikanischen Konzil mit zentralem Altarraum ausgestattet, Altar- und Kreuzweggestaltung durch Heinz Hemrich, Glaswand in der Kapelle von Peter Paul Etz
La ciudad de San Cristóbal es sede del Hospital General Docente "Comandante Pinares". Con más de 400 camas, este moderno Hospital brinda servicios a todo el oeste de la Provincia de Artemisa.
2014 debía de ser la temporada de la consagración de Elissonde, pero no fue así. Comenzó su temporada de nuevo en el Tour de Omán pero no repitió el éxito del año pasado, y esta vez fue 21.º en la clasificación general final. En el Tour de l'Ain en el que el año pasado se llevó la clasificación de los jóvenes, solo puso ser 13.º.
En su travesía se encuentran con Gaff, un robot nómada, guardián de la familia Eón, cuya misión es proteger al Puño, a los miembros del clan Eón, e impedir que el cuerpo robot del malvado General se reconstruya en algún laboratorio secreto y lejano. En compañía de Ally, Marty emprende entonces un largo camino de instrucción y desarrollo propio del único ser humano capaz de desarrollar los heroicos planes que la familia Eón le tenía reservados, en donde, de a poco, se va transformando en el último heredero de la familia Eón.
Chile también está ansioso por establecer nuevos mercados de exportación en Rusia por su creciente producción de arándanos. Ha expuesto al último espectáculo de IFE en Moscú por primera vez. En 2007-2008 Rusia sobrepasó a España, convirtiéndose en el tercer mayor mercado de exportación de frutas de Chile, con exportaciones globales al país (principalmente manzanas y uvas de mesa) creciendo en un 59 por ciento, de 64.554 a 102.321 toneladas.[16]​
Su resultado más destacado de la temporada llegó en la Ruta del Sur, en el que logró un buen 7.º puesto en la general, además de ser 4.º en su etapa reina entre Bagnères-de-Bigorre y Val-Louron y 15.º en la etapa de Saint-Gaudens a Castres. También obtuvo un 12.º puesto en la etapa reina del Dauphiné Liberé acabada en el Col du Béal. Sorprendentemente se quedó fuera del equipo del Tour de Francia en el que se veía como un buen complemento a Thibaut Pinot.
Mayoritariamente la población caldense es mestiza y blanca, los pueblos y asentamientos indígenas ocupan el segundo lugar y por último las comunidades afro descendientes.
La tarjeta de fidelización o fidelidad, que también se conoce como tarjeta de beneficios y descuentos o tarjeta de puntos, es el soporte físico de programas que ofrecen bonificaciones (descuentos, premios etc.) al titular cuando consume productos de la empresa emisora de la tarjeta.
Impresionado con los buenos informes de Pardo, Menéndez ordenó una segunda expedición. El 1 de septiembre de 1567, Pardo partió de nuevo, llevando aproximadamente entre 90 y 120 hombres, en siguiendo el valle de Catawba y las montañas de Carolina del Norte —y esta vez en Tennessee— en busca de un camino seguro hasta las minas de plata de Zacatecas. Durante el viaje, fueron alimentados por los indios que había almacenados maíz exclusivamente para los españoles. Antes de regresar a Jaora, Pardo se reunió con Guatari Mico y Orata Chiquini, dos caciques femeninas. Después de una corta estancia en Jaora, en el fuerte San Juan —donde supo que los nativos estaban disgustados por las demandas de comida, mujeres y canoas de los españoles así como por la introducción de nuevas enfermedades— Pardo se dirigió hacia las montañas para ayudar a Moyano. Los españoles se detuvieron en Tacoe (cerca de Asheville) y en Cauchi (cerca de Marshall) antes de viajar hacia el este de Tennessee, donde se encontró con Moyano y sus hombres que estaban encerrados en un fuerte, pero ilesos. Más tarde viajando a través de las Grandes Montañas Humeantes (Great Smoky Mountains), Pardo, debido a un informe de un indio amistoso, evitó un ataque por sorpresa y decidió regresar a Santa Elena. En el regreso, Pardo y sus hombres construyeron dos fuertes más. La segunda expedición terminó el 2 de marzo 1568, cuando los españoles llegaron a Santa Elena.
La ciudad ocupa una estrecha franja de tierra a lo largo de la costa oriental de la bahía de Manila. Navotas está situada al norte de Manila, al oeste de Malabón, y al sur de Obando en Bulacan.
También pueden funcionar como complemento directo sintagmas preposicionales encabezados por "a" si éste se refiere a personas, animales u objetos animados y además esa oración carece de complemento indirecto.
La década de 1950 trajo mucho éxito para Sutton, aunque el equipo se dice que ha progresado fuera del campo. Los activos fueron transferidos a una sociedad de responsabilidad limitada, algo que era inusual para la época. Además, la tribuna principal que se construyó, hoy cuenta con más de 700 espectadores. No fue sino hasta George Smith se convirtió en gerente de que el éxito devueltos;. El título de la Liga ateniense fue ganado por tercera vez en 1958 y el club ganó la Londres Senior Cup por primera vez. Progresando en los años 60 bajo Sid Cann el período más exitoso de Sutton. En 1963, el club llegó a Wembley en la FA Copa Amateur, pero perdió 4-2 ante el Wimbledon.
Ally es una chica prodigio, cuyas capacidades son usadas por el duque Von Rhymer para descifrar unos códigos informáticos que permiten reactivar el destructivo arsenal del General, que pronto revivirá para desatar una nueva guerra. Cuando Ally se entera de la verdad, huye de la Torre de Hierro, lugar en donde pasó su infancia bajo la vigilancia del duque, y se une a Marty para vivir con él este largo recorrido a Ciudad Cristal.
Manfredo IV del Vasto continuó la política que inició su padre centrada en el desarrollo del marquesado. Su padre convirtió a Saluzzo en una ciudad libre gobernada por un alcalde en su nombre, pero fue Manfredo el que desarrolló un contrato que definía las normas y relaciones entre el marqués y la ciudad.
El nombre de Punta Maldonado fue puesto en una clara alusión al poblado cercado de Maldonado, el cual se localiza dentro del mismo municipio, posteriormente de la construcción de un faro el poblado empezó a ser conocido como "El Faro".
La salsa incluye trufas y setas finamente picadas que proporcionan un aroma característico. Algunas recetas incluyen jamón finamente picado. La pasta resultante se calienta en un medio graso como puede ser mantequilla o aceite. En ciertas ocasiones se emplea la salsa Périgord en combinación con otras salsas como puede ser la española.
Sakanagi es una niña de primaria bastante madura para su edad. Es fría y calculadora, e increíblemente fuerte para combatir con otros hasta la muerte. En un principio, ella es una de las subordinadas de Ruler, admirándola como a una princesa, pero después de que Nemurin le dijera en sueños que cualquier niña puede ser una princesa, ella planea un motín en contra de Ruler para eliminarla y así ella quedar a cargo, aunque en realidad lo lamenta y a menudo se pregunta cómo haría las cosas Ruler. Al transformarse su aspecto es de una chica mayor, de cabello rosado y con audífonos grandes, su traje es parecido a un bañador. Su habilidad es transformarse y transformar todo en agua, pudiendo evitar ataques y atravesar cualquier cosa sin embargo es vulnerable a la luz y el sonido por lo que una fuerte ráfaga la aturdiría reingresando a la normalidad. Aparentemente es una sociopata que no distingue bien entre el bien y el mal, matando a otras Chicas Mágicas sin dudar o incluso sentir remordimiento alguno, sin embargo, parece haberse sentido un poco afectada por la muerte de Tama. Ella es la décimo cuarta y última Chica Mágica en morir al ser asesinada por Ripple como venganza de Top Speed.
Este investigador británico, formado en Cambridge en biología y en antropología, marcó pautas y nuevos enfoques que han trascendido a otros campos disciplinarios como la filosofía y la misma epistemología. Incluyó este concepto para explicar los fundamentos epistemológicos que propone. Anota lo siguiente:
Pertenece al eje cafetero y a la región Paisa. Fue creado en 1905, fruto de la reforma a la división político- administrativa propuesta por el general Rafael Reyes Prieto, quien asumió la presidencia en 1904. Hasta 1966 comprendió los territorios que ocupan los departamentos de Risaralda y Quindío, que se segregaron. A esta unión se le conoce popularmente como El Viejo Caldas, El Gran Caldas o La Mariposa Verde.
Mary Dyer y su esposo regresaron a Inglaterra con Roger Williams y John Clarke en 1652, cuando Mary Dyer se unió a la Sociedad Religiosa de los Amigos (cuáqueros) al oír los sermones del fundador de la sociedad, George Fox,[2]​ Finalmente llegó a ser una predicadora cuáquera.
Moyle, P. y J. Cech.: Fishes: An Introduction to Ichthyology, 4a. edición, Upper Saddle River, Nueva Jersey, Estados Unidos: Prentice-Hall. Año 2000.
En Montecarlo los Fiat abandonaron, el Lancia Stratos de Sandro Munari venció consiguiendo así su tercer victoria consecutiva en la prueba monegasca. Segundo fue Jean-Claude Andruet y tercero el español Antonio Zanini con un Seat 124. En Suecia fiasco para Fiat, Markku Alén volcó tras quedarse sin luces. La prueba sería para el Saab de Stig Blomqvist, acompañado en el podio por los Opel. El cuarto puesto de Simo Lampinen situaba a Fiat líder la clasficación. En Portugal, los Fiat no fallaron, y la prueba fue un duelo entre el vencedor Markku Alén y Ari Vatanen hasta que este se salió. En el duro Rally Safari, Fiat decidió mandar solo al Stratos que finalizó tercero. Solo terminaron doce coches. Fiat se situó empate a puntos con Ford, la cual al verse con opciones decidió mandar a Nueva Zelanda a Ari Vatanen, en contra de los planes iniciales.[1]​ En el Rally de Nueva Zelanda, una dura prueba de seis días y 74 tramos,[2]​ algunos con más de cien kilómetros, el finlandés realizó una carrera memorable: se salió en dos ocasiones perdiendo 32 minutos, consiguió remontar hasta la segunda plaza a tan solo 1'34' de Bachelli. Vatanen incluso llegó a superar a los tres Fiat en algún tramo, que salían antes que él. En Rally Acrópolis los Fiat rompieron los palieres, excepto Lampinen que llevaba el modelo viejo y resistió. Doblete para Ford con Waldegard y Roger Clark en el podio. En el Rally de Finlandia, Markku Alén que iba líder con su Fiat 131, rompió el motor. En el podio de nuevo los Ford tuvieron a dos pilotos, esta vez a Kyosti Hamalainen de primero y a Waldegard de tercero. El finlandés salonen que había fichado por Fiat, consiguió una segunda plaza que mantuvo a la marca con 94 puntos cerca del líder, Ford con 100. Para la prueba de Canadá, Fiat mandó a cinco pilotos entre el que se encontraba Walter Rohrl y Ford envió a Ari Vatanen y a Roger Clark. Vatanen se mantuvo líder casi toda la prueba hasta que a falta de cuatro tramos, rompió el encendido dando la victoria a Salonen, y el compañero de este Lampinen, arrebató la segunda plaza a Roger Clark.[1]​ En el Rally de San Remo, Munari rompió el motor y su compañero Carello se salió por culpa de la lluvia, cuando lideraba la prueba. Andruet, Verini y Tony coparon el podio con Waldegard en quinta posición. Fiat recuperó el liderato y en Córcega dictó sentencia. Para el Rally de Córcega, Ford solo envió a Jean Pierre Nicolas y a Russel Brookes que no tení experiencia en asfalto, esto sumado a la falta de asistencias provocaron que ambos pilotos se retiraran de la prueba. Munari por su parte volvió a salirse y Fiat y Lancia se alternaron en la prueba, donde Fiat se proclamaría campeona del mundo. En el Rally RAC, Ford volvió a dominar la prueba, con victoria para Bjorn Waldegard.[1]​
Rodolfo perteneció al equipo de escritores y dio vida al personaje de “Calixto” en el exitoso programa de televisión "¡¡Cachún Cachún Ra Ra!!", serie que se transmitió por el canal 2 de Televisa, durante los años de 1981 a 1987, bajo la producción de Luis de Llano Macedo, durante la barra de comedia.
Malpighi observó por primera vez células vivas y en 1675 confirmó la existencia de las células en tejidos vegetales. Al mejorar la tecnología para construir microscopios cada vez más potentes, los científicos lograron diferenciar la estructura interna de la célula. Comenzó sus estudios de medicina en la Universidad de Bolonia en 1649. Entró en la universidad a los 17 años, que después abandonó por dos años por causas familiares y luego volvió a retomar. En 1653, a la edad de 25 años, obtuvo el doctorado en medicina y filosofía. En 1656 ejerció como profesor auxiliar de anatomía en la misma universidad. Al poco tiempo se trasladó a la Universidad de Pisa como profesor de medicina teórica. Malpighi comenzó su amistad con Giovanni Alfonso Borelli, matemático, naturalista y partidario prominente de la Academia del Cimento, una de las primeras sociedades científicas del mundo. En Pisa permaneció durante cuatro años, tras los cuales regresó a Bolonia, donde de nuevo ejerce como profesor de medicina y se dedica a la enseñanza de la medicina práctica.
Matrimonios Cuasi-organizados, también llamados matrimonios asistidos, donde los dos individuos dan independientemente consentimiento y tienen derecho a rechazar, son una tema polémico. Activistas como Charlotte Bunch sugieren que los matrimonios arreglados por los padres y otros miembros de la familia, por lo general asumen la preferencia heterosexual e implican presión emocional; esto lleva a que algunos individuos consientan al matrimonio bajo presión.[108]​ Bunch sugiere que los matrimonios deben ser autónomos.
Rodica Mateescu (Bucarest, Rumania, 13 de marzo de 1971) es una atleta rumana, especializada en la prueba de triple salto en la que llegó a ser subcampeona mundial en 1997.[1]​
La abreviatura C.Morales se emplea para indicar a Concepción Morales Torres como autoridad en la descripción y clasificación científica de los vegetales. (consulte el listado de todos los géneros y especies descritos por este autor en IPNI).
Es característica su iglesia parroquial dedicada a San Pedro con un retablo barroco del siglo XVIII. Próxima a la Plaza Mayor, "Casa El Palaciano" fue escenario de algunas escenas de la película Tasio (1984) de Montxo Armendáriz.
En caso de guerra, el rey convocaba a los caballeros y les pedía ayuda militar. Los caballeros y sus vasallos acudían con sus tropas y formaban una mesnada. Una reunión de mesnadas conformaban una hueste.
El 20 de diciembre de 1827 se incicia el movimiento por la separación de Navotas y Bangkulasi, que eran entonces parte de Tambobong. Los representantes de ambas localidades solicitaron al gobierno español la separación de sus barrios para formar un nuevo municipio, objetivo que consiguieron el 6 de febrero de 1859. Cavada se convirtió en un municipio independiente.[3]​
Un capitán robot del CDF, líder de sus tropas. Es un fornido robot con armadura azul (similar a la que visten las tropas de tierra del CDF, aunque aparentemente de un nivel superior) que dispone de misiles múltiples, de cañones en sus brazos y de una superarma dual especial llamada "Gigacañón Tempestad". Magnum confía en su enorme potencia de fuego para atacar a distancia, aunque también se lo ha visto luchar cuerpo a cuerpo. Posee una enorme resistencia física, ya que es capaz de aguantar la mayoría de ataques de sus adversarios. Magnum es un guerrero extremadamente poderoso, que se hace valer por haber derrotado a los adversarios más fuertes; de hecho, fue capaz de plantar cara a Lluvia, de los Cuatro Barones Invencibles, y de retener él solo al Gigantor con su cañón. También se ha enfrentado a Scar, saliendo victorioso, a Khan y al General, contra el que no pudo hacer gran cosa debido a su inmenso poder.
Investigó en el papel de las papilas linguales y cutáneas en la fisiología del gusto y del tacto, respectivamente y la capa más profunda de la piel, que lleva su nombre (Epístolas anatómicas, 1662).
Se trata de un edificio compuesto de tres volúmenes; una torre y dos cuerpos para vivienda que forman una planta rectangular irregular. Su construcción es de mampostería con refuerzo de sillar en los vértices. La torre posee cuatro alturas. Es visible desde el exterior un considerable número de troneras y aspilleras para arma de fuego. La entrada original a la torre se sitúa desde el interior de la casa adosada, sin embargo muestra una apertura posterior directamente desde la calle. El tejado de la torre está cubierto a dos aguas. La entrada principal a todo el conjunto se realiza desde el cuerpo central, siendo este el de menor altura. Muestra la fachada de este volumen un gran portalón con arco de medio punto realizado en sillar con una pequeña hornacina sobre él. Más arriba, en el segundo piso, se abre una ventana adintelada con bloques monolíticos. En la parte lateral del conjunto, en el tercer volumen, se abren tres ventanas en vertical, cada una en una altura y todas ellas adinteladas, aunque de distinto tamaño.[1]​
Matrimonio arreglado difiere de un matrimonio autónomo - llamado matrimonio por amor en algunas partes del mundo - donde las personas encuentran y seleccionan sus propios cónyuges; los matrimonios arreglados, por el contrario, se fijan generalmente por los padres o un familiar mayor. En algunos casos, el matrimonio arreglado implica un casamentero como un sacerdote o líder religioso, un sitio web matrimonial, amigos en común o una tercera parte de confianza.
En este departamento es posible encontrar todos los pisos térmicos, desde los cálidos valles del río Magdalena y el río Cauca hasta las nieves perpetuas del Nevado del Ruiz. Predomina la topografía montañosa. Según un estudio de la Universidad del Rosario; en el 2014 Caldas fue el tercer departamento más competitivo de Colombia sólo superado por Bogotá D. C. y Antioquia.[6]​
Generalmente no lleva preposición para objetos inanimados, pero cuando se refiere a personas o seres animados se construye generalmente con la preposición «a»:
Durante las Guerras Carlistas, Mañeru aportó voluntarios a las líneas de los sucesivos pretendientes y colaboró con ellas de diversas formas y algunas acciones militares tuvieron lugar allí. Por ejemplo, en la tercera guerra carlista, la acción de Santa Bárbara de Mañeru fue un enfrentamiento en el que una columna liberal, mandada por el general Primo de Rivera fue obligada a retirarse por las tropas carlistas.
Como consecuencia de las múltiples bajas y deserciones del verano de 1944, cuando contaba con apenas pocos meses de existencia (más de 3.500 bajas incluyendo a los desertores), la División fue reformada y luego reunida con los restos de la 7ª SS División Prinz Eugen, antes de tomar parte en la Ofensiva de Belgrado en octubre de 1944. Para esa fecha los mandos alemanes ya no ocultaban su decepción por el mal desempeño de los reclutas albaneses de la SS Skanderbeg, donde apenas había 1.500 albaneses aptos para la lucha, siendo preciso reforzar la unidad con alemanes étnicos traídos de otras divisiones SS o de la Kriegsmarine.
El lanzamiento tuvo lugar el 3 de diciembre de 2014 desde el Centro Espacial de Tanegashima mediante un cohete espacial H-IIA.[1]​ La llegada al destino está prevista para junio de 2018, cuando se analizará el asteroide durante un año y medio, partiendo en diciembre de 2019 para alcanzar la Tierra un año después, en diciembre de 2020.[2]​
Además de su obra poética escribió varias obras de teatro, algunas de las cuales han sido representadas en festivales internacionales. Fue Director General de la Escuela de Bellas Artes y en los últimos años de su vida ocupó la Dirección General de Cultura.
La homeostasis (del griego ὅμοιος [homoios], «igual, similar»,[1]​ y στάσις [stásis], «estado, estabilidad»[2]​) es una propiedad de los organismos que consiste en su capacidad de mantener una condición interna estable compensando los cambios en su entorno mediante el intercambio regulado de materia y energía con el exterior (metabolismo). Se trata de una forma de equilibrio dinámico que se hace posible gracias a una red de sistemas de control realimentados que constituyen los mecanismos de autorregulación de los seres vivos. Ejemplos de homeostasis son la regulación de la temperatura y el balance entre acidez y alcalinidad (pH).
Manfredo IV del Vasto (1262 – Cortemilia, 16 de septiembre de 1330) fue marqués de Saluzzo entre 1296 y 1330. Fue el primogénito de Tomás I de Saluzzo y Luisa di Ceva.
Es una Chica Mágica muy poderosa su habilidad es controlar el sonido a voluntad, lo cual le sirve para engañar a sus oponentes, además tiene un sentido del oído muy desarrollado pudiendo escuchar los latidos del corazón de sus presas, además de poder realizar ataques muy destructivos de ondas de sonido. Ella es la décimo segunda Chica Mágica en morir siendo fácilmente asesinada por Tama y su habilidad.
El director alemám Ingo Metzmacher, contratado como director principal desde 2007, renunció a su puesto de forma anticipada en 2010 debido a discrepancias con la dirección de la orquesta, acerca de reducciones de plantilla.[1]​ [2]​ A partir de la temporada 2012 el director osetio Tugan Sokhiev asumió la dirección artística y musical, pero también anunció su retirada anticipada del puesto (a partir del final de la temporada 2015-2016), en este caso por incompatibilidad en la dedicación a su otro puesto de director del Teatro Bolshói.[3]​ La orquesta anunció en octubre de 2015 que el siguiente director musical será Robin Ticciati, con un contrato inicial de 5 años a partir de la temporada 2017-18.[4]​
(200112) 1995 UP57 es un asteroide perteneciente al cinturón de asteroides, descubierto el 17 de octubre de 1995 por el equipo del Spacewatch desde el Observatorio Nacional de Kitt Peak, Arizona, Estados Unidos.
El concepto fue aplicado por Walter Cannon en 1926,[3]​ en 1929[4]​ y en 1932,[5]​[6]​ para referirse al concepto de medio interno (milieu intérieur), publicado así en 1865 por Claude Bernard, referencia de la fisiología como se entiende en la actualidad.
121 a.C.: La victoria del ejército romano ante la coalición celta lleva a Helvie la anexión de la provincia y su romanización. En Thueyts se crea la Villa Vindicatis o Vindicatus, en la ubicación de la iglesia actual.
Navotas (Lungsod ng Navotas San José de Navotas) es una ciudad filipino de primera categoría perteneciente al Tercer Distrito de la Región de la Capital Nacional (NCR), también denominada Metro Manila.
Makoto es una chica independiente, que se vale por si misma. Trabaja medio tiempo en una tienda y casi nunca va a la escuela. Ella no estaba interesada en ser una Chica Mágica, y de hecho, su transformación fue un error, pues el celular en el que jugaba ni siquiera era suyo. De igual manera, no le desagrada tener habilidades de Chica Mágica. Su transformación es una "Chica Mágica del siglo XXII" teniendo una armadura que le da apariencia robótica, además de poder volar, su habilidades es el utilizar un artefacto del futuro cada día, pero esto no es tan beneficio, pues estos artefactos son completamente aleatorios, pudiendo ser inútiles en algunos casos, y no pueden utilizarse por más de 24 horas. Ella se une a Calamity Mary para beneficiarse y estafa a Sister Nana en cierta ocasión, dándole sus artefactos para que pudiera hacer que su pareja se vuelva una Chica Mágica. Ella es la cuarta Chica Mágica en morir siendo asesinada por Hardgore Alice cuando intento de matar a Snow White.
concepción Morales Torres, ana belén Robles Cruz, ana teresa Romero García. 1986. Algunas crucíferas interesantes para la flora de Granada. (España). Lazaroa 9: 147-156 en línea
El municipio de Germania se encuentra ubicado en las coordenadas 46°40′30″N 99°15′29″O. Según la Oficina del Censo de los Estados Unidos, el municipio tiene una superficie total de 93.09 km², de la cual 92,23 km² corresponden a tierra firme y (0,92 %) 0,86 km² es agua.[3]​
Una adaptación a anime con animación hecha por Lerche se emitió desde el 1 de octubre al 17 de diciembre de 2016 y transmitido simultáneamente por Crunchyroll. Tiene ilustraciones originales por Maruino, es dirigido por Hiroyuki Hashimoto y el guion fue hecho por Takao Yoshioka. El opening es "Sakebe" (叫べ, lit. "Grita") interpretado por Manami Numakura[22]​ y el ending es "DREAMCATCHER" interpretado por Nano.
La forma más habitual de reconocer un complemento directo es sustituirlo por los pronombres personales de acusativo "lo", "la", "los" y "las".
El Thor fue un mercante alemán, utilizado durante la Segunda Guerra Mundial por la Kriegsmarine bajo la denominación Schiff 10 ('Barco 10'). En su origen fue el refrigerador propulsado por turbinas Santa Cruz de la naviera Oldenburg-Portugiesischen Dampfschiffs-Rhederei, de Oldemburgo, utilizado en la línea de Hamburgo a las Islas Canarias y África. Bajo la denominación de Crucero de Intereferencia Comercial 4 (Handelsstörkreuzer 4, HSK 4) fue empleado como crucero auxiliar. Para denominarlo, se eligió el nombre del dios germánico del trueno. La Armada británica lo llamó Raider E.
El artículo 58 también se aplicaba fuera de la Unión Soviética. En la zona de ocupación soviética de Alemania las personas fueron internadas como "espías" por presunta oposición al régimen estalinista, por ejemplo para los contactos con organizaciones basadas en las zonas de ocupación occidentales, sobre la base del artículo 58 del Código Penal soviético.[1]​ En el campamento especial del NKVD en Bautzen, el 66% de los reclusos pertenecían a esta categoría.[1]​
Semoy es una población y comuna francesa, situada en la región de Centro, departamento de Loiret, en el distrito de Orléans y cantón de Saint-Jean-de-Braye.
Boyacá: Es el límite más pequeño que posee Caldas, al noreste del mismo, encontrándose sobre el río Magdalena, representada solamente por 2 municipios, La Dorada y Puerto Boyacá.
Este término fue introducido por W. B. Cannon en 1932, y designa la tendencia general de todo organismo al restablecimiento del equilibrio interno cada vez que éste es alterado. Estos desequilibrios internos, que pueden darse tanto en el plano fisiológico como en el psicológico, reciben el nombre genérico de necesidades.
Consistía en dos mitades - canciones producidas por Robert John "Mutt" Lange, responsable de bandas como Def Leppard, Shania Twain y otros discos de rock en los años 1980 y 1990 y las canciones fueron producidas por John Parr. El álbum fue un éxito de crítica, pero tuvo poco éxito en el mercado del AOR.
Esta obra contiene una traducción derivada de Sunday Tribune de Wikipedia en inglés, publicada por sus editores bajo la Licencia de documentación libre de GNU y la Licencia Creative Commons Atribución-CompartirIgual 3.0 Unported.
Pardo y los hombres restantes siguieron el río Catawba y visitaron los asentamientos de Quinahaqui (cerca de Catawba) y Guatari, una pequeña población de nativos guatari cerca de de la actual Salisbury (condado de Rowan), donde establecieron un segundo fuerte, Fuerte Santiago (donde quedaron cuatro soldados y el padre Sebastián Montero). En el camino, Pardo se reunió con algunos caciques (término español para los líderes tribales) y por medio de un intérprete, informó a los indios que eran súbditos españoles. Pardo también dejó atrás a su capellán y algunos soldados para evangelizar a los indios. Según el antropólogo/historiador Charles Hudson y como demuestra la segunda expedición, Pardo también debió de haber instruido a los indios para construir casas para las tropas españolas y para almacenar maíz exclusivamente para las tropas españolas. Mientras tanto, el sargento Moyano y sus hombres en el Fuerte San Juan buscaron minerales y ayudaron a una tribu rival a derrotar a los Chiscas. Mientras Pardo exploraba, el general Pedro Menéndez de Avilés, que temía un ataque francés, le ordenó, sin conocer las acciones de Moyano, que regresase a Santa Elena, adonde llegó de regreso el 7 de marzo de 1567.[3]​
Shannon Leigh Boxx (nacida el 29 de junio de 1977 en Fontana, California) es una futbolista estadounidense. Juega como mediocampista y ha formado parte de su selección nacional, ganando la medalla de oro en los Juegos Olímpicos de 2004.
Nana es una mujer amable, cariñosa y sensible, busca ayudar a todas y mantenerlas unidas sin embargo es muy ingenua no entendiendo que las demás chicas mágicas estaban dispuestas a matar por sobrevivir a pesar de sus buenas intenciones. Es pareja de Ashū desde la secundaria según parece, viven juntas y son muy unidas. Su transformación lleva un traje parecido al de una monja, pero usando un corsé. Su habilidad es aumentar las habilidades y poderes de las personas a las que quiere, siendo Weiss Winterprison la que se ve beneficiada a la hora de combate. Tras la muerte de Ashū, entra en depresión y eventualmente se suicida, convirtiéndose en la novena Chica Mágica en morir.
En Asia ocurrió un proceso paralelo. Mientras en Occidente el título de emperador había perdido buena parte de sus connotaciones religiosas en la Edad Moderna, el título en Asia oriental las había conservado enteramente. Comúnmente se denominaba hijo del cielo. Aquí el título denota un papel mayor y celestial (se habla de celeste imperio), en contraste con la figura de los reyes, que gobiernan cielos y tierra y por extensión los presidentes de república actuales, que tienen cargos terrenales. El Imperio Chino era una monarquía universal que veía a todos los demás reyes como tributarios. El concepto se desarrolló extensivamente por los mongoles,[17]​[18]​ que, bajo Genghis Khan fueron capaces de llevarlo más allá de China.
Gustavo Alfonso Ayón Aguirre (Zapotán, Nayarit, 1 de abril de 1985) es un jugador mexicano de baloncesto que milita en el Real Madrid de la ACB. Con 2,08 metros de estatura, juega en la posición de pívot.
Michael Rosenfeld dice[110]​ que las diferencias entre matrimonios autónomos y matrimonios cuasi-organizados es empíricamente pequeña; muchas personas se encuentran, tienen citas y deciden casarse o cohabitar con personas que tienen la misma procedencia, edad, intereses y clase social, factores que la mayoría de los padres utilizan para seleccionar su pareja, según Rosenfeld. Asumiendo que la cantidad de compañeros elegibles es grande, Rosenfeld sugiere que las diferencias entre los dos enfoques de los matrimonios no son tan grandes como algunos se podrían imaginar.[110]​ Otros[118]​ han expresado sentimientos similares a Rosenfeld.
Esta teoría,[53]​[54]​ es apoyada con la rápida caída observada en los matrimonios arreglados en las economías de rápido crecimiento de Asia. Los beneficios dados a los padres por las contribuciones de sus hijas solteras que ganan un salario se ha citado[55]​ como una razón a la creciente renuencia a ver a sus hijas casadas a una edad demasiado temprana.
Al encontrarse cerca de la capital nacional, Gleno sufrió durante la campaña de intimidación durante la época del referéndum para la independencia de Timor Oriental en 1999.
Estudió en la Universidad de Santo Domingo, donde obtuvo los títulos de Licenciado en Filosofía y Letras (1953) y de Doctor en Derecho (1955). En esa misma universidad dictó, durante varios años, cátedras de Historia Dominicana y Literatura y desempeñó los cargos de Director del Teatro Experimental Universitario, Director de Extensión Cultural y Director del Departamento de Relaciones Públicas e Internacionales.
En 1978, se casó con Patrick Chappuis, un joyero suizo y se divorció en el año 1985. Después de varios años dedicados a la vida familiar, Nicoletta por sorpresa en 1983 realiza con Bernard Lavilliers un dueto.
Cranberry tiene la apariencia de una persona tranquila y serena, que se la pasa tocando música, pero realmente es una sádica peleadora, dispuesta a exterminar a las otras puesto que cree que los únicos supervivientes son aquellos más fuertes. Su apariencia es la de una elfina del bosque, de orejas puntiagudas, de cabello corto color miel y con rosas en la cabeza y en su vestimenta.
Cundinamarca: Se encuentra al este de Caldas, comprende toda la rivera Caldense del Río Magdalena, representada por 3 municipios, de los cuales 2 son de Cundinamarca (Puerto Salgar y Guaduas) y La Dorada.
Finalmente, Marty es llevado a su segunda pelea, pero su rival queda noqueado, luego de que uno de los motociclistas, quisiera vengarse de él, peleando en la misma arena de combate.
Las actividades deportivas, se realizan exclusivamente en Manizales, por tener los escenarios deportivos más aptos del departamento; Caldas es sede de varios equipos en los diferentes torneos del país y cuna de importantes deportistas, ha participado en los Juegos Deportivos Nacionales desde sus inicios y ha sido sede en dos ocasiones, cuenta con un equipo en la primera división: Once Caldas, también con equipos semi-profesionales en ligas menores o campeonatos juveniles, tres equipos representan a Caldas y Manizales en tres torneos diferentes: en la Copa Profesional de Microfútbol el «Real Caldas FS» y en la Copa Profesional de Microfútbol Femenina el «Real Caldas» y el «Club Deportivo Lineal» —ahora sección de fútbol sala del «Once Caldas»—,[21]​ Un equipo caldense participa en la «Copa Invitacional FCB» del Baloncesto Profesional Colombiano fundado en el 2012, el Once Caldas de Manizales representa el departamento.
La gastronomía Caldense es muy predominante en cuanto se habla de la cultura de dicho departamento, siendo parte esencial de la identidad regional, esta se ve en su mayoría influenciada por la gastronomía Antioqueña o paisa, debido a sus antiguos enlaces históricos que tuvo con dicho departamento, esta gastronomía a su vez se influencia por platos gastronómicos de otras partes o regiones de Colombia, también es de relevancia los productos que aquí se cultivan y que de estos dependen los platos representativos de esta región. Entre sus platos más representativos se encuentran los frijoles Caldenses, los plátanos maduros, el sancocho de uña y también otros acompañantes como el Hogao, la ensalada caldense de repollo y el encurtido casero que acompañan otras recetas; los platos antioqueños también son parte de la gastronomía Cafetera como las arepas y sus variaciones(arepa de mote, chócolo, entre otras) y la bandeja paisa, entre otros; también es muy importante la época del año para realizar algún plato, como en la época decembrina o Navidad en la cual se realiza la Natilla y sus acompañantes, los buñuelos platos típicos de esta época.[19]​
Es enviado por Gibson a buscar una fuente de energía poderosa que han localizado, donde se encuentra con Scar y luchan en el bosque, hasta que Scar parece derrotado y se marcha. En los últimos cápitulos Magnum es dañado por el golpe de un controlado Shadow, que lo deja vivo pero en mal estado, aunque al final de la serie es reparado.
Desde 1997 vive en Alemania, en donde reside en la ciudad de Eisenach. Ha interpretado obras en su lengua materna zapoteco, así como en español, alemán e italiano.
Vlade Divac dio sus primeros pasos en el baloncesto formando parte del KK Elan Prijepolje, escuadra de su localidad natal, tras haber sido portero de fútbol también en un modesto equipo local. En 1982 fichó por el KK Sloga, con quien saltó al profesionalismo, y desde el primer momento llamó la atención de los grandes clubes yugoslavos, tras anotar 27 puntos en un partido contra el Estrella Roja de Belgrado.[3]​ Como si de una premonición se tratara, en 1986 firmó por el gran rival de este equipo, el Partizan de Belgrado.
Es el primer álbum completo del grupo VNV Nation, realizado en diciembre de 1995. Es comúnmente abreviado A&F. Comparado con el sonido Futurepop de los subsecuentes álbumes de VNV Nation Advance and Follow tiene un sonido de mediados de la era del EBM con influencias clásicas. En el 2001 el álbum fue re-editado con una producción actualizada y recreaciones vocáles con cinco canciones extras. Debido a la rareza de los dos álbumes, no es común verlos siendo vendidos en eBay por largas sumas de dinero.
Las plantas rara vez llegan a más de 2 metros de altura. Las frondas parecidas a hojas son alternas con tallos espinosos. Las láminas de las hojas bipinnadas se dividen en 4-9 pares de segmentos pequeños, y estos se dividen a su vez en 8-15 pares de hojuelas pequeñas. Los foliolos son elípticos, glabras, con un nervio central prominente. Al igual que algunas otras especies de Mimosa (como Mimosa pudica ), las hojas se pliegan cuando son tocadas o perturbadas. También se dice que las raíces de M.nuttallii emiten un olor acre a ajo, cuando se les molesta. Este puede ser un mecanismo de defensa adicional de la planta.
Ninguna estación de Cercanías Madrid está situada dentro del barrio. Sin embargo, las estaciones de Sol (C-3 y C-4) y Atocha (C-1, C-2, C-3, C-4, C-5, C-7, C-8, C-10 y trenes de Media y Larga distancia) están situadas razonablemente cerca de sus límites, y hay zonas del barrio en su área de influencia directa. Además se puede llegar a las mismas fácilmente mediante las líneas 1 y 2 de metro.
Según el censo de 2010,[4]​ había 88 personas residiendo en South Pierce. La densidad de población era de 0,31 hab./km². De los 88 habitantes, South Pierce estaba compuesto por el 98.86% blancos, el 0% eran afroamericanos, el 0% eran amerindios, el 0% eran asiáticos, el 0% eran isleños del Pacífico, el 0% eran de otras razas y el 1.14% pertenecían a dos o más razas. Del total de la población el 1.14% eran hispanos o latinos de cualquier raza.[5]​
Ashley-Anne Lilley nació en Rothestay en la Isla de Bute, Escocia. A los doce años ganó el "National Youth Music Theatre". A los quince se inscribió en la "Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts" en Londres, y se graduó en 2004.[1]​ Ashley fue la estrella, como Lucille Frank, en una producción del desfile de Jason Robert Brown en el Festival Fringe de Edinburgo en 2005. Más tarde se unió a la gira por Reino Unido de Anything Goes, de Cole Porter, en el papel de Hope Harcourt.
Después del curso 2003-04, y de que su contrato con los Kings expirara, Divac fue contratado nuevamente por los Lakers, en un intento de restablecer el aura de competitividad del equipo de Los Ángeles. Después de que éste perdiera las finales de la NBA la temporada anterior, la mayoría de los jugadores principales fueron sustituidos, como fue el caso de Shaquille O'Neal, y Divac parecía el más indicado para llenar el vacío dejado por el mastodóntico pívot, pero sus lesiones en la espalda se lo impidieron.
Fiat contaba además con Fiat-Francia, teniendo de pilotos a Jean-Claude Andruet y al importador finlandés con Timo Salonen y Simo Lampinen. Más adelante se reforzaría con Walter Rohrl.[1]​
También escritor, Caninenberg escribió obras de teatro y ensayos, además de la publicación en 1988 de su novela autobiográfica Mein unvergessener Traum.
Estas categorías no son absolutas ya que no existen perfectos reguladores ni perfectos conformistas; los modelos más reales se encuentran entre conformistas y reguladores, dependiendo del factor ambiental y de la especie animal.
Bandyopadhyay, S. & RoyChowdhury, K. 1996. Beginning of the Continental Jurassic in India: A Paleontological Approach. Museum of Northern Arizona Bulletin. The Continental Jurassic. Transactions of the Continental Jurassic Symposium. October 21-23, M. Morales (ed.). Museum of Northern Arizona60, 371-378.
Durante el viaje, el Thor se reabasteció gracias a sus presas y a los buques de aprovisionamiento (como el Alsterufer, el Nordmark, y los petroleros Eurofeld y Rekum). Los náufragos de los barcos atacados enemigos, en la medida en que era posible, eran rescatados y subidos a bordo, donde se les internaba en un espacio dedicado a ellos, buscando la ocasión de llevarlos a territorio controlado por Alemania.
Shinobu es una adulta joven que desde niña quiso ser detective. Ella trabaja para una compañía de detectives privados, a pesar de no hacer mucho más que trabajos básicos. Detick Bell tiene un traje de detective, y actuando como tal, ella trata de descubrir al responsable detrás de las muertes de varias Chicas Mágicas a lo largo de restart. Siendo la líder del Equipo Bell, ella tiene la habilidad de darle caras a los edificios y traerlos a la vida con un beso, aunque es una habilidad muy útil en su trabajo como detective en la vida real, los edificios del Mundo Cibernético no le hablaran, ya que no quieren revelar los planes de Keek. Ella es la octava Chica Mágica en morir, al ser asesinada por Melville tras descubrir que ella era la asesina, sin embargo, ella dejó información muy importante para mostrarles a las otras chicas la verdadera identidad de Melville.
Esta voz era puramente orgánica y se diferencia de haz, en que la mesnada era un cuerpo, un trozo, una división de la hueste, y el haz era unidad táctica en el campo de batalla.
En 2002, Muñoz Rodríguez se convirtió en miembro de la Cátedra de Investigación en Comunicaciones Inalámbricas y Movilidad.[2]​[4]​ Desde entonces, ha conseguido más de ocho millones de pesos en fondos de subvención a partir de fuentes tales como la Organización de los Estados Americanos, CONACYT, NSF/CONACYT, PEMEX, la Secretaria de Comunicaciones, Arthur D. Little, Motorola y Nortel Networks.[4]​[5]​ También ha realizado investigaciones, consultorías y otros trabajos para compañías como Motorola, Telmex, PEMEX, Arthur D. Little, Bell-Northern Research, Nortel Networks, la Secretaria de Comunicaciones y Transportes y COFETEL.[3]​ Esto incluye la capacitación y la creación de un programa de pasantías para estudiantes de posgrado con la Investigación de Bell del Norte.[5]​
Bokermannohyla izecksohni es una especie de anfibios de la familia Hylidae. Es endémica de Brasil. Sus hábitats naturales incluyen bosques tropicales o subtropicales secos y a baja altitud y marismas intermitentes de agua dulce. Está amenazada de extinción por la destrucción de su hábitat natural.
El departamento de Caldas ocupa el puesto N.º16 en población por departamentos, su subregión más poblada es la Centrosur donde se encuentra la capital Manizales que a su vez es la más poblada de Caldas. El gentilicio de los oriundos del departamento de Caldas, es caldense (para diferenciarse, el gentilicio de los originarios de la ciudad de Caldas (Antioquia) que es caldeño), también llamados paisas por sus raíces y pertenencia a la región del mismo nombre.
Viva el Rey Julien es un spin off de la franquicia Madagascar. Narra la vida del Rey Julien, antes de los hechos de la primera película, siendo él coranado rey de los lémures, por su tío, el Rey Julien XII, ya que, según una predicción, el rey actual será devorado por la FOOSA, antes de estos sucesos. Al Rey Julien también se le unen demás personajes como Maurice, Mort y Clover.
Comenzó el año sin estar en su mejor momento. En la primavera participó en las Clásicas de las Ardenas: Flecha Valona y Lieja-Bastoña-Lieja. En junio, se llevó el cuarto lugar en la Ruta del Sur, y luego en agosto ganó su primera victoria como profesional, al ganar una etapa de la París-Corrèze. A finales de año, describe su primera temporada como profesional como "buena".
Mientras Gaff protege la entrada a la casa de Eon, aparecen varios secuaces del General. Marty está con el Maestro Yang, el cual le da su fuerza para poder luchar tras pasar la prueba que le impone. Mientras tanto, el Capitán Magnum, miembro de la CDF, organización contra la Torre de Hierro, es mandado para buscar el epicentro de una rara cantidad de energía que en realidad es Marty. Al llegar, ve al Elegido de Eon con todos los secuaces del General derrotados.
Lucé-sous-Ballon es una población y comuna francesa, situada en la región de Países del Loira, departamento de Sarthe, en el distrito de Mamers y cantón de Marolles-les-Braults.
Yadagiri, P. 1988. A new sauropod Kotasaurus yamanpalliensis from Lower Jurassic Kota Formation of India. Records of the Geological Survey of India, 11, 102-127.
El Cabildo de San Isidoro recibe al Ayuntamiento en el atrio y desde allí van juntos hasta el Claustro donde se entabla una batalla dialéctica. Se colocan uno enfrente de otro y el síndico municipal inicia la ronda de intervenciones, tres cada representante, defendiendo su postura.
En 1971, grabó Mamy Blue que rompió las listas de ventas, escrito por Hubert Giraud inspirada en la madre de Nicole que padecía una discapacidad mental.
En plena guerra de independencia, la Junta Suprema Central se reunió por última vez en la ciudad de Cádiz, considerada como la ciudad más liberal de la época ya que estaba libre de la ocupación francesa, para comenzar a redactar al margen del reinado de José I (hermano de Napoleón) la primera Constitución de España en el año 1810. Siendo el 1812 el año de su proclamación llevando el mote de "La Pepa".
Nace en la divisoria de aguas que separa la cuenca de Pamplona con la de Aoiz-Lumbier. Da nombre al valle, el de Egüés, por el que transcurre a lo largo de los poco más de 9 kilómetros que tiene, desembocando en la margen izquierda del río Arga en la localidad de Huarte.
En cibernética, la homeostasis es el rasgo de los sistemas autorregulados (cibernéticos) que consiste en la capacidad para mantener ciertas variables en un estado estacionario, de equilibrio dinámico o dentro de ciertos límites, cambiando parámetros de su estructura interna.
Ángel entonces les cuenta a sus empleados que en Francia en 1767, el y Darla alguna vez tuvieron como compañeros a James y a Elizabeth, una pareja de vampiros "enamorados". Mientras escapan del cazavampiros Holtz, antes de separarse de las mujeres para cubrir más terreno, James roba un collar de una tienda y se lo entrega a su amada. Antes de que los vampiros varones puedan continuar su viaje solos, son interceptados por Holtz y sus hombres.
Cabañal-Cañamelar (en valenciano y oficialmente[1]​ El Cabanyal-El Canyamelar) es un barrio de la ciudad de Valencia (España), perteneciente al distrito de Poblados Marítimos. Está situado al este de la ciudad y limita al norte con Malvarrosa, al este con el mar Mediterráneo, al sur con Grao y al oeste con Ayora, Illa Perduda y Beteró. Es un antiguo barrio marinero de la ciudad de Valencia, que entre 1837 y 1897 constituyó un municipio independiente llamado Pueblo Nuevo del Mar (El Poble Nou de la Mar en valenciano). Su peculiar trama en retícula deriva de las alineaciones de las antiguas barracas paralelas al mar. Pueblo principalmente de pescadores, pronto se convirtió en una zona de interés como lugar de descanso y ocio. Su población en 2009 era de 21.101 habitantes.[2]​
La infantería del CDF está compuesta por robots humanoides. Estos van armados con fusiles y lanzamisiles de disparo rápido. A pesar de esto, no son rivales para los robots del General ni para el Gigantor, pero poseen un gran valor incluso en las situaciones más desesperadas.
El Cañamelar surgió aproximadamente por aquellas fechas, y parece que tomó su nombre del cultivo de la caña de azúcar (en valenciano canyamel), que se cultivó allí hasta mediados del siglo XVIII.[4]​ Desde entonces el crecimiento ha sido continuo y simultáneo en los tres núcleos, que acabaron convirtiéndose en uno solo a mediados del siglo XIX.[4]​
A comienzos del siglo XX, el gobierno del presidente Rafael Reyes, con la finalidad de debilitar la hegemonía de los antiguos Estados Soberanos, propuso la creación de varios departamentos, entre ellos el «Departamento de Los Andes» con capital en Manizales, nombre vetado por algunos miembros de la diputación del Cauca en la Asamblea Nacional Constituyente. Ellos condicionaron su votación afirmativa si se le colocaba como nombre el del sabio Francisco José de Caldas, propuesta que se impuso sobre la de los antioqueños que insistían en el nombre del prócer José María Córdova.[9]​
Yadagiri, P., Prasad, K. N. & Satsangi, P. P. 1979. Sauropod dinosaur from the Kota Formation of Pranhita valley, India. Proceedings of IV International Gondwana Symposium, Calcuta, 1, 199-202.
"La libertad aislada. De Fuerteventura a París como Diario íntimo" en Miguel de Unamuno. Estudios sobre su obra. IV. Ana Chaguaceda Toledano (Ed). Salamanca, Ediciones Universidad de Salamanca, 2009.
Marty despierta en la sala de luchadores, pero él, se llevaría una gran sorpresa al mirarse en el espejo, ya que aún trae la armadura puesta, incluso en su rostro. El piensa que se trataría de una broma, tratando de quitársela.
El Museo de Arte Contemporáneo de Niterói (Museu de Arte Contemporânea de Niterói), situado en la ciudad de Niterói, Estado de Río de Janeiro, Brasil, es una de las señales principales de la ciudad.
Un matrimonio concertado o matrimonio arreglado es un tipo de unión marital donde los novios son seleccionados por un tercero en vez de ellos mismos.[1]​ Una práctica común en todo el mundo hasta el siglo XVIII.[1]​ En la actualidad, los matrimonios arreglados son más comunes en Asia del Sur, África,[2]​[3]​ Oriente Medio,[4]​[5]​ en algunas parte de América Latina,[3]​[6]​el Sudeste Asiático[7]​ y en algunas regiones de Asia Oriental;[8]​[9]​ en algunos países desarrollados esta práctica continua dentro de algunas familias reales,[10]​ en regiones de Japón,[11]​ entre inmigrantes y minorías de grupos étnicos.[12]​ Otro grupo que practican esta costumbre es la Iglesia de la Unificación.
Mamori es la sirviente personal de Pfle, su familia ha servido a la de Pfle por generaciones. Shadow Gale lleva un traje de enfermera negro con pequeñas alas en su espalda. Ella es una miembro del Equipo Pfle y su habilidad le permite mejorar cualquier maquina, ella no necesita saber cómo funciona la máquina para mejorarla, solo debe considerar el objeto como una máquina. Ella sobrevivió a los eventos de restart con ayuda de Pfle, sin embargo, a lo largo y después de restart, ella se comenzó a preocupar de que Pfle se esta lentamente convirtiendo en una criminal y asesina.
Ally es la hija adoptiva del duque Von Raymer, el malvado presidente de la Torre de Hierro, de la que Ally escapa, luego de saber que su padrastro, está ayudando a reconstruir al General y a su ejército para llevar a cabo sus planes maléficos. Es una niña con un talento único y especial para descifrar códigos informáticos de las bases de datos codificadas de los robots centenarios, habilidad de la cual su padre adoptivo se estaba aprovechando. Aunque siempre ha vivido encerrada en la Torre de Hierro, poco a poco se acostumbra a la vida en el mundo exterior, se convierte en la mejor amiga de Marty, e incluso, se convierte en la agente junior más prometedora del CDF(Cuerpo Central de Defensa del Gobierno Federal), responsable de detener al Gigantor. Durante varios momentos en la serie, la relación de Marty y Ally es de algo más que amistad.
Esta obra contiene una traducción derivada de Pseudecheneis gracilis de Wikipedia en catalán, publicada por sus editores bajo la Licencia de documentación libre de GNU y la Licencia Creative Commons Atribución-CompartirIgual 3.0 Unported.
Lugar de Realengo, de España, provincia y azobispado de Burgos, merindad de Montija, corregimiento de Villarcayo. Regidor Pedáneo, 27 vecinos, 126 habitantes y 1 parroquia.
El Plan de Protección, cuya ejecución se consideraba irrenunciable en el PGOU en un plazo de 4 años, llegaba demasiado tarde para algunas viviendas, barracas y alquerías protegidas en el mismo plan.[9]​
McDonald's es considerado como el primero en adoptar este tipo de menú, y otros restaurantes de comida rápida rápidamente hicieron lo mismo incluyendo productos value menu en sus ofertas habituales. El paso hacia la adopción de value menus se puede considerar como una respuesta a las preferencias cambiantes de los consumidores de comida rápida, o también como una respuesta a otros factores económicos tales como los ingresos del consumidor y los precios de otros artículos como la gasolina. Los altos precios de la gasolina pueden estar causando que los consumidores gasten menos en el autorrestaurante de lo que harían en otras circunstancias.
El museo se encuentra ubicado en la antigua posada de Quintana de la Serena. Esta casa de construcción tradicional de Quintana, edificada entre finales del siglo XVII y principios del siglo XVIII, es uno de los mejores exponentes de arquitectura solariega de la comarca de La Serena. El dintel de la portada, ventanales, balconada, aleros, sillares del zócalo y de esquina son de cantería, de granito gris-Quintana.[7]​
El 31 de mayo de 1800, Constanze Mozart escribió al editor alemán Johann André a propósito de varias obras de su difunto marido, entre ellas la KV 608, afirmando que «se piensa que es propiedad de... el conde V. Deym de aquí».[1]​
Ciertas oraciones transitivas pueden ser nominalizadas, en cuyo caso el complemento directo pasa a desempeñar la función de un complemento nominal encabezado por la preposición "de". Es el conocido como genitivo objetivo.
Marty tiene otra pesadilla y pierde el control del puño, él con la armadura va por los pasillos del CDF destruyendo todo lo que se le enfrentaba. Al final Gaff logra paralo pero es herido.
«Slow» (Lento en español) es una canción de la cantante Kylie Minogue para su álbum de 2003 Body Language. La canción tuvo muy buena aceptación por parte de los críticos. Fue número 1 en Australia, Dinamarca, Rumanía y el Reino Unido. En los Estados Unidos, «Slow» fue lanzado al éxito en el Billboard Dance Charts, alcanzando la primera posición en el Hot Dance Club Play de la lista. Además, la canción, por tercer año consecutivo para Kylie, estuvo nominada en los Premios Grammy en la categoría de Mejor Grabación Dance; pero perdió frente a «Toxic» de Britney Spears.
No obstante, la gran mayoría de soldados albaneses rechazaba la idea de luchar en un territorio lejano a sus hogares, y se quejaba de prestar servicio en lugares que no fuesen Kosovo o Albania. A esto se sumaba la grave escasez de oficiales albaneses y el continuo retroceso de las posiciones del Eje en los Balcanes desde inicios de 1944 ante el avance de los partisanos. Por todo ello, la desmoralización invadió a esta tropa y se produjeron deserciones masivas.
El gobernador Pedro Menéndez de Avilés había fundado San Agustín en 1565 en respuesta a la fundación el año anterior de Fort Caroline por los franceses al mando de René Goulaine de Laudonnière, en lo que hoy es Jacksonville (Florida). Menéndez arrasó y quemó Fort Caroline y desalojó a los franceses de la Florida. En 1566 los españoles centraron sus esfuerzos de nuevo en la colonización de Santa Elena (situada en la actualidad en Parris Island, Carolina del Sur) , un asentamiento costero fundado en 1566 por los jesuítas.
El club ganó una reputación a nivel local en las ligas menores y en 1910 decidió convertirse en una selección absoluta. Se unieron a la Liga del Sur Suburbana y lo ganó en su primer intento. Durante este período, el equipo se movió entre varias razones, incluyendo lo que entonces era conocido como el Sutton Ground Escuela de Adultos. Después de la Primera Guerra Mundial, el equipo se trasladó.
Sutton nunca han compartido una liga con AFC Wimbledon, pero debido a la proximidad geográfica de los dos clubes comparten una rivalidad. Sutton fue el primer equipo para jugar al club, al derrotar en casa por 4-0 en julio de 2002.[2]​ El único partido competitivo entre las dos partes fue en el 2005 Surrey Senior Cup semi de final, que ganó la AFC. La reunión de los equipos pasada fue un amistoso en Gander Green Lane el 16 de julio de 2011;. Fue un empate 1-1[3]​
El municipio de Homer se encuentra ubicado en las coordenadas 41°1′52″N 82°7′0″O. Según la Oficina del Censo de los Estados Unidos, el municipio tiene una superficie total de 63.46 km², de la cual 63,38 km² corresponden a tierra firme y (0,12 %) 0,08 km² es agua.[3]​
Koyuki es una muchacha de segundo grado de secundaria que siempre ha sido muy admiradora de las Chicas Mágicas y al recibir la invitación de Fav no se niega. Ella es amable y se esfuerza en ser una buena Chica Mágica, pues cree que las verdaderas Chicas Mágicas son puras, bellas y honestas. Al transformarse en Snow White, su cabello cambia a ser color rosado y su traje es blanco con temática de flores. Es amiga de la infancia de Sōta, y este era el único con quien podía compartir su gusto por las Chicas Mágicas.
El COA se fundó a partir de una reunión en el Crédit municipal de Argel, en el que estuvieron los diecisiete pioneros. La directiva se compone de doce miembros, siete de los cuales son representantes de las federaciones, elegidos por sus pares, y cinco son miembros designados.
1884: Amenaza de epidemia de cólera. Las calles son barridas por la mañana los domingos de siete a nueve. Prohibición para dar vueltas para hacer tejer capullos en las calles de la ciudad, lavado en las fuentes, bloqueo de los agujeros de drenaje de los establos con vistas a la carretera.
Tradicionalmente se ha aplicado en biología pero, dado el hecho de que no solo lo biológico es capaz de cumplir con esta definición, otras ciencias y técnicas han adoptado también este término.[7]​
Según Warner, en los países con las tasas más altas de matrimonios infantiles, el matrimonio de la niña es casi siempre arreglado por sus padres o tutores.[49]​ Los países con las tasas más altas de matrimonios infantiles son: Nigeria, Chad, Malí, Bangladesh, Guinea, República Centroafricana, Afganistán, Yemen y Pakistán. Matrimonios infantiles también se observan en algunas partes de América.[50]​[51]​
Estudio leyes, y asistió a las Universidades de Wiesbaden, de Jena, y de Bonn, ganando allí una beca en filología. Regresó a Fráncfort y fue maestro en el Instituto Bunsen, en 1827. Allí se convirtió en activista en el movimiento político para la reforma del gobierno alemán. En 1834 Lindheimer, cuyas afiliaciones políticas lo habían separado de su familia y lo colocó en situación de riesgo, emigró a los Estados Unidos como refugiado político; uniéndose a una comunidad de compatriotas expatriados alemanes en Belleville, Illinois, muchos de los cuales eran antiguos colegas del Instituto Bunsen. En el otoño de 1834 viajó a Veracruz, México, y se unió a otro asentamiento alemán en la hacienda de Carlos Sartorius, Mirador, cerca de Jalapa, Veracruz. Durante su estancia de dieciséis meses allí, Lindheimer recogió plantas e insectos. En 1836, por los informes de la Revolución de Texas, viajó a Nueva Orleans y se unió a la compañía Jerome Bonaparte Robinson de Kentucky. Una vez en Texas, Lindheimer se alistó en el ejército y sirvió bajo el mando de John Coffee Hays hasta 1837.
1870: Orden municipal para la elección de oficiales de la Guardia Nacional. Habida cuenta de su fuerza numérica, Thueyts elegirá dos capitanes, dos tenientes, dos subtenientes, un sargento mayore, ocho sargentos, y dieciséis cabos. Se tendrán también entre los ex soldados. Las fuentes están contaminadas y los bordillos dañados, nacen normas lo suficientemente estrictas. El mismo año, las graves inundaciones han causado grandes daños, y se organiza una comisión para hacer un balance. Dada la disputa entre los productores de vino, el alcalde establece el principio de la cosecha el 11 de octubre.
Ángel se muestra muy preocupado por la seguridad de Cordelia y le exhorta que se vaya a su hogar mientras sea de día cuando al hotel llega James y comienza a pelear contra Ángel. Después de una dura batalla, Ángel estaca a James, pero este último se regenera y aún con luz del sol no muere. Ángel y Cordelia se ven obligados a huir por las alcantarillas. Mientras se esconden, Cordelia recibe una llamada de Wesley, quien le informa que James es invencible por que se removió el corazón, pero que el efecto es tan solo temporal. Antes de poder explicar cuanto tiempo dura, la llamada se interrumpe y los dos son encontrados por James, quien los persigue hasta un metro subterráneo.
En discusiones dentro del Reino Unido[111]​ se ha cuestionado si los matrimonios arreglados internacionales son falsos, un medio conveniente para obtener la residencia y la ciudadanía europea a inmigrantes, que de otro modo se les negaría una visa para entrar al país. Estos temores se han avivado por los divorcios observados una vez que se cumplió el período mínimo de residencia en el matrimonio requerida. Ann Cryer ha alegado ejemplos de tales abusos por parte de las familias musulmanas del oeste de Asia en su movimiento House of Commons (Casa de los Comunes) del Reino Unido.[112]​ Los Estados Unidos ha tenido una controversia similar con falsos matrimonios concertados.[113]​[114]​
Nemu es una chica perezosa, amistosa y amable, que no estudia ni trabaja y se la pasa todo el tiempo en casa. A pesar de esto, ella es muy buena hablando con los demás, le gusta subirles la moral y dar consejo. Su transformación, Nemurin, es una pequeña chica de cabello largo color amarillo pastel, con nubes que tienen pequeños rostros saliendo de sus coletas, y viste una pijama amarilla con estampados, y siempre carga una almohada; su actitud se muestra somnolienta y su voz se hace más infantil también. Su habilidad es entrar en los sueños de las personas para así ayudarlas a no tener pesadillas, pero esto no le beneficia mucho, pues los Magical Candies que obtiene en sueños no sirven el la vida real. Ella en su última visita a un sueño, entra a un sueño de Swim Swim, notando que ella quiere ser una princesa, le convence de que puede lograrlo. Ella es la primera Chica Mágica en morir después de posicionarse última en el primer ranking.
Era hija del profesor de medicina Ignaz von Bischoff-Altenstein. Y en 1939, poco después de cumplir veinte años, se casó con el astrónomo Karl Ludwig von Littrow y se mudaron a Viena. Rápidamente se involucró en la sociedad vienesa y conoció a personalidades como Hermann Bonitz, Josef Danhauser, Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach, August Eisenmenger, Ernst von Feuchtersleben, Ottilie von Goethe, Franz Grillparzer, Friedrich Hebbel, Rudolf von Jhering, Joseph Lewinsky o Franz Miklosich.
El departamento cuenta con varios canales de televisión de señal abierta terrestre, un canal regional (Telecafé), y los cinco canales nacionales: los 2 privados Caracol y RCN, y los 3 públicos (Canal Uno, Señal Institucional y Señal Colombia). Las empresas de televisión por suscripción ofrecen canales propios como por ejemplo DirecTV. [cita requerida]
Esta obra contiene una traducción derivada de Charles Bryant (actor) de Wikipedia en inglés, publicada por sus editores bajo la Licencia de documentación libre de GNU y la Licencia Creative Commons Atribución-CompartirIgual 3.0 Unported.
Mita es la prima de Nemu. Masked Wonder lleva un traje de superhéroe y es una autoproclamada héroe de la justicia. Entre los eventos de Unmarked y restart, ella fue entrenada por su prima en el Mundo de los Sueños. Ella es miembro del Equipo Pfle y su habilidad le permite manipular el peso de las personas. Ella es la segunda Chica Mágica al morir después de ser golpeada en la cabeza con una roca de Melville.
Regresando a la ciudad, Hanna retoma su relación con su madre depresiva, su padre errático y su hermano. La mamá de Hanna, una diseñadora de modas, deja a un lado sus sueños artísticos y da todo su tiempo para apoyar al papá de Hanna, un escritor que no es publicado pero que ella cree que es un genio, él, distante y errático, obtiene trabajo para un períodico, pero pronto renuncia y pasa todo el día jugando ajedrez en un café mientras su esposa piensa que está trabajando.
Agüera conserva en bastante buen estado un tramo de calzada romana que supuso una de las vías de comunicación por la que los romanos alcanzaron el N peninsular. Aún hoy se mantiene en pie un puente romano de ojos de medio punto.
BitTyrant es un cliente estratégico, pues hace una selección estratégica de pares (strategic peer selection). Como tal, ha demostrado un incremento medio en la velocidad de descarga de un 70% sobre un cliente BitTorrent estándar. Los usuarios leechers, así llamados en jerga de BitTyrant, normalmente reciben un descenso en la velocidad de descarga.[cita requerida] Aun así, si todos los clientes son BitTyrant, los peers (pares) son utilizados de forma efectiva, permitiendo un incremento en conjunto en velocidad de descarga. Sin embargo, hay una salvedad. Si los clientes de alta capacidad están involucrados en varios swarms (swarm es un grupo de pares conectados unos con otros vía protocolo de distribución de archivos), los pares de baja capacidad pierden rendimiento.[2]​
El nombre original dado al lugar, cuando todavía era parte de Malabón fue el de San José de Navotas, en honor a su patrón, San José. Formaba parte del Corregimiento de Tondo.[2]​
2015 fue el año de la recuperación del joven ciclista francés. Corrió su primer Giro de Italia como jefe de filas junto con su compatriota Alexandre Geniez. Hizo destacadas etapas en la alta montaña, como un 8.º puesto en la novena etapa acabada en San Giorgio del Sannio y un 23.º en la etapa reina con final en Breuil-Cervinia. Sin embargo una mala contrarreloj le privó de estar más adelante en la general, en la que finalmente fue 46.º.
Esta obra contiene una traducción derivada de Joaquim de Carvalho de Wikipedia en portugués, publicada por sus editores bajo la Licencia de documentación libre de GNU y la Licencia Creative Commons Atribución-CompartirIgual 3.0 Unported.
En agosto de 2014, Ayón lideró a México a la victoria en el partido por la medalla de oro contra Puerto Rico en el Campeonato Centrobasket. Ayón fue nombrado MVP del torneo.[6]​ Más tarde, participó en la Copa del Mundo de Baloncesto FIBA 2014 donde llegaron hasta la segundo ronda siendo eliminados por Estados Unidos, la selección nacional finalizó en el decimocuarto lugar.
Fiestas de las Santas reliquias o Fiestas Grandes: Recientemente se ha cambiado la fecha de celebración de las fiesta mayores que han pasado de la primera semana de septiembre a la última de agosto, dando comienzo el viernes correspondiente.
De la nada aparecen cuatro robots que quieren destruir a Marty, los cuatro varones invencibles. Cuando la líder de los robot provoca un terremoto Marty y sombra caen. Creyéndolo muerto los robots se van sin preocuparse por Buttons, pero Sombra había salvado a Marty y al final llegan al Templo del Alma de Hierro.
En el arco restart Snow White ha dejado de ser la Chica Mágica ideal, no teniendo remordimiento de atacar a cualquier Chica Mágica que amenaze la vida de la gente, siendo ahora conocida como la "Cazadora de Chicas Mágicas" por su constante búsqueda de Chicas Mágicas renegadas. Ella aparece tratando de detener el nuevo Proyecto realizado por Keek.
Al crearse el Estado de Guerrero en 1849 y sin posibilidad de que Puebla pudiera conservar poblaciones bajo su dominio en el Pacífico, Punta Maldonado quedó integrada al nuevo estado y con ello perdió la poca importancia portuaria que tuvo bajo el gobierno poblano, debido a la optimización total del puerto de Acapulco.
El matrimonio tardío, sobre todo más allá de la edad de 30 años, reduce la cantidad de solteros disponibles para matrimonios autónomos. Presentaciones y matrimonios arreglados se convierten en una opción productiva.[56]​
Marty tiene una pesadilla y despierta en el CDF, Ally está allí, Ally le cuenta lo que había pasado. después vienen Gaff y Bottons, este último le muestra a Marty lo que había aprendido del Maestro Yang. A la noche: Marty se levanta porque había oído ruidos raros y se encuentra con un robot malo, súbdito del General al pelear con el queda malherido pero no físicamente sino mentalmente. Había perdido el control del puño.
Después de jugar en Europa, Divac dio el salto a la NBA tras ser elegido por Los Angeles Lakers en la 26ª posición en el Draft de 1989. Allí llegó con la difícil misión de sustituir al hasta entonces pívot titular angelino, retirado ese mismo verano y leyenda de la liga Kareem Abdul-Jabbar.
Según la Oficina del Censo en 2000 los ingresos medios por hogar en la localidad eran de $71,545 y los ingresos medios por familia eran de $81,868. Los hombres tenían unos ingresos medios de $57,334 frente a los $40,827 para las mujeres. La renta per cápita de la localidad era de $35,031. Alrededor del 2,8% de la población estaba por debajo del umbral de pobreza.[3]​
El Bitardo es un animal legendario que los Bitardos veneran. Son miembros de la Orden del Venerado Bitardo o Ordre du Vénéré Bitard (Loué Soit-Il !), una hermandad de entusiastas con sede en Poitiers (Francia) que mantienen ciertas tradiciones, como ser el rally de los bitardos y cierta vestimenta.
Mashiro habla con un fuerte acento, haciendo difícil entenderla. Melville tiene un traje decorado con flores y apariencia de elfina, muy similar a Cranberry. Ella es miembro del Equipo Bell y su habilidad le permite cambiar los colores, usándola principalmente para camuflarse, haciéndose invisible para todas menos Lapis Lazuline II, además de poseer un arpon mágico. Ella es la aprendiz de Cranberry, quien decía seguir el mismo camino de su maestra, habiendo matado a la mayoría de las Chicas Mágicas del Proyecto. Ella es la décimo segunda Chica Mágica en morir, al ser cortada a la mitad por Clantail después de haber recibido una gran cantidad de ataques de parte de Lapis Lazuline II.
Kenny Elissonde se convirtió en profesional en 2012 en el equipo FDJ-BigMat, tras estar los últimos cuatro meses como stagière de este equipo y convencer de manera impresionante a los directores. Hay varios corredores en dicho equipo que pasaron por las Étupes CC como Geoffrey Soupe (actualmente en Cofidis y Thibaut Pinot.
Caldas ocupa el puesto 14º de 33º a nivel nacional en cuanto a PIB (nominal) con un total de US$ 8.860 millones y con un PIB per cápita de US$ 9.021, se ha convertido en el segundo del Eje cafetero después de Risaralda, en el 2012 represento el 1,4% del PIB nacional, además de contar con una tasa de desempleo del 9,2% en 2013; en el escalafón de competitividad nacional ocupo e puesto 7º de 29º (2012-2013).[15]​
El video musical, dirigido por Baillie Walsh, fue grabado durante un período de tres días en Barcelona, en la Piscina Municipal de Montjuic. Los dos primeros días de rodaje se pospuso debido a las fuertes lluvias, pero el video se completó a finales del tercer día. El vídeo comienza con un hombre de buceo en una piscina desde un trampolín desde donde los rascacielos de Barcelona se pueden ver claramente. Después de que el hombre sale de la piscina, el resto del video se centra en Kylie, que es entre un lado de la piscina llena de hombres y mujeres vestidos de traje de baño. Hay varios puntos de vista de lado y de ojos vistas de pájaro de Minogue que canta la canción.
En 1957 la riada de Valencia afecta considerablemente a los poblados marítimos, ya que las calles en dirección al mar parecen auténticos torrentes impetuosos. El agua cubría las plantas bajas de las casas del Cabañal, muchas eran de una sola altura.
"Una acción contrarrevolucionaria es cualquier acción encaminada a derrocar, socavar o debilitar el poder de los sóviets obreros y campesinos... y los gobiernos de la URSS y de las repúblicas soviéticas y autónomas, o al socavar o debilitar la seguridad externa de la URSS y los principales logros económicos, políticos y nacionales de la revolución proletaria "
Después de incontables batallas con los seguidores del General que intentaban apoderarse del Puño de Eon, encuentra por fin a Marty. Desde ese momento, Gaff lo sigue a todas partes, lo protege y le aconseja sobre cómo convertirse en el legítimo heredero del Puño. Enigmático, lacónico y silencioso, es protector y servidor de Marty. Es muy fuerte y tiene gran dominio de la espada, tal que destruyó él solo a todo un escuadrón combinado de robots ninja y de hachas verdes con su espada. También se ha enfrentado a los Centauros Acorazados, a Jack Acero, a Khan e incluso al mismísimo General.
En 1993, núcleo original del ensanche del Cabañal es declarado BIC. Para dicha declaración se contó con el informe favorable del Consejo Valenciano de Cultura, del Departamento de Historia del Arte de la Universidad de Valencia y de la Universidad Politécnica de Valencia.[2]​
El instrumento está disponible en la web de la AGREE Research Trust, organización oficial que gestiona los intereses del mismo, y puede ser reproducido y utilizado con fines educativos, por programas de garantía de calidad y para la evaluación crítica de guías de práctica clínica. No puede ser utilizado con fines comerciales o de publicidad.
Fue obligada a regresar a Rhode Island, viajó a Long Island, Nueva York para predicar, pero su conciencia la llevó a volver a Massachusetts en 1660 para retar la ley anticuáquera. A pesar de las súplicas de su esposo y otros familiares, de nuevo rehusó arrepentirse, y volvió a ser condenada y sentenciada a muerte el 31 de mayo. El día siguiente, Mary Dyer fue ahorcada en el centro de Boston por el delito de ser cuáquera en Massachusetts. En sus últimos minutos de vida, no dio muestra alguna de arrepentimiento y fue públicamente ejecutada ante la comunidad de Boston. Se erigió una estatua, en su honor, frente al capitolio del estado de Massachusetts, en Boston.[3]​[4]​
Murota es una mujer embarazada de 19 años que abandono los estudios y se caso a temprana edad. Es alegre y radiante, siempre intentando animar a las demás, sobre todo a Ripple, de la cuál se hace colega y gran amiga. A ella no le gustan los conflictos, pero sabe que si estos no se solucionan de buena forma hay que confrontarlos. Al transformarse en Top Speed su cabello se vuelve anaranjado, largo y peinado en dos grandes trenzas, su vestimenta es como la de una bruja, con sombrero y capa. Su habilidad controlar una escoba voladora, que puede ir a grandes velocidades y cargar bastante peso, siendo ella la más veloz de todas las Chicas Mágicas, cuando utiliza su habilidad para fines ofensivos su escoba se transforma en una especie de moto voladora con un poder ofensivo bastante considerable pero solo puede atacare de frente. Ella es la octava Chica Mágica en morir después de ser apuñalada por Swim Swim en un ataque sorpresa.
En su primera singladura, el Thor, que había zarpado el 6 de junio de 1940, operó temporalmente en las mismas aguas en que desde noviembre de 1940 estuvo el Admiral Scheer. Para camuflarse de sus enemigos, el barco navegó por temporadas bajo bandera yugoslava (con el nombre de Vir) o soviética. Antes de abrir fuego sobre un buque enemigo, hizaba la bandera de guerra de la Armada del Tercer Reich.
Es un destacado escalador, debido a sus características físicas, poca altura (1.68) y poco peso (52 kg) por lo que aguanta muy bien todo tipo de subidas. Dicho hecho se vio refrendado en su victoria en la etapa reina de la Vuelta a España 2013, con final en el mítico Angliru. Sin embargo estas características, hacen de la contrarreloj su debilidad, lo que le hace no poder luchar por ganar grandes vueltas.
El municipio de West Whiteland (en inglés: West Whiteland Township) es un municipio ubicado en el condado de Chester en el estado estadounidense de Pensilvania. En el año 2000 tenía una población de 16.449 habitantes y una densidad poblacional de 491.5 personas por km².[1]​
Por campos de batalla abandonados, inexploradas montañas nevadas, rascacielos resplandecientes o el corrupto submundo de combate de robots Iron Kid nos brinda una carrera trepidante llena de aventura, acción, comedia y descubrimiento personal.
En Caldas están establecidas varias emisoras en AM y FM, tanto de cobertura regional como nacional, de las cuales la mayoría son manejadas por Caracol Radio o RCN Radio, aunque hay otras emisoras independientes de gran sintonía; igualmente los municipios cuentan con sus propias emisoras locales. En el departamento, especialmente en Manizales y sus municipios aledaños circulan los periódicos La Patria, Q'hubo y Nuevo Estadio, También circulan los periódicos El Tiempo y el El Espectador ambos de tiraje nacional.[cita requerida]
Volvió a correr la Vuelta a España como jefe de filas. Estuvo con los mejores en la primera etapa de montaña finalizada en Cumbres Verdes, pero eso solo fue un espejismo ya que en las posteriores etapas sufrió mucho hasta tal punto de tener que abandonar en la decimotercera. Así, Elissonde cerró una temporada para olvidar.
Un juego popular conocido como el Proyecto de Crianza de Chicas Mágicas tiene la habilidad de darles a los jugadores una oportunidad de 1 en 10000 de convertirse en una verdadera Chica Mágica. Estas Chicas Mágicas poseen poderes únicos dados a cada una y se espera que ayuden y protejan a la gente. Sin embargo, en un punto, la administración decidió que 16 Chicas Mágicas en una ciudad es demasiado, decidiendo cortar la población de las Chicas Mágicas a la mitad. La regla rápidamente se vuelve retorcida ya que las 16 chicas se ven involucradas en una batalla de supervivencia unas contra otras.
Otras monarquías con vocación universal surgieron en ambos extremos de Europa: Inglaterra y Rusia. La monarquía universal rusa o Imperio ruso era de religión ortodoxa, feudal en lo socioeconómico y autócrata en lo político, basada en la figura sagrada del zar. Estableció un vasto continuo territorial entre Europa y Asia, y se consideraba a sí misma la Tercera Roma.[11]​ La monarquía universal inglesa o Imperio británico era de religión anglicana, capitalista y burguesa en lo socioeconómico y liberal en lo político. Estableció una verdadera talasocracia (gobierno de los mares), sin continuidad territorial.[12]​ Ambas tenían similitudes y diferencias con la Monarquía Católica, Monarquía Hispánica o Imperio español, que había sido hegemónico entre 1525 y 1648. La hegemonía francesa desde 1648 puso al "rey Sol", Luis XIV, en el centro de las monarquías europeas,[13]​ pero la nueva situación internacional, basada en el equilibrio europeo, le impidió proponerse seriamente un predominio absoluto, más que en el interior de su reino (absolutismo).
El municipio de Homer (en inglés: Homer Township) es un municipio ubicado en el condado de Medina en el estado estadounidense de Ohio. En el año 2010 tenía una población de 1462 habitantes y una densidad poblacional de 23,04 personas por km².[2]​
La Asamblea Departamental de Caldas, es una Corporación Administrativa de elección popular que ejerce el control político sobre los actos del Gobernador, Secretarios de Despacho, Gerentes y Directores de Institutos Descentralizados del orden Departamental; no está integrada por no menos de 11 miembros ni más de 31, a los cuales se les da el nombre de diputados quienes tienen un periodo de cuatro años, son elegidos por voto popular y tienen la calidad de servidores públicos pertenecientes a diferentes partidos políticos, la asamblea se encuentra liderada por un presidente, después le siguen dos vicepresidentes, y un secretario general, por último se encuentran los diputados; esta corporación goza de autonomía administrativa y presupuesto propio.
Ella es la ganadora del Proyecto, siendo considerada la Chica Mágica ideal decidiendo abandonar su hogar para resolver problemas por todo el mundo y ayudar a la gente pero ignorando las peticiones del mundo mágico, aun así debido a las perdidas de sus amigas decide entrenar con Ripple para mejorar sus habilidades de combate y no volver a ser inútil.
En 1909, mientras en Valencia se viven jornadas de exaltación regional, en Barcelona el malestar general explotó provocando la Semana trágica. El gobierno proclama el estado de guerra. En el Cabañal, para albergar a los heridos, se utiliza un edificio que parecía haber sido construido como hospital: la Lonja del pescado, que la Sociedad Marina Auxiliante está concluyendo en la playa de Levante.
Moyle, P. y J. Cech.: Fishes: An Introduction to Ichthyology, 4a. edición, Upper Saddle River, Nueva Jersey, Estados Unidos: Prentice-Hall. Año 2000.
Tama es una chica bastante ingenua, débil de carácter y miedosa, se deja manipular fácilmente. En realidad, es una chica de preparatoria que no es muy inteligente, tampoco destaca en los deportes, por ello su familia no le es grata y ella se siente sola. Ella buscaba ser libre y ayudar a los demás siendo una Chica Mágica, pero su actitud sensible e insegura es un obstáculo. Es una de las subordinadas de Ruler. Al transformarse ella tiene un traje con temática de cachorro, teniendo orejas, patas y cola de perro. Su habilidad es la de crear agujeros y túneles a gran velocidad sobre cualquier superficie, esto al principio parece casi inútil, pero es efectivo para escapes, trampas y siendo mortal en seres humanos. Ella es la décimo tercera Chica Mágica en morir al ser decapitada por Swim Swim.
Así pues, entramos en el siglo XX con una fisonomía muy peculiar de la Semana Santa Marinera. Había en las tres parroquias corporaciones de Sajos que rinden culto a Jesús Nazareno con la cruz al hombro; corporaciones de Granaderos dedicados al culto de la Santísima Virgen, bien en su evocación de los Dolores, bien en la de la Soledad; y las cofradías de Penitentes, en Valencia llamadas de "Vestes" en alusión al capirote tradicional que llevan en Semana Santa. Existen de estas últimas la Confradía del Santísimo Cristo del Salvador en los Ángeles, la Confradía del Santíssimo Cristo del Buen Encert (Acierto) en el Roser y la Confradía del Santísimo Cristo de la Concordia en Santa María.
El departamento ha tenido gran cantidad de personas, oriundas en el mismo, que se han manifestado mediante diversas modalidades del arte visual y que han alcanzado reconocimientos por sus obras.
Manrupe y Portela opinan del filme: “Falso romanticismo y realización poco rigurosa en un film pensado para las mujeres de la época” en tanto la crónica de Crítica dijo:
En 2001, el comercio bilateral entre las dos naciones ascendió a 50 millones de dólares, aumentando a 300 millones de dólares en 2007 ya 380 millones de dólares en 2008.[14]​[15]​
-----------------------------, ---------------------------------, --------------------------, c. Fernández López, concepción Morales Torres. 2009. "Flora Vascular de Andalucía Oriental", cuatro volúmenes. Ed. Consejería de Medio Ambiente, Junta de Andalucía, Sevilla
Ya en el comienzo de la historia surgieron imperios con vocación universal, que pretendían el control sobre todo el mundo conocido, acuñándose expresiones como "del mar grande al mar pequeño" (del Golfo Pérsico al Mar Mediterráneo) o "el Alto y el Bajo Egipto", respectivamente para los imperios del Antiguo Oriente Próximo y el Antiguo Egipto. La búsqueda de los confines míticos de la tierra por Alejandro Magno, o de los finisterres atlánticos y de los límites extremos (limes de las tres partes del mundo) por el Imperio romano tuvieron una base similar.
Solo cuenta con un puerto fluvial, La Dorada sobre el Río Magdalena es el principal y único puerto del departamento, pero actualmente no hay navegación para el transporte de carga hasta el sector de Puerto Berrio.
El 30 de noviembre de 1942 el Thor se abasteció en el puerto de Yokohama de combustible del petrolero Uckermark (ex Altmark). Por motivos desconocidos, durante la operación explotó el buque de abastecimiento. Además del Uckermark y del Thor se incendiaron y quedaron destruidos también el vapor Leuthen[23]​ y el barco japonés Unka Maru. Murieron 13 tripulantes del Thor. Erwin Wickert, agregado de la embajada alemana en Tokio, que se encontraba a bordo del Thor, redactó un impresionante testimonio sobre el suceso.[24]​
Cuenta con un área principal de 141.120ha y un área de amortiguamiento de 207.000ha para un total de 348.120ha; de las cuales 122.715 se encuentran en el departamento de Caldas, un tercio de la extensión total; 51.278ha área principal en 159 veredas y 71.437 área de amortiguamiento en 165 veredas(zonas rurales) de los municipios de Aguadas, Anserma, Aránzazu, Belalcázar, Chinchiná, Filadelfia, La Merced, Manizales, Neira, Pácora, Palestina, Riosucio, Risaralda, Salamina, San José, Supía y Villamaría
Influido por Isabella, en 1321 Manfredo modificó el orden sucesorio y designó la mayor parte de sus territorios para el hijo mayor que tuvo con esta, el futuro Manfredo V. El primogénito, Federico, quedaba relegado con una miserable porción de territorio, lo que desató un grave conflicto sucesorio. Dos años después Federico, con el apoyo de su suegro el Delfín de Viennois y del príncipe de Acaya, Filippo I de Saboya-Acaya (primo de Amadeo V de Saboya), ocupó parte del marquesado en protesta por su exclusión del trono. El marqués no quiso dar su brazo a torcer, mientras que su hermanastro Manfredo también armaba a sus partidarios aprestándose para la lucha. Acababa de comenzar una furiosa guerra civil.
Noriko es una niña tímida de 10 años que se convirtió en Chica Mágica cuando tenía 4. Nokko-chan carga un traje de maid con un gorro y orejas de gato. Ella es una miembro del Equipo Daisy y su habilidad le permite manipular las emociones de las otras personas a su alrededor, además de usar una escoba mágica como arma. Ella tomó el rol del Rey Demonio durante el Proyecto de Keek, teniendo la misión de matar a las otras chicas mientras ellas trataban de matar al supuesto Rey Demonio; ella hizo esto debido a que su madre está hospitalizada y necesita el dinero que Keek le pagará para pagar el tratamiento de su madre. Ella es décimo tercera y última Chica Mágica en morir cuando comete suicidio en arrepentimiento por sus acciones.
Ha escrito los libros Yo soy aquel negrito, dedicado a repasar los spots de televisión más emblemáticos, El cocherito, leré, Cocina para vagos, y Tapas para vagos. Además ha publicado junto a su hijo dos libros ilustrados: La Loca Historia de España (cúpula/ Planeta) y ¡¡50 inventos y la mente que los parió (MR ediciones) B En 1967 se casó con Marita Giménez Romero y tuvieron un hijo, Guillermo.
La 21. Freiwilligen-Gebirgs-Division der SS fue así reclutada en febrero de 1944 y oficialmente creada en abril de 1944 en Pristina (actual Kosovo) tras una decisión de Heinrich Himmler el precedente mes de marzo. Contaba con unos 6.500 hombres aptos para la lucha (oficiales incluidos), entre ellos un pequeño grupo de Volksdeutscher (minorías de lengua alemana) de los Balcanes, anteriormente pertenecientes a las divisiones SS 13.ª División de Montaña SS Handschar y Prinz Eugen. Sus miembros comprendían también un gran número de hombres provenientes de la minoría de lengua albanesa del territorio del Kosovo, y tomaron como símbolo militar el águila bicéfala propia de Albania. Ante la escasez de personal albanés competente, casi todos los oficiales y técnicos adscritos a la División eran alemanes procedentes de otras unidades de Waffen SS.
Lacordaire, T. 1863: Histoire Naturelle des Insectes. Genera des Coléoptères ou exposé méthodique et critique de tous les genres proposés jusqu'ici dans cet ordre d'insectes. Vol.: 6. Roret. Paris: 637 pp.
Laurent Latruwe & Gordana Kostic, La Division Skanderbeg, Histoire des Waffen-SS albanais des origines idéologiques aux débuts de la Guerre froide, París, Godefroy de Bouillon, 316 páginas.
Navotas se percibe como propensa a las inundaciones, especialmente durante la estación lluviosa y durante la marea alta, pero el gobierno nacional y local están tratando de aliviar el problema. La contaminación y la superpoblación son otros problemas que el gobierno está tratando de resolver.
Uno puede encontrar más epítetos en la alabanza de este artículo que Turguénev una vez ensambló para elogiar la lengua rusa, o Nekrásov para alabar a la madre Rusia: grande, poderoso, abundante, altamente ramificado, multiforme, de barrido amplio 58, que resumía el mundo no tanto a través de los términos exactos de sus secciones como en su extendida interpretación dialéctica.
El turismo también se ve presente en la economía del departamento sobre todo en el subregión Centrosur donde se encuentra la mayor parte de los atractivos turísticos, podría decirse que el mayor atractivo turístico no solo del departamento si no de la región es el Nevado del Ruiz del Parque nacional natural Los Nevados, sus termales muy cercanos a las poblaciones de Manizales y Villamaría también atrae a turistas que buscan relajación, en Manizales se concentra el sector turístico debido a la buena comunicación, es el epicentro turístico de Caldas, también en la vereda Santagueda (Palestina) es atractiva por sus buenos balnearios, también las diferentes actividades deportivas y los sitios arquitectónicos históricos y llamativos atraen a extranjeros, en Chinchiná las fincas cafeteras y sus respectivos cafetales son visitados por aquellas personas que buscan saber mucho más acerca del café, las diferentes festividades de los municipios son grandes atractivos, entre los más representativos se encuentran el Carnaval de Riosucio y la Feria de Manizales atraen anualmente a turistas generando importantes ganancias.
Kotasaurus fue un saurópodo primitivo que media alrededor de 9 metros de largo, 3 de alto y pesaba alrededor de 5, toneladas. En el aspecto general se veía como los más grandes prosaurópodos, con un cuerpo pesado, larga cola y cuello también largo. Pero a diferencias de estos tenían caderas más grandes y fuertes, con un largo hueso pélvico. Las vértebras dorsales eran simples, no bifurcadas como en saurópodos posteriores.
La conquista española del territorio de los Quimbayas comenzó en 1539 y sometió a los indígenas al servicio de los encomenderos. En 1542 se produjo la primera rebelión quimbaya y en 1577 la segunda, que llegó a adquirir mayores dimensiones. Derrotadas éstas se produjo una continuada disminución de la población quimbaya, de manera que para 1559 ya había desaparecido por lo menos el 55% de los cacicazgos. Los trabajos forzados, la desnutrición, las enfermedades y finalmente la guerra de los Pijaos contra los españoles, de la que fueron víctimas, terminaron de diezmarlos, de manera que el último censo de los Quimbayas, en 1628, registró apenas 69 tributarios, en una zona donde en 1539 se registraron 20 mil.
Joaquim de Carvalho fue un profesor de filosofía nacido en Coímbra en 1892 y fallecido en la misma ciudad en 1958. Ejerció en la Facultad de Artes de la Universidad de Coímbra, donde fue profesor de la disciplina de la filosofía moderna.
Thueyts (en occitano Tuèis) es una población y comuna francesa, ubicada en la región de Ródano-Alpes, departamento de Ardèche, en el distrito de Largentière y cantón de Thueyts.
La letra y música del himno del departamento de Caldas es de la autoría de Guillermo Ceballos Espinosa, destacado hombre cívico e historiador de la ciudad de Manizales, los arreglos son de Fabio Miguel Fuentes. Fue adoptado en el año de 1997, siendo gobernador del departamento Ricardo Zapata Arias.
Tiene una amplia discografía que incluye más de una veintena de grabaciones, que abarcan áreas tan diversas como la música barroca, las tradiciones españolas y latinas, el siglo XX, música crossover y el jazz de fusión.
Iglesia católica de San Martín y San Caprasio, dependiente de la parroquia de Baranda de Montija en el Arcipestrazgo de Merindades de Castilla la Vieja, diócesis de Burgos.[1]​
La salsa Périgord es un preparado que contiene dos ingredientes fundamentales: trufas (de la variedad tuber melanosporum) y setas. Existen diversas variantes con estos dos ingredientes.[1]​ La salsa se suele empear en el napado de preparaciones de ave, o de carne.
Mientras la lucha transcurre, Sammpak está a punto de hacer su golpe final, sin embargo, Marty al no querer rendirse, involuntariamente, activa el Puño de Hierro, cubriéndolo de pies a cabeza con una armadura robot.
Desde niño le gustó cantar por influencia de su padre, quien falleció. Regalado quiso imitarle y su madre le dijo que "no cantaba como su papá", por lo qué decidió estudiar canto.[1]​Emigró desde joven a la Ciudad de México para estudiar ingeniería química,[2]​ pero se inclinó por el canto y decidió estudiar en el Conservatorio Nacional de Música de México.[1]​ Gracias a un concurso, ganó una beca para estudiar en la Casa de Ópera de Zurich, Suiza.
También se dedicó al estudio minucioso de los insectos. Sobresalen sus descripciones del gusano de seda, donde describió el aparato para secretar la seda y el órgano ovipositor (Diss. Epit. De Bombice, 1668).
Shadow fue creado para el espionaje, la vigilancia y reconocimiento tácticos, además de agente especial para misiones secretas de alto riesgo . Para capturarlo, fueron necesarios 18 meses de intensa búsqueda para encontrarlo y 20 unidades del CDF para contenerlo, pudiendo ser detenido únicamente gracias a la intervención del Capitán Magnum para incapacitarlo y capturarlo. Después de examinarlo y hacer muchas pruebas, el resultado del programa de rehabilitación fue un 99,97% de fiabilidad. El General lo posee en la batalla final para atacar a Magnum y Marty, pero vuelve en sí tras un breve pero emotivo discurso de este último.
En Caldas están disponibles prácticamente todos los servicios posibles de telecomunicación o medios de comunicación, desde teléfonos públicos, pasando por redes de telefonía móvil, redes inalámbricas de banda ancha, centros de navegación o cibercafés, comunicación IP, etc. Las principales empresas en este sector es UNE; también están presentes TELMEX y Telecom (de Telefónica), principalmente en Manizales.[cita requerida]
Pueden distinguirse tres períodos en su obra como compositor. El primero, de 1926 a 1944, tiene como característica la presencia de ritmos brasileños: Romanza para violín y piano (1926) Imperio Burlesco para violín y piano, Concierto para viola, viola de amor, con coro y orquesta (1933), Cinco preludios para piano (1936), Agonía (1937) para contralto y orquesta, Concertino para guitarra y orquesta (1943), entre otras. Dentro de este período, en 1935 escribe las "Cinco Imágenes Musicales", inspiradas en el libro "Axiomas" del filósofo Carlos Bernardo González Pecotche, y "Duérmete Pequeño" con versos de Carolina Olave Barbot. Uniendo "Passos Perdidos na Sombra", forma "Ocho Canciones" para Canto y Orquesta.
South Pierce es un territorio no organizado ubicado en el condado de Pierce en el estado estadounidense de Dakota del Norte. En el Censo de 2010 tenía una población de 88 habitantes y una densidad poblacional de 0,31 personas por km².[2]​
Karl Hess: Toward Liberty es un corto documental de 1980 sobre el anarquista Karl Hess, producido por Roland Hallé y Peter W. Ladue. Esta película se hizo gracias a la valiosa ayuda de varios profesores y estudiantes de algunas universidades de Estados Unidos. En 1981 ganó el premio Óscar al mejor corto documental.[1]​
En 1996, Divac fue traspasado a los Charlotte Hornets a cambio de los derechos de Kobe Bryant, aunque ya para entonces el pívot se había convertido en uno de los primeros jugadores europeos en causar impacto real en la NBA, junto al alemán Detlef Schrempf y el holandés Rik Smits. Después de jugar dos años para la franquicia entonces ubicada en Carolina del Norte, el yugoslavo fichó como agente libre por los Sacramento Kings, que ese mismo verano firmaron al ala-pívot Chris Webber y al base Jason Williams.
Publicado por primera vez en 2003, en 2010 salió una segunda versión mejorada. Ha sido traducido a diversos idiomas y está respaldado por varias organizaciones para el cuidado de la salud.[1]​
También, fue co-propietario de Rattlebox Studios en Toronto, Ontario, con el productor Brian Moncarz.[3]​ Moneen, Basia Lyjak, y[The Getaway Plan son algunos de los artistas que han grabado en la instalación.
Main, 1987: A new genus of clubionoid spider from Western Australia (Arachnida: Araneomorphae). Australian Entomological Magazine, vol.13, p.77-81.
El concepto surgió históricamente en varias entidade políticas de Europa y Asia; vinculándose con el concepto de imperio, aunque trascendiendo de él.
Los matrimonios arreglados entre señores feudales, ciudades-estados y reinos, como un medio para establecer alianzas políticas, el comercio y la paz fueron comunes en la historia humana hasta el siglo XVIII.[59]​[92]​[93]​
Los matrimonios arreglados eran los más comunes en todo el mundo hasta el siglo XVIII.[1]​ Por lo general, los matrimonios estaban dispuestos por los padres, abuelos u otros parientes. Algunas excepciones históricas son conocidas, como los rituales de cortejo y esponsales durante el período renacentista de Italia.[16]​ y los matrimonios gandharva en el período védico de la India.[17]​
Durante los siete cursos que pasó en Los Ángeles fue desarrollando cada vez más su faceta como asistente, llegando a promediar en la temporada 1994-95 4.1 pases a canasta por partido, una impresionante estadística para un jugador de su tamaño y posición. Paralelamente, también fue ganando cierta fama de teatrero, pues se le acusaba de fingir demasiadas faltas cuando su cuerpo entraba en contacto con el de sus adversarios. Debido a ello, el periodista español Andrés Montes le apodó Vittorio Gassman, haciendo analogía entre el actor italiano del mismo nombre y las dotes interpretativas del yugoslavo.[4]​
Un manga spin-off ilustrado por Ryota Yuzuki comenzó a publicarse en Kono Manga ga Sugoi! WEB el 29 de agosto de 2016. Este manga presenta una historia original del autor.
Un complemento directo en voz activa se transforma en sujeto después de operar en la oración un cambio de diátesis. Esta transformación sólo puede ocurrir si el complemento directo desempeña su función típica de paciente o experimentador.
Habiendo una gran sequía, la gente del pueblo solicita ayuda a San Isidoro por medio de una rogativa. Llevaron sus restos en procesión. Al llegar a la localidad del Trobajo del Camino, a dos leguas de la ciudad, la urna que contenía los restos de San Isidoro empezó a pesar, y los mozos que pujaban no podían con ella. La dejaron en el suelo y empezó a llover copiosamente, pero los restos del Santo no se dejaban levantar del suelo.
Cribrostomoides es un género de foraminífero bentónico de la subfamilia Recurvoidinae, de la familia Ammosphaeroidinidae, de la superfamilia Recurvoidoidea, del suborden Lituolina y del orden Lituolida.[1]​ Su especie tipo es Cribrostomoides bradyi. Su rango cronoestratigráfico abarca el Holoceno.
58-10. Propaganda y agitación antisoviética y contrarrevolucionaria: por lo menos 6 meses de prisión. En las condiciones de agitación o guerra: lo mismo que 58.2.
El genio científico que dirige los intentos de reconstruir al gran General, lo último en ingeniería robótica. Termina por convertirse en el estratega jefe del General cuando se proponen apoderarse del mundo.
En la Antigüedad tardía y la Edad Media europea, el nuevo contexto cultural y religioso del cristianismo se superpuso a la herencia cultural clásica grecorromana y el concepto de Estado y sociedad del Imperio romano. De ese sincretismo surgió la oposición de dos poderes universales que se disputaban el dominium mundi ("dominio del mundi"): el Pontificado y el Imperio (primero el Imperio Bizantino y desde el siglo IX el Sacro Imperio Germánico). Teocracia y cesaropapismo fueron sus principios animadores.
El Gobernador es el encargado de la administración del departamento, es elegido por voto popular, ejerciendo un periodo de cuatro años y quien también nombra su gabinete compuesto por sus secretarios, las cuales son las siguientes.
Desde 1995, la presencia de Divac en la selección no fue permanente, delegando su liderazgo en jugadores como Dejan Bodiroga o su delfín Stojakovic. No obstante, fue partícipe de la última medalla olímpica del combinado yugoslavo -plata en Atlanta 1996- y de su último título -oro en el Mundial de Indianápolis de 2002.
Se encuentra en los estados de Río de Janeiro, São Paulo, Rio Grande do Sul y Santa Catarina de Brasil en la selva costera del Atlántico, en alturas de 150 a 1000 metros como una orquídea de tamaño pequeño que prefiere el clima cálido y tiene un crecimiento de hábitos epífitas.
Por el contrario, la prevención de los matrimonios arreglados le puede hacer daño a muchas personas que quieren casarse y pueden beneficiarse de la participación de los padres en la búsqueda y selección de un compañero. Por ejemplo, Willoughby sugiere[110]​ que los matrimonios arreglados funcionan porque eliminan la ansiedad en proceso de encontrar el Sr. y la Sra Derecho. Los padres, familiares y amigos proporcionan una perspectiva independiente cuando participan en el aprendizaje y la evaluación de la otra persona, la historia pasada, la conducta, así como la compatibilidad mutua de la pareja. Willoughby sugiere, además, que los padres y la familia proporcionan más de la entrada en el proceso de investigación y selección; a menudo, proporcionan apoyo financiero para la boda, la vivienda, el apoyo emocional y otros recursos valiosos para la pareja, ya que navegar más allá de la boda en la vida matrimonial, y ayudan a criar a sus hijos.
El Partido Guatemalteco del Trabajo trató de sostener la guerra popular prolongada en tres fases, adoptada en el III Congreso del partido donde se estableció como opción única la utilización de todas las formas de lucha, y lo confirmó un año después al definir que la lucha armada «es la que permitirá el acceso al poder». Sin embargo, ante los errores tácticos y estratégicos cometidos por la dirección del partido, las FAR desautorizaron al PGT en 1968 y decidieron reorganizarse y continuar solos en la lucha.[2]​ Las FAR se separaron del PGT con un apoyo generalizado de los sectores juveniles, no sólo por los errores tácticos y estratégicos del PGT, sino que también por las diferencias frente a la cuestión indígena: mientras que el PGT sostenía la clásica posición del comunismo ortodoxo, afirmando que la pobreza de los indígenas era una consecuencia directa de las diferencias de clase social, los jóvenes de las FAR, adhiriendo al pensamiento de Ernesto Che Guevara sostenían que los problemas de los indígenas no podían ser abordados solamente mediante los clásicos análisis de clase.
”Relato romántico malogrado por la dirección balbuceante y equivocada que tiene su principal y primitivo error en la mala adaptación hecha del libro original”
La European Organization for Civil Aviation Equipment, abreviado EUROCAE, y en español es una organización de uso común que se ocupa de crear estándares para la electrónica en la aviación. La EUROCAE se creó en 1963 en Lucerna (Suiza), si bien las oficinas de la EUROCAE están situadas en Malakoff (Francia), en las cercanías de París.
Mary Barrett Dyer (1611? - 1 de junio de 1660) fue una cuáquera inglesa que fue ahorcada en Boston, Massachusetts por desacatar reiteradamente una ley que prohibía a los cuáqueros entrar en la colonia de Massachusetts. Está considerada la última mártir religiosa de América del Norte.
En septiembre de 2014, luego de su bajo rendimiento, recurrentes lesiones y pocas actuaciones abandona la NBA. Por lo que regresa a la liga ACB, en donde firma un contrato con el Real Madrid de Baloncesto, luego de que el Barcelona descartara su fichaje, pese a ser el apoderado de su ficha para aquel momento. Durante toda la temporada es un jugador clave para hacer historia y ganar los cinco títulos disputados.[4]​
Estaba subdividido en tres grandes bloques. El más próximo al Grao es el Cañamelar, que se extendía desde el Riuet hasta la acequia de Gasc o del Gas.[5]​ El Cabañal se extendía a continuación desde la acequia del Gas hasta la acequia de los Ángeles y la Punta de Francia desde la de los Ángeles hasta la acequia de la Cadena. En el Diccionario de Madoz (1845-1850) aparece la siguiente descripción:
Desde este instante, las asociaciones de vecinos y plataformas que se oponían al plan iniciaron una serie de medidas legales en favor de la rehabilitación del barrio sin la prolongación de la avenida. Esta batalla legal mantendría el plan paralizado, mientras que la degradación del barrio en las zonas afectadas por la misma no ha dejado de aumentar.
La división estuvo completamente operativa desde el 1 de mayo con uniformes, armamento y municiones proporcionados por las SS nazis, pero con apenas 6.500 integrantes no tenía el tamaño esperado para una división de las Waffen SS (oficialmente, estas divisiones comprendían al menos de 10.000 a 12.000 hombres). Ante tal situación esta unidad fue destinada, aunque aún no estaba completa, a las operaciones antipartisanas al norte de Montenegro e igualmente contra los partisanos comunistas albaneses liderados por Enver Hoxha.
Su vida privada estuvo marcada por las continuas peleas y enemistades entre su familia y por la intensa rivalidad mantenida con sus colegas de Pisa.
En 2010 se anuncia su próxima incorporación junto con otros grandes baloncestistas, entrenadores y dirigentes europeos en el prestigioso Salón de la Fama.[2]​
Cuatro años más tarde, el 24 de octubre de 1997, y ya gobernando el Partido Popular en la Comunidad Valenciana, la comisión de Gobierno del Ayuntamiento de Valencia acuerda encargar la redacción de un Plan de Reforma Interior (P.R.I.) del Conjunto Histórico protegido del Cabanyal-Canyamelar. En la fase de presentación de sugerencias, se presentaron 3.267 firmantes en contra del proyecto de prolongación de la avenida y solo 19 a favor.[7]​ Sin embargo, el Ayuntamiento anunció un año más tarde que elegía la opción de la prolongación acodada y pasaba a denominarlo Plan Especial de Protección y Reforma Interior (PEPRI).
Los miembros de la EUROCAE provienen de las autoridades aeronáuticas internacionales (ej. EASA, CAA, LBA), fabricantes de aviones, proveedores de servicios de seguridad aérea, aerlolíneas, operadores de aeropuertos y otras entidades afectadas. El desarrollo de los documentos de la EUROCAE (que utilizan la abreviatura ED) es de carácteri voluntario. EUROCAE actúa como un marco en el que diferentes grupos de trabajo de expertos del sector aeronáutico intercambian sus conocimientos para el desarrollo de estándares. EUROCAE es el equivalente en Europa a la RTCA norteamiercana.
Julie Benz comento que "el embarazo fue el momento más emocionante de tanto de su personaje Darla como el de su carrera". "Descubrí que fue el momento más 'wow!' que tuve con ella. Siempre bromeábamos que podría embarazarse, pero siempre fue broma!"[3]​
Se especializó en poesía española del siglo XX y se licenció y doctoró en la Universidad Complutense con una tesis sobre La obra literaria de León Felipe: constitución simbóĺica de un universo poético (1980); editó la poesía de este autor y también escribió amplios estudios sobre la obra de Antonio Buero Vallejo, Leopoldo Panero y Ramón Gómez de la Serna. Recuperó y editó una novela inédita de Pedro Salinas, El valor de la vida. Fue profesor titular de literatura española del siglo XX (1984), catedrático (2009) y jefe del Departamento de Filología Española II (Literatura Española) de la Universidad Complutense de Madrid (2010). Dirigió el grupo de investigación Temas y géneros de la Literatura Española en la Edad de Plata y su proyección. Realizó numerosas ediciones de poesía y teatro del siglo XX español, revalorizando el de Miguel de Unamuno con sus ediciones, y publicó abundantes artículos monográficos y reseñas sobre su especialidad, particularmente para Dicenda y Compás de Letras, dirigiendo además varias tesis sobre literatura moderna española.
Con la muerte de Manfredo IV las posiciones se enrocaron y el propio marquesado estuvo en riesgo de desaparecer absorbido por sus vecinos. Pero finalmente el arbitraje de Amadeo VI de Saboya llegó a un acuerdo estable para los dos. El 29 de julio de 1332 se firmó un tratado por el que el trono fue cedido a Federico. Manfredo se retiró a sus posesiones de Laghe convirtiéndose en el primer Señor de Cardè. También se le compensó dándole en matrimonio en 1333 a Eleonora († 1350), una de las hijas del propio Filippo I de Saboya-Acaya.
Casa de La Cultura Ecuatoriana "Benjamín Carrión"; Casa de la Cultura de Manabí. «Personalidades en la ciencia, arte y cultura.». Consultado el 5 de agosto de 2009. «Profesionales Científicos.»
La idea de un único emperador soberano se sustanció en Occidente con Carlomagno y su imperio, que se convirtió con los otónidas y sus sucesores en el Sacro Imperio Romano Germánico.[7]​ La idea de prelación del Imperio sobre los reinos de Europa occidental fue aceptada por éstos, especialmente por cuanto se mantuvo en un plano teórico, y subsistió a la fragmentación territorial del Imperio, que se vació de poder político o militar efectivo.[8]​ La pretensión de supremacía se expresó en lemas como el A.E.I.O.U. de Federico III de Habsburgo.
El Sutton United Football Club es un club de fútbol de Inglaterra ubicado en Sutton, Londres, Actualmente juega en la Conference Premier, quinta división en la pirámide de ascenso. Su Estadio es el Borough Sports Ground.
La misión en general seguirá las líneas de su predecesora Hayabusa, con la adición de un artefacto explosivo con el que crear un pequeño cráter para alcanzar capas más profundas del asteroide.[3]​
Historia de una noche de niebla es una película en blanco y negro de Argentina dirigida por José María Blanco Felis sobre el guion de Cecilio Benítez de Castro[1]​ que se estrenó el 19 de octubre de 1950 y que tuvo como protagonistas a José María Gutiérrez, Ivonne De Lys y Enrique Chaico.
Entre 1665 y 1666 estudió la estructura del riñón, hígado y bazo, y describió minuciosamente el ovillo glomerular y los folículos esplénicos que llevan su nombre. Estos trabajos fueron recogidos bajo el título De viscerum estructura: exercitatio anatómica, en 1669.
La revolución francesa tuvo una vocación universalista que se desarrolló de forma extensa en el Imperio napoleónico, que más que una monarquía universal creó un sistema continental (en:continental system).
Akane es una chica mentalmente inestable que ataca a cualquiera que se cruce en su camino. Toda su familia fue asesinada por Cranberry durante uno de sus Proyectos, y como resultado, ella sufre de trastorno por estrés postraumático, y debido a que sus recuerdos del Proyecto fueron borrados, ella furiosamente busca por una "música", lo único que recuerda de Cranberry. Ella trabaja en solitario y su habilidad le permite cortar todo con su katana sin importar la distancia, siempre y cuando este objeto este en su campo de visión, y tampoco puede cortar objetos que estén detrás de otros. Ella es la cuarta Chica Mágica en morir, al ser aplastada por un edificio invocado por @NyanNyan de uno de sus pergaminos, después de que ella intento matar a las otras Chicas Mágicas.
La historia del departamento de Caldas está bastante ligado a la génesis de la región paisa en general en lo que tiene que ver con el tiempo de conquista, colonia y el siglo XIX de las primeras repúblicas.
La situación causó que Himmler ordene desarmar a los soldados albaneses de inmediato y devolverlos a sus hogares, y así el 1 de noviembre los sobrevivientes alemanes fueron rebautizados como "Kampfgruppe Skanderbeg" y destinados como simple regimiento a apoyar operaciones defensivas en Bosnia-Herzegovina en el otoño de 1944 y el invierno de 1945, cubriendo la retirada alemana en Bosnia y Serbia. En marzo de 1945, los restos del Kampfgruppe Skanderbeg quedaron dispersos simultáneamente en el norte de Yugoslavia, formando parte de las tropas de la Wehrmacht aún acantonadas en el extremo noroeste de Croacia, aunque algunas compañías de mayor valor bélico fueron enviadas al frente del Oder.
El municipio tiene 934 km² de extensión y 71 186 habitantes (2010). En la Provincia de Artemisa es el municipio de mayor extensión y el segundo más poblado después de Artemisa, de la cual dista 34 km.
Fue Gobernador de Manabí en 1962. Alcalde por elección popular de su localidad natal (1967-1970) cuando promulgó la creación del Himno de Portoviejo. Diputado Provincial de la Républica en dos ocasiones (1990-1992 / 1998-2003) , y Diputado Nacional del Ecuador (1996-1998) del Congreso Nacional del Ecuador. Como diputado logró la Ley para el Trasvase de Agua Río Daule a la Represa Poza Honda; Ley para Rentas Propias de la Sociedad de Lucha Contra el Cáncer (SOLCA) de Manabí. Presentó el Proyecto de Ley para crear las Autonomías Provinciales, aprobada en primer debate. Presentó y logró aprobación de la Ley de Creación del ferrocarril de carga Manta (Ecuador) - Manaos (Brasil) en 1999. Fue designado el Mejor Diputado Manabita en 1991 con el "Tamarindo de Oro"; Medalla de Oro y Pergamino de SOLCA en 1992, entre otros importantes reconocimientos obtenidos por su desempeñó en cargos públicos, actividades deportivas y vida profesional.
Según el censo de 2010,[4]​ había 528 personas residiendo en el municipio de Ruth C Rural. La densidad de población era de 49,92 hab./km². De los 528 habitantes, el municipio de Ruth C Rural estaba compuesto por el 96,4 % blancos, el 1,33 % eran amerindios, el 0,19 % eran asiáticos, el 0,57 % eran de otras razas y el 1,52 % eran de una mezcla de razas. Del total de la población el 2,08 % eran hispanos o latinos de cualquier raza.[5]​
En la Guerra de la Independencia, contra los franceses, tuvo lugar la batalla de Mañeru (15 de octubre de 1812), en la que las tropas de Espoz y Mina infligieron un millar de bajas al ejército francés.
Muñoz Rodríguez comenzó su carrera de profesor en 1971 en la Universidad Femenina de Guadalajara y en la Universidad de Guadalajara. En 1974, se convirtió profesor del IPN. En 1979, después de haber terminado su doctorado, se convirtió en profesor e investigador con el Centro de Investigación y Estudios Avanzados en el IPN, volviéndose el coordinador académico de comunicaciones y al mismo tiempo jefe de ese mismo departamento, así como del del departamento de ingeniería mecánica.[3]​
Pero eso sí, no está solo. En esta larga travesía lo acompañan dos fieles amigos: Buttons, su perro, un robot muy parlanchín, siempre metido en problemas pero siempre fiel a Marty, y Ally, una chica de su edad.
El guerrero más poderoso que el mundo ha conocido nunca. Nació cuando todas las naciones unieron sus esfuerzos tecnológicos e implantaron un cerebro sobrehumano en un cuerpo robótico. Pero el experimento dio mal resultado y, resuelto en extender sus dominios, el General desencadenó una lucha por el poder. Derrotado por Eon, el antepasado de Marty, todo lo que quedó del General fue su cerebro, que ha sido cuidadosamente preservado por sus seguidores. Estos intentan reconstruirlo en secreto y sólo el puño de Eon puede detenerlos.
La tarjeta de fidelización sirve para comprar mercancía a menor precio aplicando un descuento proporcional. Un ejemplo es un restaurante que entrega una tarjeta para que el cliente vuelva a visitarles y se beneficie de algún descuento que en su visita anterior no tuvo.
Una mortífera robot kunoichi al servicio del General. La fama de esta robot asesina, creada por el Dr. Chen, se extiende rápidamente. Encabeza la lista de los más buscados por el Gobierno Federal. Tiene aspecto femenino, es de color oscuro, especialmente negro. Su arma son las dagas negras que lleva en la espalda. Puede duplicarse y atacar a su rival con sus clones, como hizo con Gaff en la casa de los Eon. Es destruida por Gaff.
Dream Theater - The Making of Scenes from a Memory: The Alternate Mix (2003 - the first "official" release of Bottrill's entire mix - see below)
Durante las tres intervenciones los dos representantes se dicen frases fuertes y a veces irónicas, que el pueblo aplaude y vitorea, pero nunca se ponen ni pondrán de acuerdo, finalmente se levanta un Acta en a que una parte -la municipal- manifiesta que ha comparecido para entregar lo que es una OFRENDA; y la otra parte -el Cabildo de San Isidoro- manifiesta que ha comparecido para recibir lo que es FORO.
El Departamento de Caldas está situado en el centro occidente de la región andina, localizado entre los 05º46’51’’ y los 04º48’20’’ de latitud norte, y los 74º38’01’’ y 75º55’45’’ de longitud oeste. Cuenta con una superficie de 7.888 km² lo que representa el 0.69 % del territorio nacional, sus límites son:
Punta Maldonado es el principal destino turístico de playa con el que cuenta el municipio, sin embargo debido a la poca inversion gubernamental y privada, la localidad no es contemplada como potencia turística o portuaria.
rudolph leopold Biesele. 1987. The History of the German Settlements in Texas. German-Texan Heritage Society, (edición original de 1930), tapa dura, 261 pp.
Fav es la mascota anfitriona del juego Proyecto de Crianza de Chicas Mágicas, donde se encarga de guiar a los usuarios y enseñarles. Él está encargado de buscar, además, a posibles Chicas Mágicas según las aptitudes de estas. Su apariencia es la de una pequeña esfera bicolor, con una cola que siempre está moviéndose; tiene una voz aguda y siempre termina cada frase u oración con "pon". Él conspiro con Cranberry para que la selección de Chicas Mágicas terminara siendo una competencia de supervivencia entregando informes falsos al mundo mágico para encubrir sus acciones debido a que consideraba el anterior sistema de selección aburrido. Es sádico, cruel e inmoral, no parece importándole si las Chicas Mágicas son asesinadas una por una hasta burlándose de las que consideraba inútiles. Después de la muerte de Cranberry, Swin Swin terminó siendo su nueva maestra, pero Fav no estaba conforme con ella por lo que planeó que ella y Ripple se asesinaran mutuamente para que Snow White fuera su nueva maestra, ya que creía poder controlarla sin embargo Snow White se negó a ser su maestra queriendo destruirlo por la muerte de las chicas mágicas. Fav fue detenido por Ripple, quien destruyó su interfaz.
Si bien George ya sabía sobre la recompensa por la captura de los muchachos, el no tenía ningún interés en entregarlos por dinero, sino que quería ayudarlos, en especial a Marty a quien le da consejos de lucha.
Cuando los Estados Unidos cortaron el financiamiento a Chile por la nacionalización de su industria de cobre, Allende se vio obligado a buscar relaciones alternativas para el financiamiento y el comercio, lo cual culminó con una delegación chilena de alto nivel visitando la Unión Soviética en mayo de 1971, en la que se acordó la creación de una Comisión de Comercio Soviético-Chilena. Allende fue en una visita de Estado a la Unión Soviética en diciembre de 1972 con el fin de obtener ayuda y financiamiento de Leonid Brezhnev, pero su visita no fue un éxito.[1]​ Mientras algunos funcionarios de Santiago creían que el viaje de Allende a la Unión Soviética obligaría a Moscú a liberar a Chile de su dependencia de Estados Unidos, otros argumentaron que no sería suficiente para contrarrestar el déficit de balanza de pagos de Chile.[7]​ Allende y el líder del Partido Comunista Chileno (Luis Corvalán) se reunieron en diciembre de 1972 con Leonid Brezhnev, Alexi Kosygin y Nikolai Podgorny. El plan de Allende y Corvalán exigía grandes créditos a corto plazo para compensar el déficit previsto hasta 1976, las compras de cobre chileno y una inversión de 220 millones de dólares en la producción de acero.[8]​ Allende trató de persuadir a los líderes soviéticos de este plan argumentando la idea de que su país fuera un "Vietnam silencioso" en un inútil intento de invocar el sentimiento antiamericano. Ni su plan ni esta imagen fueron bien recibidos en Moscú, ya que la Unión Soviética ya estaba vacilante en desafiar abiertamente a los estadounidenses en su propio hemisferio. Allende dejó a la Unión Soviética un consejo para resolver los conflictos con Washington, un nuevo crédito de 45 millones de dólares y acuerdos con créditos previamente acordados para aumentar la asistencia técnica de la URSS en el desarrollo de las industrias chilenas del cobre, la química y la pesca.[9]​ Desafortunadamente para Allende, en vez de aumentar la ayuda en Chile, la Unión Soviética redujo el apoyo económico de $ 144 millones en 1972 a $ 63 millones en 1973.[10]​ Allende fue derrocado en un golpe de Estado de 1973 el 11 de septiembre de 1973, y las relaciones con los soviéticos fueron cortadas nuevamente el 22 de septiembre de 1973,[4]​ Y no fue hasta el 11 de marzo de 1990 que fueron restaurados.[11]​ El gobierno de Pinochet casi instantáneamente comenzó a atacar ciudadanos soviéticos y perseguir una agenda extremadamente soviética. La Unión Soviética respondió fuertemente ofreciendo ayuda a miembros perseguidos y partidarios del gobierno anterior de Allende y denunciando al gobierno chileno como fascista.[3]​
Mientras el año escolar termina, la madre de Hanna regresa con su familia y Hanna encuentra una nueva manera de expresarse usando una cámara de video que le dio su maestra
Está integrado por 38 especies, las que son denominadas comúnmente morenas. Algunas sufren grave presión de colecta con el objetivo de emplearlas como carnada para la pesca deportiva del dorado y el surubí. La mayor especie (Gymnotus carapo) alcanza una longitud total de 76 cm.
Antes de la llegada de los españoles a territorio caldense, varias comunidades indígenas subsistían, en cacicazgos distribuidos por toda la región, sobre todo en las montañas cercanas al río Cauca, debido a la mejor calidad de suelos.
El departamento se subdivide en municipios, cuya administración está a cargo de un alcalde y un concejo municipal, son elegidos por voto popular y por un periodo de cuatro años.
Según el censo de 2010,[4]​ había 19 personas residiendo en el municipio de Germania. La densidad de población era de 0,2 hab./km². De los 19 habitantes, el municipio de Germania estaba compuesto por el 100 % blancos. Del total de la población el 0 % eran hispanos o latinos de cualquier raza.[5]​
En 1661 él identificó y describió la red pulmonar y capilar de conexión de pequeñas arterias con las venas pequeñas, uno de los descubrimientos más importantes en la historia de la ciencia.[1]​
Mientras tanto, Ally y Buttons son llamados por la nieta de Orange Mama, ya que ella, solo quería jugar. Ally intenta lo posible para averigüar un método de salida de la prisión, pero estaba mucho más preocupada por Marty, tras saber que él se encontraría participando en el Torneo de Lucha Libre.
Ella era miembro de otro grupo de Chicas Mágicas, y después de que todas fueron asesinadas por un demonio fuera de control, ella mató al demonio y se convirtió en la maestra de Fav. Ella confabulo con Fav para hacer que la selección y entrenamiento de Chicas Mágicas fuera una competencia de supervivencia cuando en realidad no era así en un principio, solo para luchar con oponentes fuertes.
La Ruta de Carlos V en Castilla y León comienza precisamente en Agüera, donde Carlos V llegó el 8 de octubre de 1556 tras partir desde Laredo donde había desembarcado.
Al día siguiente Ángel regresa al Hyperion y le trae regalos a todos sus empleados. Cordelia tiene una violenta visión de unos vampiros matando a unos muchachos en una fiesta y llevándose a unos como rehenes. Ángel, Wesley y Gunn van a enfrentarse a los vampiros, pero llegan tarde. Ángel usa sus instintos para rastrear a los vampiros y consigue detener el vehículo donde se encontraban escapando. Durante la batalla Ángel mata a una vampiresa que al parecer conocía a Ángel y este la reconoce como Elizabeth tras arrebatarle su collar.
A lo largo de la historia humana hasta los tiempos modernos, la práctica de los matrimonios arreglados se ha animado por una combinación de factores tales como la práctica del matrimonio infantil,[41]​ el matrimonio tardío, la tradición,[42]​[43]​ cultura, religión, pobreza y pocas opciones, discapacidad,[44]​ cuestiones de riqueza y herencia, política o conflictos sociales y étnicos.[45]​[46]​[47]​
Vlade Divac (en serbio, Владе Дивац), nacido el 3 de febrero de 1968 en Prijepolje, Yugoslavia (hoy Serbia), es un ex jugador de la NBA, que jugó en la posición de pívot y que era reconocido por su gran habilidad para hacer pases. Además, es uno de los siete únicos jugadores en la historia de la NBA que ha conseguido al menos 13.000 puntos, 9.000 rebotes, 3.000 asistencias y 1.500 tapones a lo largo de su carrera en Estados Unidos; un honor que comparte con Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Hakeem Olajuwon, Shaquille O'Neal, Tim Duncan, Kevin Garnett y Pau Gasol.[1]​
A las 21.30 del 6 de junio de 1940 zarpó el Thor en medio del mayor secreto, sin que la tripulación se hubiera podido despedir de sus familiares ni decirles cuánto tiempo estarían en el mar. Serían 329 días los de este primer viaje, casi un año, que tras cruzar el Estrecho de Dinamarca le llevó a irrumpir en el Atlántico Norte, el Sur, y los mares entre el oriente suramericano y la costa occidental africana.[1]​
La serie se centra en el Rey Julien, antes de los acontecimientos de la película Madagascar y su séquito real, Maurice y Mort, a ellos también se le agrega una nueva amiga llamada Clover.
La Real Colegiata y Basílica de San Isidoro, conocida por su Museo, donde se puede contemplar el "Panteón de los Reyes de León", el "Cáliz de Doña Urraca", Códices medievales y otras maravillas de ese periodo histórico; y donde también se alberga el "Arca de los Marfiles", relicario que contiene los restos de San Isidoro de Sevilla, desde su traslado en el año 1063.
oscar Haas. 1968. History of New Braunfels and Comal County, Texas, 1844–1946. Austin: Steck, 1968. Dolph Briscoe Center for American History, University of Texas at Austin. 338 pp.
Antonio envió un legado a Cleopatra. (En este caso "un legado" aunque es una persona no lleva preposición para evitar la confusión con el complemento indirecto)
padres o tutores eligen, entonces los individuos son consultados, quienes consideran y consienten el arreglo, cada individuo tiene el poder de rechazar. A veces, las personas se reúnen (en un entorno familiar o privado) antes del compromiso y el casamiento como en la costumbre shiduj entre Judíos ortodoxos.
Sus estudios primarios los realizó en la escuela Tiburcio Macias y los secundarios en el colegio Nacional Olmedo. Obtuvo el título de médico cirujano en la Universidad de Guayaquil en 1957. Luego participó en múltiples congresos de cirugía especializada a nivel internacional. Fue parte del International College of Surgeons. Creó la técnica para reparar hernia de ombligo en cesárea, presentada en la Universidad Johns Hopkins en 1979.
Aunque es dura en combate, tiene muy buen corazón. Trata a Ally como a una hermana y entre ellas nace una sólida amistad. Demuestra su valentía enfrentándose a Khan para proteger a Ally, en cuya batalla resulta herida. También ayuda a Ally y Buttons a adentrarse en el Gigantor.
Por ejemplo, en parte debido a la prosperidad económica, el 40% de las mujeres japonesas modernas llegan a la edad de 29 años solteras. Para ayudar a los matrimonios tardíos, la costumbre tradicional de matrimonios arreglados llamada Miai-kekkon está resurgiendo. Participan la futura novia y el novio, la familia, los amigos y un casamentero (Nakodo, 仲 人); el par se selecciona mediante un proceso con los individuos y familiares involucrados (iegara, 家 柄); y por lo general la pareja se reúne tres veces, en público o en privado, antes de decidir si quieren comprometerse.[57]​[58]​[59]​
-María Francisca O'Reilly y Pedroso, V marquesa de Jústiz de Santa Ana, (había casado con Juan Ignacio de la Cámara y Morell). Cedió los derechos a su hijo:
Los matrimonios arreglados varían en la naturaleza y en la cantidad de tiempo que pasa entre la primera presentación y el compromiso. En un matrimonio arreglado de "introducción única" , también conocido como matrimonios cuasi-organizados[14]​ o asistidos ,[15]​ los padres o tutores presentan un cónyuge potencial o pretendiente. A partir de ahí, le corresponde a los dos individuos el desarrollar la relación y hacer una elección final. No hay un período de tiempo establecido. Esto es cada vez más común en Japón, partes de América Latina y África, Asia meridional y Asia oriental.
El departamento cuenta con vías de carácter primario las cuales lo comunican con el resto del país, todos los municipios se encuentran conectados por carretera entre sí por medio de carreteras de carácter secundario, a su vez estos tienen carreteras que comunican la cabecera del municipio con la zona rural, siendo de tipo terciario. Sin embargo, los municipios del norte se encuentran mejor comunicados que los municipios del centro oriente, donde la red vial no es densa, estas son las carreteras que pasan por el departamento y lo comunican con el resto del país:
Punta Maldonado es una de las poblaciones que conforman al Municipio de Cuajinicuilapa en el Estado de Guerrero, se localiza en la Costa Chica de Guerrero y limita con el estado de Oaxaca.
los individuos eligen, entonces los padres o tutores se les consulta, quienes consideran y consienten el arreglo, los padres tienen el poder de rechazar el compromiso.
Diversas encuestas por pequeños muestreos se han hecho para determinar si los matrimonios arreglados o los matrimonios autónomos tienen una vida matrimonial más satisfactoria. Los resultados son mixtos - algunos afirman que la satisfacción matrimonial es mayor en los matrimonios autónomos, otros no encuentran diferencias significativas.[124]​ Johnson y Bachan han cuestionado el pequeño tamaño de la muestra y las conclusiones derivadas de ellas[125]​
1839: Año de la sequía, el río apenas lleva agua, los molinos para moler el trigo no pueden funcionar. Conforme a la Ley del 20 de septiembre de 1790, los alcaldes deben conducir el agua hacia un destino de utilidad pública.
Viva el Rey Julien debutó el 19 de diciembre de 2014, por la compañía Netflix, con una duración de 22 minutos por capítulo, su segunda temporada se estrenó el 16 de octubre de 2015. La tercera temporada se estrenó el 17 de junio de 2016 y la cuarta temporada se estrenó el 11 de noviembre de 2016.
Regidores: Alipio Quispe Meneses (APEP), Gustavo Pumacayo Paucar (APEP), Emer Camposano Choque (APEP), Faustina Juvita Choque Pizarro (APEP), Ever Pizarro Quispe (Frente Popular Llapanchik).
Legislativa. Salamanca, España. «Observatorio del Poder Legislativo en Latinoamerica». Archivado desde el original el 1996. Consultado el 2 de agosto de 2009. «Diputados 1996-1998 / 1998-2003».
Tongyangxi, también conocida como el matrimonio de Shim-pua en taiwanés - literalmente hijo o hija política - era una tradición de matrimonio arreglado, en el que una familia pobre arreglaría y casaría su hija preadolescente con una familia rica como sirvienta.[95]​ La niña servía como sirvienta/esclava gratuita, además de ser la hija política del hijo adoptivo de la familia. Este tipo de matrimonio arreglado, en teoría, permitía a la niña a escapar de la pobreza y a la familia rica conseguir mano de obra gratuita y una hija política. Zhaozhui era una costumbre relacionada por el cual una familia rica que carecía de un heredero iba a arreglar el matrimonio de un niño chico de otra familia. El muchacho se movería a la familia rica, asumiría el apellido de la nueva familia, y se casaría con la hija de la familia. Tales matrimonios arreglados ayudaron a mantener la herencia del linaje.[96]​ Matrimonios similares eran comunes para mantener la riqueza de la herencia en países como Corea, Japón y otras partes del Extremo Oriente.[97]​[98]​[99]​
István ha dirigido como árbitro en la NB1, Primera División de Arabia Saudita, Primera División de Egipto, Liga de Campeones de la UEFA, UEFA Europa League, Copa Intertoto, eliminatorias a la Eurocopa de 2012, también las eliminatorias al mundial de 2010 y varios partidos amistosos internacionales.
El segundo de a bordo del General, Khan es otro veterano de la Segunda Guerra Robot que ya estuvo a su servicio anteriormente, y fue él el que decidió revivirle con la ayuda de Chen. Pero al ver los nuevos planes del General y calificarlos de deshonrosos, se enfrentó a él, siendo entonces destruido.
El matrimonio endogámico Arreglado: es uno en que un tercero busca y selecciona la novia y el novio de un grupo social, económico y cultural particular.
Una adaptación a manga con arte de Pochi Edoya fue serializada en la revista Monthly Comp Ace de Kadokawa Shoten entre el 26 de septiembre de 2014[17]​ y el 26 de octubre de 2015.
Segal era instructor de ajedrez en varios clubes. También dio conferencias en todo Brasil. Trabajó como periodista durante ocho años para el diario "Folha de São Paulo" y también escribió el "Jornal da Tarde". Fue comentarista en el Jornal da Globo, noticias de la noche de TV Globo durante la Rio Interzonal en 1979. Actuó incluso como árbitro internacional desde 1984.
Sutton terminó quinto en su primera temporada de vuelta en la Liga del Istmo División Premier y 2 º en la temporada siguiente, perdiendo en ambas temporadas play off semifinal a Staines Town y Kingstonian, respectivamente. Sin embargo, el temporada 2010-11 Sutton vio ganar el campeonato con tres partidos para el final y asegurar la promoción de nuevo en el Conferencia Sur. Después de vencer a Hastings Unidos, el 16 de abril, rivales más cercanos Bury Town tuvo que vencer Cray Wanderers a permanecer en disputa el 17 de abril de 2011. Cray ganó 2-1, con lo que los campeones Sutton. De vuelta en la Conferencia Sur para la temporada 2011-2012, donde terminaron en los playoffs perdiendo a Welling United en las semifinales.
Ante las renovadas quejas del Grupo de Ejércitos Sur contra los reclutas albaneses, el 24 de octubre Heinrich Himmler dispuso que la SS Skanderbeg fuera disuelta definitivamente, para entonces la división estaba formada por 86 oficiales y 467 suboficiales (todos alemanes), y 900 soldados, de los cuales sólo la mitad eran albaneses. El fracaso de los reclutas albaneses fue atribuido inicialmente por los mandos alemanes a la mala voluntad de los albaneses para unirse a la lucha del Tercer Reich y por el predomonio de la enemistad albano-serbia como única motivación para el enlistamiento. Ciertamente, a diferencia de lo sucedido en otras unidades de Waffen SS, ningún albanés integrado en la "SS Skanderbeg" recibió condecoraciones alemanas como la Cruz de Hierro ni recibió citaciones por destreza o valentía en la lucha.
El 30 de noviembre de 1941, el Thor zarpó con un nuevo comandante, el capitán de navío Günther Gumprich, recalando en Francia. El auténtico viaje comenzó el 12 de enero de 1942, duró 321 días y en ellos el crucero auxiliar hundió o capturó 52.037 TRB de barcos enemigos.
Marty pelea con el robot y le vence dificultosamente. pero recuerda que hay algo mucho peor, El General reactivado. Va a otra parte del glaciar y pelea con el varón invencible que estaba peleando con Shadow y el capitán Magnum. Lo derrota, después va al CDF, pero sin Buttons. Al llegar al CDF se reencuentra con Ally, que le dice que ha descubierto que Von Rhymer la utilizó para reactivar un gran robot llamado Gigantor y que solo ella lo puede desactivar.
En su ya casi centenaria historia el instituto fue colocado tres veces bajo la tutela de delegados pontificios. El primero fue el cardenal Arcadio Larraona en la década de 1940. El segundo, el Cardenal Arzobispo Francesco Coccopalmerio durante la segunda mitad de los años 90.Por último el canonista presbítero Carlos Azzimonti del clero ambrosiano. La compañía de San Pablo tuvo también diversas constituciones "ad sperimentum" . Las normas canónicas aprobadas el 10 de enero del 2010 le permitieron al instituto nombrar a una mujer por primera vez como Presidente. Fue durante este periodo que la Sede Apostólica solicitó a los paulinos definir y aclarar la naturaleza jurídica de la comunidad y propuso una nueva reforma de las constituciones. El 14 de septiembre del 2012 la sagrada congregación para los institutos seculares y la vida consagrada con un decreto prot.n.I.s 6504A/12 les otorgaba los nuevos estatutos renovados . La compañía quedaba así dividida en dos secciones autónomas.Una de hombres y mujeres, sección laical y la otra solo sacerdotal.[10]​
Keek fue la que abdujo a las Chicas Mágicas sobrevivientes de los Proyectos de Cranberry para crear su propio Proyecto. Ella está obsesionada con la idea de que las Chicas Mágicas deben ser puras e inocentes y odia a gente como Cranberry quienes han malogrado esta imagen. Ella está obsesionada con Snow White, a la cual ve como la Chica Mágica ideal. Ella se viste como una científica loca y su habilidad le permite crear un Mundo Cibernético donde ella es todopoderosa y capaz de hacer todo lo que quiera realidad. Al final de restart, Snow White le revela que su mentora quien le enseño todo lo que sabe, Pythie Frederica, apoyaba a Cranberry. Confrontada contra las fallas de la lógica, ella sufre un colapso mental.
La concentración de glucosa en la sangre está regulada habitualmente dentro de límites muy estrechos, entre 3.9-5.6 mM/l en ayunas y en concentraciones menores a 7.8 mM/l sin ayuno. El metabolismo de la glucosa está controlado por el páncreas a través de modificaciones en la relación de concentraciones sanguíneas de dos hormonas, insulina y glucagón, que este órgano sintetiza y secreta. El páncreas responde a la entrada de glucosa a las células beta de los islotes de Langerhans secretando insulina. Por otra parte, el descenso de la concentración de glucosa induce a las células alfa de los islotes de Langerhans a secretar glucagón. El hígado es el principal órgano responsable de la regulación de la concentración de glucosa en el torrente sanguíneo.
Britney Allen (Hayden Panettiere) vive una vida de ensueño: Es popular en una escuela prestigiada, capitana del equipo de porristas "Los Piratas de Pacific Vista", su novio Brad (Jake McDorman) es el quarterback estrella y chico más cotizado del instituto y tiene un grupo elite de mejores amigas porristas. Su némesis es Winnie Harper, quien forma parte de ese grupo de amigas. Pero la vida de Britney cambia dramáticamente cuando su padre pierde el trabajo y la familia tiene que mudarse a una ciudad privada de lujos y la vida que Britney llevaba: Creenshaw Heights.
Esta comedia lacrimosa de Jovellanos es una de las cumbres del género y una de las obras más renovadoras estética e ideológicamente de su siglo en España. Escrita en prosa, desarrolla una historia de fuerte sabor melodramático centrada en un personaje, Torcuato, que se ve a las puertas de la muerte por haber participado, años atrás, en un duelo donde mató al anterior marido de su esposa. El descubrimiento de que el juez que lo condena es su propio padre no detiene la ejecución, sino que hace más violento el patetismo de la historia, que tiene, no obstante, un final feliz gracias a la intervención del soberano.
Alexandru Sorin Segal (Bucarest, 04 de octubre 1947 - 6 de enero de 2015) fue un economista y ajedrecista judío rumano naturalizado brasileño. Fue campeón de ajedrez de Brasil en 1974 y 1978. Él se hizo internacionalmente conocido por su participación en cinco Olimpiadas de ajedrez.[1]​
Antes de participar en la Vuelta a España, corrió la Vuelta a Burgos, en la que se le vio muy activo. Lanzó un ataque junto a Alberto Contador en la tercera etapa, aunque finalmente fueran atrapados por el pelotón y acabó 32.º en la general. Ya en La Vuelta, Elissonde fue jefe de filas junto con Alexandre Geniez y fue 5.º de la sexta etapa. Perdió sus posibilidades de cara a la general tras la decimosegunda etapa, en la que se metió en una fuga que fue engullida por el pelotón, y perdió mucho tiempo en línea de meta. En la decimocuarta etapa, íntegra en territorio francés, se metió en la fuga buena del día. Se quedó cerquísima de la victoria en el Aubisque, siendo tan solo superado por Robert Gesink, aunque se colocó como líder destacado de la clasificación de la montaña. Finalmente, perdió la clasificación de mejor escalador el último día en detrimento de Omar Fraile, tras una táctica un poco alocada por su parte en la etapa con final en Sierra de Aitana. Aun así, Elissonde fue Top5 en tres etapa, 2.º de la clasificación de la montaña, 12.º de la clasificación por puntos, 3.º de la clasificación de la combinada, y volvió a meterse en el Top20 de la general.
Su nombre oficial se debe a que dentro de este barrio se encuentra el Congreso de los Diputados, cámara baja de las Cortes Generales de España. El sobrenombre, más popular entre la población, se debe a las "huertas del prado" que había en el siglo XVII en el actual paseo del Prado, que también dan nombre a la principal calle del barrio: la calle de las Huertas.
Las competiciones se realizaron en el canal de remo del lago Strathclyde, al oeste de la ciudad escocesa. Sólo se compitió en las categorías no olímpicas.
Himari es una persona que se preocupa profundamente por sus amigas. @NyanNyan viste el traje tradicional de un artista marcial chino y tiene la habilidad de sellar cosas dentro de pergaminos. Durante uno de los Proyectos de Cranberry, sus dos mejores amigas fueron asesinadas. Ella fue empujada por una colina por Yumenoshima Genopsycho, la cual se creía muerte, y fue quemada por el Rey Dragón del Mundo Cibernético, convirtiéndose en la sexta Chica Mágica en morir. Luego se revela que la persona que la empujo no fue Yumenoshima Genopsycho, sino Rionetta, quien estaba manipulando el cadáver de Yumenoshima Genopsycho con su magia.
Love ha realizado apariciones en The Tyra Banks Show,[8]​ The Keith Ablow Show,[9]​ y The Howard Stern Show[10]​ así como en Penn & Teller: Bullshit!, en el episodio "The War on Porn".[11]​ También ha publicado un libro, Getting Wild Sex from Your Conservative Woman, en 2008.[12]​
Estos ácaros alcanzan la edad adulta en unos 35 días, y su esperanza de vida media se sitúa en unos 55 días en el macho y unos 80 en la hembra.
Mahō Shōjo Ikusei Keikaku (魔法少女育成計画, lit. Proyecto de crianza de chicas mágicas?) es una serie de novelas ligeras escritas por Asari Endō e ilustradas por Maruino. Takarajimasha ha publicado 11 volúmenes desde 2012 bajo su imprenta Kono Light Novel ga Sugoi! Bunko. Una adaptación a manga con arte de Pochi Edoya fue serializada en la revista Monthly Comp Ace de Kadokawa Shoten entre el 26 de septiembre de 2014 y el 26 de octubre de 2015 y ha sido compilado en dos volúmenes tankōbon. Una secuela del manga, adaptando el arco restart, comenzó a publicarse en la edición de junio de 2016 de Monthly Comp Ace, ha sido compilado en 1 volumen tankōbon. Un manga spin-off con historia original ilustrado por Ryota Yuzuki comenzó a publicarse en Kono Manga ga Sugoi! WEB el 29 de agosto de 2016, ha sido compilado en 1 volumen tankōbon. Una adaptación a serie de anime por Lerche se emitió desde el 1 de octubre al 17 de diciembre de 2016.[1]​[2]​
La temperatura del departamento de Caldas varía de acuerdo con la altitud y el relieve, alterada por los vientos alisios del noreste y del sureste. Sobre el flanco oriental de la cordillera Central se localizan los sectores más lluviosos, entre los 1.200 y 1.600 metros de altura, donde la precipitación supera los 3.000 mm anuales. Los sectores con menos de 1.500 mm anuales se ubican sobre los 3.500 m de altura, en el parque nacional natural de los Nevados, que incluye las máximas alturas del departamento. La distribución de los pisos térmicos es cálido el 32% del total del departamento, templado 36%, frío 23% y el piso bioclimático de páramo 9%.
South Pierce se encuentra ubicado en las coordenadas 48°1′56″N 99°59′19″O. Según la Oficina del Censo de los Estados Unidos, South Pierce tiene una superficie total de 279.55 km², de la cual 251.48 km² corresponden a tierra firme y (10.04%) 28.07 km² es agua.[3]​
Clasificaciones previas incluían Cribrostomoides en la familia Haplophragmoididae y superfamilia Lituoloidea, así como en el suborden Textulariina del orden Textulariida,[2]​ o en el orden Lituolida sin diferenciar el suborden Lituolina.[3]​[4]​
De esta manera, la vida de un organismo puede definirse como la búsqueda constante de equilibrio entre sus necesidades y su satisfacción. Toda acción tendente a la búsqueda de ese equilibrio es, en sentido lato, una conducta.
Entre el 11 y 12 de noviembre de 1960, un grupo de jóvenes oficiales, suboficiales y soldados del Ejército Nacional de Guatemala se concentraron en la Ciudad de Guatemala con el fin de derrocar al gobierno de Ydígoras Fuentes, fundamentándose por la difícil situación de las unidades militares en cuanto a maltrato y soporte logístico deficiente[1]​ y por la corrupción y los malos manejos del Gobierno;[2]​ inspirados y alentados por el triunfo de la Revolución cubana,[1]​ señalaron en un comunicado que había llegado el momento de actuar para «derrocar al gobierno (…) y formar un gobierno que sea respetuoso de los derechos humanos, que busque los remedios para los males de nuestro país y que tenga una política exterior seria y digna».[3]​
Los chicos se encuentran aprisionados, pero Marty logra liberarlos usando la fuerza del Puño de Eon. Sin embargo, es llevado a otro lugar, en donde se le avisaría, de que el sería un nuevo participante en el Torneo de Lucha del Valle Naranja.
Los siguientes componentes forman parte de un bucle de retroalimentación (en inglés feedback loop) e interactúan para mantener la homeostasis (Fig. 1):
El método tan difundido por la escuela tradicional de preguntarle al verbo "¿Qué?" resulta desaconsejable. "¿Qué?" es una pregunta cuya respuesta puede ser bien un sujeto, bien un complemento directo inanimado. Tampoco se le puede preguntar nada a una oración interrogativa si lo que se espera es una respuesta.
Al igual que en el barrio Sajonia, pueden verse suntuosas residencias de fines de 1800 y principios de 1900, cuando albergaba a muchas de las familias más pudientes de Asunción.
Elissonde comenzó su carrera amateur en 2009 y pasó por varios equipos de formación franceses, hasta que a finales de 2011 fue captado por Marc Madiot que lo fichó de inmediato para la FDJ equipo en el que ha corrido durante de momento toda su carrera profesional.
Según la Oficina del Censo de los Estados Unidos,[2]​ en 2011 había 607 060 personas residiendo en el 4.º distrito congresional. De los 607 060 habitantes, el distrito estaba compuesto por 579 276 (95.4%) blancos; de esos, 572 040 (94.2%) eran blancos no latinos o hispanos. Además 7 804 (1.3%) eran afroamericanos o negros, 1 345 (0.2%) eran nativos de Alaska o amerindios, 9 981 (1.6%) eran asiáticos, 45 (0%) eran nativos de Hawái o isleños del Pacífico, 8 326 (1.4%) eran de otras razas y 7 519 (1.2%) pertenecían a dos o más razas. Del total de la población 25 765 (4.2%) eran hispanos o latinos de cualquier raza; 19 269 (3.2%) eran de ascendencia mexicana, 1 344 (0.2%) puertorriqueña y 150 (0%) cubana. Además del inglés, 674 (3.5%) personas mayor a cinco años de edad hablaban español perfectamente.[3]​
El Sunday Tribune fue un periódico dominical irlandés de gran formato, publicado por Tribune Newspapers plc. Se editó en sus años finales por Nóirín Hegarty, que cambió el tono y el formato físico del diario, de sábana a tabloide. Sus editores anteriores fueron Conor Brady, Vincent Browne (también editor),[1]​ Peter Murtagh (también editor),[2]​[3]​ Matt Cooper, y Paddy Murray. Se fundó en 1980, se cerró en 1982,[4]​ relanzado en 1983. Y, entró en suspensión de pagos, en febrero de 2011, después de dejar de comerciar.
El segundo período, de 1945 a 1961, refleja la influencia del nacionalismo musical uruguayo, a partir de haberse radicado en este país. La obra más importante de este período es Cantata a Artigas (1965) para coro femenino y orquesta. También escribió los himnos departamentales de Artigas, Canelones, Lavalleja y Treinta y Tres, además de choros, cuartetos, estudios sinfónicos, sonatas, suites, etc.
En el fondo del lago, el punto más alejado del Huechulafquen, existe un pequeño puerto, que recibe una embarcación que parte de aquel lago, y que recorre el Epulafquen en toda su extensión. Este es un viaje turístico, que parte diariamente en verano, y que permite apreciar el paisaje y el denso bosque andino patagónico que lo rodea. En ciertas zonas, el bosque se hace especialmente denso y enmarañado, formando la llamada "selva valdiviana".
Ciertas discapacidades físicas aumentan la probabilidad de matrimonios arreglados, incluso forzados, en algunas partes del mundo.[44]​[65]​ Okonjo dice que una discapacidad física en una novia, y más aún, en un novio es una de las razones por el arreglo temprano de matrimonios en Nigeria.[66]​
En la FA Cup 2016-17 el Sutton logró llegar a los octavos de final de dicha competición por primera vez en su historia, y enfrentará nada más y nada menos que al Arsenal.
En la actualidad hay cuatro puentes que unen la Isla con la península: el del ferrocarril, el puente de la Carraca, la autovía del Sur (A-4, E5) y el puente Zuazo (CA-33); los dos primeros son paralelos y los dos últimos separados por escasos metros. El puente Zuazo fue destruido durante el sitio francés. El puente original era romano y servía de paso del caño a la calzada romana que comunicaba Cádiz con Roma. Esta vieja calzada aún es visible en algunos puntos entre San Fernando y Puerto Real (en paralelo al actual recorrido de la Nacional IV en su borde derecho dirección a Madrid).
Fue docente de varias disciplinas musicales en la Escuela Normal de Música de Montevideo, fundada por Aurora y Sarah Bourdillon. Dictó clases de violín, viola, armonía, contrapunto, fuga, sintaxis musical, composición e interpretación. En los cursos de especialización de esta escuela estudiaron importantes músicos de varios países. Impartió cursos en Brasil, Estados Unidos, Alemania, Austria, España e Italia.
El departamento de Caldas cuenta con 27 municipios organizados territorialmente en seis subregiones, 34 corregimientos y 13 inspecciones de policía, además de numerosos caseríos y sitios poblados, los siguientes son los municipios del departamento:[12]​
1995 UP57 está situado a una distancia media del Sol de 2,575 ua, pudiendo alejarse hasta 2,737 ua y acercarse hasta 2,413 ua. Su excentricidad es 0,062 y la inclinación orbital 4,405 grados. Emplea 1509,82 días en completar una órbita alrededor del Sol.
Aunque no se confirmó nada al respecto, este episodio podría tener un pequeño Crossover con la quinta temporada y sexta de Buffy, al presentar a Ángel sufriendo por la muerte de Buffy y creyendo que es un hecho permanente.
Varias organizaciones internacionales, como la UNICEF, han hecho campaña por leyes para prohibir los matrimonios arreglados en niños, así como los matrimonios arreglados forzados.[115]​ El literal b del artículo 16 de la Convención sobre la Eliminación de todas las Formas de Discriminación contra la Mujer (The Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women, CEDAW) que cubren el matrimonio y la ley de las familias, prohíbe los matrimonios arreglados.[116]​[117]​
“En 1929 en Gerli en una capilla católica de la Compañía de San Pablo (hoy es la parroquia San José de los Obreros) el Ingeniero Armando Fischer abre un Grupo Scout que dura hasta fines de 1930. Pero no se desalienta y el 7 de diciembre de 1933 con 12 chicos abre el Grupo Scout "Cardenal Ferrari" en la calle Belgrano 2600 de Capital junto a Julia Hechart, José María Supino, Alfonso Rafaelli y el padre José Guerini. Al poco tiempo regresan al lugar original en Gerli”.[7]​
El Lago Epulafquen es un lago ubicado en la departamento Huiliches de la provincia del Neuquén, Argentina, en plena Cordillera de los Andes. Está separado del Lago Huechulafquen, del cual es tributario, por un corto estrecho. De modo que es más un brazo de este gran lago que un lago en sí mismo, aunque la tradición le asigna el nombre de lago. Su nombre significa, en mapudungun, "dos lagos", o cual refuerza la discusión sobre si es un lago o un brazo.
Pueden funcionar como complemento directo unidades de carácter nominal: sustantivos, pronombres en caso acusativo, sintagmas nominales, oraciones subordinadas sustantivas y estructuras coordinadas cuyos miembros sean alguna de las unidades anteriores.
Rómulo asesinó a Remo > "Rómulo lo asesinó" o "Rómulo le asesinó" (Ante la disyuntiva conviene transformar la oración inicial en voz pasiva)
En poco tiempo desde Milán la comunidad se extiende a Venecia, después a Génova hasta alcanzar un ámbito internacional con la presencia en París, Jerusalén, Buenos Aires, Montevideo , Santiago de Chile y Washington. El 30 de junio de 1950 la compañía de San Pablo obtiene del papa Pio XII el reconocimiento canónico de instituto secular de derecho pontificio.
Nicoletta (11 de abril de 1944 en Thonon-les-Bains como Nicole Fernande Grisoni-Chappuis) es una cantante francesa. Celebró su mayores éxitos de los años 60 y principios de los 70 con canciones como La musique (1967), il est mort le soleil (1968), Ma vie C'est un picadero (1969), Mamy Blue (1971), Fio Maravilla (1973) y Gloria Aleluya (1974).
Es el comandante humano del CDF, veterano de la guerra contra el General. Es bajo y fornido, con bigote y gafas de sol; además, debido a haber perdido un brazo en la guerra, se ve obligado a usar un brazo cibernético a partir del codo derecho. Gibson es serio y desconfiado, pero posee gran experiencia en el combate de campo, y se preocupa por sus hombres, ordenando que se retiren en caso de no poder afrontar operaciones de riesgo muy elevado.
Después de 40 años, sólo se volvieron a procesionar las antiguas hermandades de nuestro Padre Jesús Nazareno, la Pontifícia i Reial Germandat del Crist de la Concòrdia (la Pontificia y Real Hermandad del Cristo de la Concordia) y los Granaderos de Santa María del Mar, en la cual se añadió una nueva hermandad: la de Jesús de Medinaceli.
Cuenta con minas de mercurio y antimonio, alambre y caolines, pero más importante todavía, el oro que ha sido históricamente explotado en el departamento se reconoce sobre todo a Marmato por ser el lugar de explotación de oro más antiguo del país y ser un atractivo turístico de este municipio.
Dos temporadas más tarde, en 1991, el club sufrió el descenso a la Liga del Istmo a causa de una sequía de goles y una serie de lesiones,. A pesar de dos veces entre los tres acabados tras el descenso, la vuelta rápida de la Conferencia no llegó hasta Sutton era campeón de la Liga del Istmo en 1999 por el ex capitán John Rains. Durante este período, Sutton reclamó el cuero cabelludo de varios clubes de la liga en la FA Cup, incluyendo Colchester United y Torquay United. sólo en 1993 < Desafortunadamente, la estancia en la Conferencia duró sólo una temporada como la del U fueron relegados de nuevo en 2000.
El Acetoacetil-CoA es el precursor del HMG-CoA en la ruta metabólica del mevalonato, que es esencial para la síntesis del colesterol. También tiene un papel importante en la síntesis de cuerpos cetónicos que se produce en el hígado, sobre todo en pacientes con diabetes mellitus, ya que una deficiencia aguda de insulina conduce a una estimulación de la lipólisis y de la gluconeogénesis, y este aumento de acetil-CoA procedente de la β-oxidación de los ácidos grasos, provoca una acumulación en el hígado que condensa mediante la enzima mitocondrial 3-cetotiolasa a acetoacetil-CoA, que puede luego derivar en los cuerpos cetónicos.
Sutton ganó las elecciones en la Liga ateniense en 1921. El equipo no impugnó en la parte superior de la tabla y en 1926 terminó último, pero fueron reelegidos. Sólo dos temporadas más tarde, en 1928, el equipo ganó su primer Campeonato de Liga ateniense. Los años treinta fueron un buen momento para Sutton, quien dos veces llegó a la semi-final de la FA Copa Amateur (en 1929 y 1937).
Es uno de los comandantes del CDF. Es el encargado de dirigir la Fuerza Aérea, el Escuadrón de Ases. Es un robot enorme de color rojo vivo, con dos brazos que convierte en alas para volar. Es enviado a una persecución en carretera a Jack Acero, aunque no consigue atraparle.
En septiembre consigue su mejor victoria como profesional en la Vuelta a España al ganar en la mítica cima del Angliru tras meterse en la fuga buena del día de 30 corredores y en los que había ciclistas de la talla de Paolo Tiralongo, Serge Pauwels o David Arroyo. Elissonde lanzó un ataque en el Alto del Cordal a falta de 25 km a la meta que solo pudo ser respondido por el italiano Tiralongo, con el que comenzó la subida al Angliru en solitario. Sin embargo en las primeras rampas duras del puerto, soltó al transalpino y supo mantener una ventaja con el grupo de los favoritos lo que le permitió llevarse una inolvidable victoria y acabar 33.º en la general. Esa victoria le encumbró como una de las jóvenes revelaciones del ciclismo francés y del mundo. Anteriormente, en la Vuelta, en la 14.º etapa con final en Collada de la Gallina se le dio por abandonado, pero consiguió llegar a meta en última posición a más de media hora y tiritando de frío y bastante mojado tras una caótica etapa de perros.
En restart, se revela que antes de los eventos de Unmarked, ella participó en varios Proyectos realizados por ella y Fav, de los cuales solo se conocen 16 sobrevivientes, sin embargo, a todas ellas se les borraría la memoria para que no revelaran la verdadera naturaleza de los planes de Fav y Cranberry; este grupo de sobrevivientes de los Proyectos de Cranberry sería elegido para participar en el Proyecto de Keek. Ella además fue la mentora de Melville.
Según datos de la Oficina del Censo en 2000 los ingresos medios por hogar en la localidad eran de $36,357, y los ingresos medios por familia eran $36,643. Los hombres tenían unos ingresos medios de $37,091 frente a los $26,528 para las mujeres. La renta per cápita para la localidad era de $19,624. Alrededor del 19.4% de la población estaban por debajo del umbral de pobreza.[4]​
Ya en su segundo año se hizo con el puesto de titular y consiguió llegar a la final de la NBA, aunque en su camino se cruzaron los Chicago Bulls de Michael Jordan, que no dejaron escapar la oportunidad y se impusieron por 4-1 en el cómputo global de la serie, alzándose así con el primero de sus seis anillos de campeón.
Años después de la separación de Caldas, el 13 de noviembre de 1985 a las 9:09pm; el Nevado del Ruiz hizo erupción tomando por sorpresa no sólo a los habitantes de la zona, causando la mayor catástrofe natural de la historia de Colombia, dejando un saldo de más de 23.000 personas muertas, en Armero en el departamento vecino del Tolima, además un segundo lahar mató a cerca de 1.800 personas y destruyó 400 casas en Chinchiná.
Wesley, Gunn y Cordelia llegan al Hyperion luego de una batalla contra unos demonios discutiendo sobre los desacuerdos de su trabajo, de Fred y del retiro de su jefe a Sri Lanka para poder superar la tragedia de perder a Buffy. En Sri Lanka Ángel derrota a unos demonios monjes en un templo.
Miñano y Bedoya, Sebastián de (1826–1829). Diccionario geográfico-estadístico de España y Portugal. 11 vols. Madrid: Imprenta de Pierart-Peralta. .
El 4.º distrito congresional es un distrito congresional que elige a un Representante para la Cámara de Representantes de los Estados Unidos por el estado de Iowa. Según la Oficina del Censo, en 2011 el distrito tenía una población de 607 060 habitantes. Actualmente el distrito está representado por el Republicano Steve King.[1]​
¿Quién de entre nosotros no ha experimentado su abrazo omnipresente? En verdad, no hay paso, pensamiento, acción o falta de acción bajo los cielos que no puedan ser castigados por la mano pesada del Artículo 58.[2]​
Los principales productos de exportación de Caldas para el 2014 fueron el café (68,1%), refrigeradores (5,8%), desperdicios de cobre (4,4%), layas, palas y hachas (3,5%) y productos de confitería (3,1%), siendo los principales destinos los indicados en a tabla.[16]​
En la Vuelta a España, Elissonde se jugaba su renovación con la FDJ y acudía a la cita española como único jefe de filas del equipo. Estuvo en todas las etapas de alta montaña con los mejores siempre entrando entre los veinte primeros y aguantando bien las embestidas de todos los rivales. Además lo intentó con varias fugas en etapas de media montaña como en la 8.º y en la 10.º quedándose cerca de la victoria. En la penúltima etapa por la Sierra de Madrid, Elissonde se metió en la fuga buena del día, compuesta por 40 corredores. Sin embargo, pese a ser por terreno montañoso no pudo obtener un buen resultado, ya que un ataque lejano de Rubén Plaza a más de 100 km para la meta sorprendió a él y a sus compañeros de escapada. Finalmente fue 8.º en la etapa y acabó en una meritoria 16.º plaza en la general siendo el mejor francés tras Romain Sicard. Debido a su buena actuación, la FDJ le premió con la renovación por una temporada más.
Aunque de la mano de su nuevo club llegaron los éxitos que catapultaron a Divac en primer lugar a la selección yugoslava y después a la NBA, no fueron muchos los títulos que consiguió el pívot, reduciéndose éstos a una Liga Nacional (1987) y a una Copa (1989), escasez en parte debida a su coincidencia en el tiempo con la potente Jugoplastika Split. Sin embargo, al menos pudo despedirse del viejo continente ganando la Copa Korać de ese mismo año.
El interior se halla totalmente restaurado, debido al avanzado estado de ruina en el que se encontraba, adaptado ahora como alojamiento hotelero. Quedan sin embargo las puertas interiores que conectaban la torre con el edificio de habitación.
Créase el Departamento de Caldas, entre los departamentos de Antioquia y Cauca, cuyo territorio estará delimitado así: El río Arma desde su nacimiento hasta el río Cauca; este aguas arriba hasta la quebrada de Arquía, que es el límite de la provincia de Marmato, por lo límites legales que hoy tienen, como también la Provincia del Sur del Departamento de Antioquia. Parágrafo. La capital de este departamento será la ciudad de Manizales.
En otra línea judicial, las reiteradas denuncias del PEPRI fueron resueltas por el Tribunal Superior de Justicia de la Comunidad Valenciana en favor de las tesis del Ayuntamiento. Frente a ellas, se interpuso recurso de casación ante el Tribunal Supremo, donde se planteaba que el PEPRI suponía expolio, y que dicha cuestión aún no había sido resuelta. El Tribunal Supremo, sin embargo, desestimó el recurso en la sentencia de 12 de marzo de 2008, reiterada en la sentencia de 16 de diciembre,[11]​ declarando que no existía constancia de que se hubiera promovido ninguna actuación referida al expolio.
La península de Samaná es una península en la República Dominicana situada en la provincia de Samaná. La península de Samaná está conectada con el resto del estado por el istmo de Samaná. La península contiene muchas playas, especialmente en la ciudad de Santa Bárbara de Samaná. Contiene 3 ríos. Las principales carreteras son la DR-5 y la autopista de Samaná que lleva desde la península a Santo Domingo. La península también contiene el Aeropuerto Internacional El Catey Samaná. La península también tiene mucha economía agrícola y social.
Marty logra vencer al robot, al llegar al último piso se encuentra con Jack Acero. Al pelear con él se encuentra con una robot llamada Violeta, del CDF, que lo ayuda a vencerlo. Cuando Marty intenta hablarle a Ally, ella no le presta atención pero al rato recobra la memoria y se deja salvar. Pero al huir se encuentran con un robot que les impide el paso.
Muñoz Rodríguez ha sido un editor con varias publicaciones académicas y ha servido como juez para el Premio Nacional de las Ciencias y Artes.[3]​ Él dice "La comunicación es la esencia del ser humano. Si no nos comunicamos, nos deshumanizamos; por lo tanto es algo inherente a nosotros mismos. Por esta razón lo considero importante."[4]​
La Compañía de San Pablo (C.S.P) es un instituto secular de derecho pontificio fundado en 1920 por el presbítero Juan Rossi con la aprobación del Cardenal Carlos Andrés Ferrari quien fuera Arzobispo de Milán.[2]​ Se define a sí misma como una comunidad constituida por laicos y sacerdotes que animados del espíritu de San Pablo intentan vivir una total donación de sí mismos a Dios participando de la misión evangelizadora de la Iglesia. Los miembros del instituto son conocidos como paolinos.[3]​
Tatiana Hidrovo, Historiadora (marzo de 2007). «Historia de la Fundacion de Portoviejo». Archivado desde el original el 14 de enero de 2010. Consultado el 2 de agosto de 2009. «Simbolos».
Un fornido robot asesino, tenaz y malvado, líder de los hachas verdes. Ganó fama de asesino en la segunda guerra robot como uno de los seguidores del General. Lucha con dos hachas gemelas enormes que lleva a la espalda. Es alto y verde oscuro, con una marca en un ojo con forma de cicatriz que le da su nombre. Parece tener cierta rivalidad con Black Beauty, con la que hace tándem ocasionalmente por orden del Doctor Chen.
Tama-chan es el hámster mascota de Anna Sarizae. Cherna Mouse es una chica que viste un traje de hámster sobre un traje de baño y es una chica muy despistada a la cual no le gusta que se acerquen al territorio de caza de su equipo. Ella es miembro del Equipo Bell y tiene la habilidad de aumentar su tamaño sin límite conocido. Después de que todas fueron forzadas a comparar sus Magical Candies, alguien se metió con el sistema, convirtiendo en la chica con menos Candies y la quinta Chica Mágica en morir.
Esta obra contiene una traducción derivada de Hans Caninenberg de Wikipedia en alemán, publicada por sus editores bajo la Licencia de documentación libre de GNU y la Licencia Creative Commons Atribución-CompartirIgual 3.0 Unported.
Sōta es en realidad un chico, amigo de la infancia de Koyuki, pues compartían su gusto por las Chicas Mágicas. Aunque sabe que las Chicas Mágicas son generalmente para niñas, lo mantiene como un gusto secreto. Le gusta el deporte, en especial el football, y quiere mucho a Koyuki, intentando protegerla lo máximo posible e incluso desarrollando sentimientos amorosos por ella. Al transformarse el La Pucelle, según él, se convierte completamente en mujer, usa una armadura femenina, como un caballero y tiene una espada. Su habilidad es hacer esta espada tan grande como lo desee. Es muy bueno peleando, y aunque es un chico, cumple con los estándares de ser una Chica Mágica, que busca proteger a todos de las malas personas. Él es la tercera Chica Mágica en morir después de ser asesinado por Cranberry.
Considerado el padre de la anatomía microscópica, entre sus muchos descubrimientos y observaciones cabe citar el de la circulación capilar, las papilas gustativas y los glóbulos rojos (que consideró responsables del color de la sangre). Sus descubrimientos le indujeron a postular la naturaleza glandular del cuerpo humano, antecedente de la posterior teoría celular.
Se les combate con medidas sanitarias, temperaturas próximas a la congelación y baja humedad, también quedan destruidos por la inmersión de los quesos en diversos baños de aceite o productos químicos.
Brandi Love, nombre artístico de Tracey Lynne Potoski, nació en Carolina del Norte en marzo de 1973 en el seno de una familia de ascendencia alemana e inglesa.[1]​ Creció en Detroit (Michigan), donde fue a la Universidad Central de Michigan. Es nieta del agente financiero Jesse Lauriston Livermore.[2]​ Es presbiteriana.[3]​
La gens Atia (en latín, gens Attia) fue una familia plebeya en la Antigua Roma que podría ser idéntica a la gens Acia (a veces deletreados también con una doble t). La gens es conocida principalmente por dos individuos del mismo nombre: Publio Atio Atimeto, un médico de Augusto, y otro médico que probablemente vivió más tarde, durante el siglo I, y puede haber sido hijo del primero.[1]​
Un año después del Proyecto de Fav y Cranberry, un nuevo Proyecto ha sido iniciado, 16 Chicas Mágicas con un pasado en común han sido atrapadas en un mundo de juegos y forzadas a enfrentarse unas a otras para sobrevivir. El objetivo es simple: vencer al Rey Demonio; la tarea puede ser difícil, pero en este nuevo Proyecto, no todo es lo que parece.
El departamento de Caldas, cuenta por el momento solo con un aeropuerto, el cual se encuentra en la capital, Manizales y es para vuelos a nivel nacional, ya que es un departamento pequeño, con poca población y apenas en desarrollo, actualmente se está construyendo un aeropuerto internacional, en el municipio de Palestina, el cual aumentara el desarrollo de Caldas, el cual de los tres departamentos del eje cafetero es el único que todavía no cuenta con aeropuerto internacional.
La WB Network comenzó a transmitir la serie en formato Letterbox desde este episodio.[1]​ El diseñador de producción Start Blatt comento que el templo de Sri Lanka fue uno de los set más divertidos que construyeron ese año.[2]​
Precisamente estas dolencias sólo le permitieron jugar 15 partidos, tras lo cual el 14 de julio de 2005 Divac anunció su retirada, poniendo fin a una carrera de 16 años en la liga norteamericana,[5]​ donde promedió un total de 11.8 puntos, 8.2 rebotes y 3.1 asistencias por encuentro.
La danza, es un factor importante en la manera de manifestación de una sociedad, el pasillo es un presente en Colombia, este baile que se manifiesta de diferentes modalidades en el departamento (toriao, arriao, boliao, arrebatao, a lo desconfiao, sarandiao, a lo acostao y marcao); en la interpretación del pasillo hay dos tipos el fiestero y el de salón. Caldas esta arraigada a las expresiones folclóricas andinas por su ubicación, el bambuco y la guabina son dos danzas presentes en la cultura caldense.[20]​
Bautizada como la Capital de la Pesca de Filipinas, el 70% de su población está vinculada tanto a la pesca como a las industrias relacionadas. Navotas ocupa un frente costero estratégico y adecuado para todo tipo de embarcaciones.
Para la temporada 2004-05, el Fa previsto para la introducción de dos nuevas divisiones: la Conferencia Norte y Conferencia Sur. porque de acabado de Sutton en la Liga del Istmo División Premier, que fueron seleccionados para ser un miembro fundador de la Conferencia Sur. Las próximas tres temporadas fueron sin complicaciones, con acabado Sutton mitad de la tabla cada vez, y no un verdadero éxito en competiciones de copa .
En el primer piso de esta gran casa vive la dueña, Tsa Tsa (Coca Guazzini) junto a su único hijo, Cristián (Cristián Gaete), un joven con Síndrome de Down. El departamento del segundo piso es ocupado por Anita (Amparo Noguera), una joven estudiante de teatro que verá en uno de los jóvenes músicos al amor de su vida.
58-5. Instar a cualquier entidad extranjera a declarar la guerra, la intervención militar, el bloqueo, la captura de bienes del Estado, romper relaciones diplomáticas, romper tratados internacionales y otras acciones agresivas contra la URSS: similar a 58-2.
Empiezan entonces a perseguirlo los ninjas de Black Beauty, lugarteniente del General, por lo que debe dejar a su padre y huir de casa, para emprender un viaje por todo el Gran Desierto. En su camino se encontrará con robots, cazarrecompensas, guerreros legendarios y algún que otro bandido humanoide.
A la mañana siguiente, los chicos son atacados por una pandilla de motociclistas mucho más grande. Marty se enfrenta a ellos nuevamente, esta vez con la ayuda de George, que, a pesar de no estar completamente reparado, fue de gran ayuda.
La vida de este heterogéneo grupo de personas sufre un radical y positivo cambio con la llegada de los jóvenes músicos. La estrecha relación que se produce entre ellos, y especialmente con el joven Cristián, el que con su especial forma de vida, llena de cariño, amor, transparencia, exenta de violencia y con estricto apego a la verdad, dan nacimiento a historias llenas de emotividad. Historias en las que se presentará la vida de jóvenes de carne y hueso que sueñan, que aman, que sufren, que ríen y luchan por abrirse paso en el mundo con sueños, anhelos y esperanzas.
Hablemos ahora sobre el problema de estudiar la homeostasis comunicacional de una constelación familiar. En términos generales, nos parece que las familias que poseen miembros esquizofrénicos conocidos son estrechamente homeostáticas. Todo sistema vivo sufre cambios en todo momento y día tras día, de modo que es concebible representar esos cambios mediante sinuosidades de una curva en un gráfico multidimensional (o "espacio de fase") en el que cada variable necesaria para la descripción de los estados del sistema está representada por una dimensión del gráfico. Específicamente, cuando digo que esas familias son estrechamente homeostáticas, quiero significar que las sinuosidades de ese gráfico o de un determinado punto situado en el espacio de fase abarcará un volumen relativamente limitado. El sistema es homeostático en el sentido de que cuando se aproxima a los límites de sus zonas de libertad, la dirección de su senda cambiará de tal manera que las sinuosidades nunca cruzarán los límites.
Al terminar el asedio, en los días previos a su traslado a Madrid, las Cortes se reunieron por última vez en la iglesia conventual de El Carmen de la Isla de León y acordaron conceder el título de ciudad y el nombre de San Fernando, en recuerdo del rey Fernando VII, a la entonces Villa de la Real Isla de León, en atención a sus actos de valor y lealtad durante el sitio del mariscal Víctor al frente del ejército francés.[3]​
Su habilidad es la de escuchar los pensamientos de aquellos que estén en peligro o necesiten ayuda, sin embargo debido a que su habilidad no podía ser usada para fines ofensivos además de no tener aptitudes de combate era la chica magica más débil del Proyecto por lo que era un objetivo fácil, aun así se abstuvo de matar o tratar de lastimar a otros. En el arco restart su habilidad ha mejorado debido a su entrenamiento, permitiéndole leer la mente de la gente a base de miedo. Desde la muerte de Swim Swim, ella siempre carga su arma consigo.
En el departamento hay tres operadores de telefonía móvil todos con cobertura nacional y con tecnología GSM, Comcel (Claro Colombia), Movistar (de Telefónica), y Tigo (de la ETB, EPM Telecomunicaciones y Millicom International de Luxemburgo).[cita requerida]
Efector: es el mecanismo que tiene un efecto sobre la variable y produce la respuesta. La respuesta que se produce está monitorizada de forma continua por el sensor que vuelve a enviar la información al integrador (retroalimentación).
Poco después de la victoria continental, Keith Blunt pasó a administrar a Malmo y Barrie Williams se hizo cargo. Guió a Sutton a Wembley en el 1981 para disputar la final de la FA Trophy , pero el equipo perdió a Bishop Stortford. Esta iba a ser la última aparición del club en Wembley, un lugar que vio poco éxito para ellos. Durante el reinado de Williams el club terminó subcampeón en la Anglo-Italian Cup dos veces más , en 1980 y 1982. El club también fue subcampeón en la Liga 1981-82 del Istmo y en 1983 ganó el triple de la mayor Surrey, Senior Londres y Copas Hitachi. El Surrey Senior Cup la victoria de esta copa fue la primera de las seis de tantos años, un récord que se mantiene intacto, a partir de mayo del 2011.
Manfredo se casó en primeras nupcias (1287) con Beatriz de Hohenstaufen (1260 – 1307), hija del rey Manfredo de Sicilia y Elena Ducas. Con Beatriz tuvo a:
Como crítico se inspira en la teoría de la literatura expuesta en la Gramática estructural de Greimas y crea el concepto de "núcleo dramático", vocablo que toma de Buero Vallejo (quien vinculaba con él la "forma" y la "técnica" con aquello que quería "expresar") para indicar la "articulación de las isotopías del discurso teatral mediante su convergencia en una unidad semántica".[2]​
Las sentencias eran largas, hasta 25 años, y frecuentemente se extendían indefinidamente sin juicio ni consulta. Los presos en virtud del artículo 58 se conocían como "politichesky" (политический, политический заключённый, "politиchesky zakliuchenny" o "prisionero político"), en contraposición a los delincuentes comunes, "ugolovnik" (уголовник). Tras su liberación, el prisionero sería enviado a un exilio en Rusia sin el derecho a establecerse a menos de 100 km de las grandes ciudades.
La última pretensión de crear una monarquía universal centrada en Europa fue la del Segundo Imperio Alemán al inicio de la Primera Guerra Mundial, enseguida frustrada por los hechos.[15]​[16]​
La Fantasía en fa menor, K. 608, es una pieza escrita para órgano mecánico (o reloj musical) por Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, como parte de una serie de cinco obras para instrumentos fuera de lo común, que respondían al encargo de distintos señores.
58-7. El socavamiento de la industria estatal, el transporte, la circulación monetaria o el sistema de crédito, así como de las sociedades y organizaciones cooperativas, con fines contrarrevolucionarios (según lo definido por 58-1) mediante el uso correspondiente de las instituciones estatales, así como por oponerse a su funcionamiento normal: igual que 58-2. Nota: la ofensa según este artículo era conocida como destrucción y los delincuentes fueron llamados "saboteadores".
Situado en el Camino de Santiago a 4 km de Puente la Reina al este y a 3 km de Cirauqui al oeste. Al norte linda con Artazu y al sur con Mendigorría. En su término se encuentran el río Arga y el río Salado, en el que se sitúa una pequeña central eléctrica.
El recién creado Departamento, carecía de vías de comunicación eficientes, solo contaba con caminos de montaña que iban desde Manizales hasta Honda, donde el café se embarcaba en el Río Magdalena; Además de los sendos caminos de herradura distribuidos por todo el departamento, donde el grano de café se cargaba en otros vapores en el río Cauca, debido a que el café se había convertido en el sustento del departamento, por ello desde 1911 los dirigentes caldenses habían señalado la necesidad de construir una ferrovía desde Manizales hasta el río Cauca, de este modo en el mismo año se firmó un contrato en el cual se autorizaba la construcción del ferrocarril; en 1915 comienza la construcción y se ve terminado en 1929 comunicando a las tres crecientes ciudades Manizales, Pereira y Armenia con el resto del país. La llegada del ferrocarril no acabó con los conflictos entre conservadores y liberales los cuales ocasionaron un periodo de corrupción, y de regionalismo intenso, surgiendo grupos de personas que anhelaban la separación de Caldas en Armenia y Pereira, para poder así tener control sobre las decisiones y control de los dineros que financiaban las diferentes obras para el progreso de la región, es así como en 1966 nació el departamento del Quindío y, posteriormente, el de Risaralda.
Los noughties tempranos eran tiempos tranquilos para Sutton, aunque el club es notable como el primer rival de la historia de AFC Wimbledon, derrotando a los Dons 4-0 en un amistoso de pretemporada en julio de 2002 frente a 4.657 en el Distrito Sports Ground Sutton ganó el Surrey Superior Copa en 2003 y la temporada siguiente vio el equipo comenzó bien y recuperarse de una mala racha durante el invierno para terminar segundo
Sus mejores logros los consiguió en la Ruta del Sur de 1995, donde finalizó segundo de la general tras el suizo Laurent Dufaux y su participación en el Tour de Francia de ese mismo año.
En un primer momento, Giovanni y Giorgio, hermanos del marqués, intentaron hacer de mediadores presentando un acuerdo por el que Federico era reconocido como heredero, mientras que a su hermanastro se le compensaba manteniendo muchas de las tierras que tenía asignadas y otros títulos nobiliarios. Pero ninguno de los pretendientes aceptó el trato. A continuación intervinieron también los Visconti de Milán y el problema sucesorio de Saluzzo se convirtió en una disculpa de todas las potencias de la región para enfrentar sus intereses.
El club ganó el campeonato de la Liga del Istmo, por segunda vez en 1985. Después de rechazar el ascenso a la Football Conference debido a problemas con el estadio, retuvieron el campeonato del año siguiente y esta vez aceptada la promoción, después partidarios ayudaron en una gran remodelación de las áreas del suelo. Sutton logró cimentar su lugar en la liga, a menudo terminando a mitad de tabla.
Es tío David Summers (músico español, vocalista, bajista y compositor de Hombres G) y de Cheyenne Summers (actriz española de doblaje y locución), y hermano de Manuel Summers (director de cine y humorista español).
Debido a los desmanejos finacieros, la publicación era nombrada humorísticamente como "The Turbine (La Turbina)", especialmente por la revista satírica The Phoenix.[7]​</ref>[8]​[9]​
Una ciber-hada y mascota de Keek. Fal ayudó a Keek durante su Proyecto, sin embargo, Fal odiaba a Keek, con su relación lentamente empeorando mientras más chicas morían. Al final de restart, él se vuelve la mascota de Snow White.
Bajo la advocación de Santa Bárbara, se constituyó en el año 1932 en el Círculo Jaimista de Mañeru (Navarra) la "Asociación de Margaritas de Mañeru", para socorrer a las familias tradicionalistas necesitadas, y para proveer instrucción religiosa a los niños cuando las autoridades de la II República la eliminaron de la escuela. A partir de 1936 esta asociación femenina se dedicó a la asistencia de los requetés, muy especialmente a la confección de prendas de abrigo y uniformes para enviar al frente de batalla, del bando sublevado.
Fuera del Reino Unido, la canción también fue exitosa. Debutó en el número uno en Australia y se convirtió en el número noveno de Minogue en el ARIA Singles Chart. Además, "Slow" fue certificado platino por la Asociación de la Industria de Grabación de Australia para los envíos de más de 70.000 copias.
En la década de 1940, William Ross Ashby diseñó un mecanismo al que llamó homeostato, capaz de mostrar una conducta ultraestable frente a la perturbación de sus parámetros "esenciales". Las ideas de Ashby, desarrolladas en su Design for a Brain, dieron lugar al campo de estudio de los sistemas biológicos como sistemas homeostáticos y adaptativos en términos de matemática de sistemas dinámicos.
El condado del Castillo es un título nobiliario español creado el 24 de noviembre de 1805 por el rey Carlos IV con Grandeza de España a favor de Juan Clemente Núñez del Castillo y Molina, IV marqués de San Felipe y Santiago de Bejucal.[1]​
Hanna busca hacer una relación de Laura con Paul, pero claramente la inclusión del chico es para ocultar su atracción lésbica. Esto culmina con un juego de botella entre los tres.
La orden declara la obligación de suspender de forma inmediata la ejecución del PEPRI (necesaria para garantizar la protección del interés público en juego) en tanto en cuanto dicho Plan no se adapte.[13]​ Como respuesta a esta orden, el Gobierno valenciano reaccionó con un decreto-ley,[14]​ que pretendía dejar sin efectos la declaración de BIC que protegía el barrio desde 1993, en todos aquellos aspectos que pudieran oponerse al citado decreto-ley. La Ley de Patrimonio Cultural Valenciano, sin embargo, exige que la desprotección de un BIC se trámite por el mismo procedimiento que su protección. El decreto-ley fue recurrido por la abogacía del Estado ante el Tribunal Constitucional, que destaca muchas contradicciones en el documento.[15]​
Más tarde vendrían Segundos fuera (1986), Juegos sin fronteras (1988), La hora del TPT (1988). En 1990 se unió profesionalmente a Susana Hernández para presentar el programa Dos cadenas para ti, un avance de la programación de la siguiente semana, del estilo de Y sin embargo, te quiero o del histórico 625 líneas.[1]​
Al poco tiempo, se enteran de que el Puño Robot que Marty tiene en sus manos, es en realidad el legendario Puño de Eón, por lo cual se comienza a divulgar la noticia de una recompensa por la cabeza de los muchachos. Los chicos comenzaron a enterarse de esto tras ser capturados por Orange Mama, y así Marty fue obligado a combatir en el campeonato de lucha libre del Valle Naranja. Durante su primer combate, e involuntariamente, un escudo robot salió del puño y cubrió a Marty, protegiéndolo y aumentando sus capacidades para la pelea. Desde ese momento, Marty es bautizado como Iron Kid, 'el chico de hierro'.
Muy triste, Britney va al baile con Brad para dejarle, pero en el transcurso del mismo, Winnie hace un intento por fastidiar a Britney e insulta a Kirresha, llamándola "gorda". Britney la defiende y trata de intimidar a Winnie amenazando con golpearla (tal y como Camille lo hizo con ella cuando se conocieron), pero Sierra se interpone para evitar una pelea y sugiere hacer una porra. Britney demuestra los pasos y los versos que ha aprendido con los Warrios y deja impresionados a los invitados, al grado que Brianna comenta que deberían hacer ese tipo de porras en la competencia pero Winnie se molesta por el comentario. En ese momento anuncian al rey y a la reina del baile, cuando Brad y Winnie pasan por premio Winnie hace pública su aventura con Brad. Britney le da las gracias con gran serenidad, por liberarla de Brad y deja con dignidad el baile.
Las manifestaciones culturales en el departamento se ven marcadas necesariamente por la subcultura paisa y la región andina occidental de Colombia. La Feria de Manizales, el Festival de Teatro de Manizales y el Carnaval de Riosucio en la ciudad de Riosucio son no sólo un patrimonio departamental y regional importante, sino que tienen proyección nacional e internacional por su colorido, historia y manifestaciones populares y artísticas, también hay fiestas en los otros municipios que conforman el departamento; el deporte también es una manifestación de cultura.[18]​
Puerto Rico estuvo representado en los Juegos Olímpicos de Roma 1960 por un total de 27 deportistas, 26 hombres y una mujer, que compitieron en 6 deportes.[1]​
En la plaza de San Isidoro existe una estatua dedicada a este acontecimiento tan popular. En ella, una figura humana que representa a un Canónigo en el que se reconoce al fallecido (13 de diciembre de 2012) Abad emérito de San Isidoro, Antonio Viñayo González, que recibe el cirio de manos de una figura que representa al Síndico Municipal con el que ha mantenido el cruce dialéctico. En la peana de este conjunto escultórico se relata este legendario acontecimiento.
Regulación: en los organismos reguladores un disturbio ambiental dispara acciones compensatorias que mantienen el ambiente interno relativamente constante; a menudo designados con el prefijo "homeo" (p. ej. homeotermo).
Marty y Buttons al darse cuenta de esto, van a rescatarla, sin embargo, ellos son rodeados por los Maxes. Aquí, es cuando Marty (sin darse cuenta) es controlado por el puño de Eon, siendo protegido de pies a cabeza por una armadura robot, lo que significa, que el puño ha encontrado a su heredero.
Siglo VII: La construcción de la capilla de Saint Bauzile, que se covertirá en Capilla de San Roch unos cuantos siglos más tarde y la erección de la Cruz de Briges.
Es reconocida por su importante papel en la expansión del repertorio para guitarra, y, entre todos los guitarristas, aquella que encomendó y estrenó el mayor número de conciertos para su instrumento, así como piezas solistas y de cámara. Realizó recitales en los principales palcos internacionales, incluyendo el Carnegie Hall y el Avery Fisher Hall de Nueva York, el Symphony Hall de Boston, el Kennedy Center de Washington, el Ford Center de Toronto, el Barbican Centre y el Wigmore Hall de Londres, el Concertgebouw de Ámsterdam, el Herkulessaal de Múnich, el Teatro Real de Madrid y Olinda (Pernambuco - Brasil, 7 Set. 2006).
Asociación Nacional de Fútbol (en National Association) es el término que utiliza la FIFA (Federación Internacional de Fútbol Asociación) para describir a una organización reconocida por esta, que represente a una nación independiente en su respectiva zona geográfica. El conjunto de asociaciones nacionales en una determinada área geográfica compone una confederación, y muchas confederaciones, a su vez, componen la FIFA.
El Pueblo Nuevo del Mar se constituyó como municipio independiente con ese nombre en 1821.[3]​ Fue un pueblo principalmente pescador, y sus límites eran al sur con Villanueva del Grao, al este con el mar Mediterráneo, al oeste con el Partido de Santo Tomás de Valencia, y al norte con la acequia de la Cadena (actual Malvarrosa). En esencia, el territorio que ocupaban las edificaciones y el terreno más inmediato.
La reforma protestante, que convivió con la pretensión de Carlos V de establecer su idea del Imperio, tendió a rechazar el concepto, identificándolo con el propio catolicismo (de hecho, "católico" quiere decir "universal").[4]​
Serie que narra la historia de cuatro jóvenes estudiantes de música que luchan por abrirse paso en el mundo artístico, y de su relación con un particular chico que padece Síndrome de Down y que marcará sus vidas.
Dissertatio epistolica de bombyce, societati regiae, Londini ad scientam naturalem promovendam institutae, dicata. Martin & Allestry, Londres 1669.
La secretaria humana de Gibson, y su segunda al mando, encargada de la división de investigación y desarrollo del CDF. Es muy inteligente, y confía ciegamente en el CDF.
Estableció las bases de la historia moderna de la cultura portuguesa, que alcanzó gran proyección nacional, especialmente a través de los textos dedicados a Platón, Hegel, Husserl y especialmente, Baruch Spinoza, de quien se convirtió en un experto de renombre internacional.
La Isla de León está separada del resto de la península ibérica (es decir, de los municipios de Chiclana de la Frontera y de Puerto Real) por el caño de Sancti Petri, brazo de mar que se extiende desde las aguas de la bahía (al norte) hasta el océano Atlántico (al sur). Las comunicaciones terrestres con la Isla de León se han desarrollado, a lo largo de la historia, a través del puente Zuazo y sus predecesores.[2]​ Sin embargo existen también dos grandes puentes que unen la Ciudad de Cádiz (asentada en la isla) con el resto del continente. Son el puente de José León de Carranza y el puente de la Constitución de 1812, el cual se terminó de construir en 2015.
Per la Chiesa e per gli uomini. Don Giovanni Rossi (1887-1975) Toschi Massimo Marietti (collana Testi e ricerche di scienze).En lengua italiana.
Fundó en 1924 el Instituto Musical Brasilero y el Cuarteto Paulista. Después de una gira como violinista por varios países de Europa, regresó en 1925 a Brasil donde fue primer violinista de las orquestas sinfónicas de São Paulo y Río de Janeiro, además de presentarse como solista.[3]​
Un matrimonio arreglado no consanguíneo es uno donde la novia y el novio no comparten un abuelo o antepasados cercanos. Este tipo de matrimonios arreglados es común en el sur de Asia hinduista y budista , el sudeste de Asia, Extremo Oriente, América latina cristiana y África subsahariana.[36]​
El Rugby Europe U19 Championship del 2015 se disputó en Portugal y fue la última edición del torneo en categoría M19 para pasar en el 2017 a M20.
58-13. Lucha activa contra el movimiento revolucionario del personal zarista y miembros de "gobiernos contrarrevolucionarios" durante la guerra civil, igual que 58-2.
El municipio de Ruth C Rural (en inglés: Ruth C Rural Township) es un municipio ubicado en el condado de Stone en el estado estadounidense de Misuri. En el año 2010 tenía una población de 528 habitantes y una densidad poblacional de 49,92 personas por km².[2]​
El AGREE II es genérico y puede aplicarse a guías sobre cualquier área de la enfermedad y sobre cualquier punto del continuado proceso de atención sanitaria. Incluye un Manual del Usuario que proporciona información explícita para la aplicación de cada uno de los 23 ítems.
La literatura hispana ha contado con pequeños personajes oriundos de Caldas que han aportado sus obras a la sociedad, no han sido de carácter muy renombrados pero su aporte es importante no solo para el departamento, si no también para el país.
El sargento de las tropas de tierra del CDF, a las órdenes de Magnum. Es un robot humanoide con una armadura marrón camuflaje y dos característicos trazos rojos en las mejillas, experto en armas de fuego. Se encarga de operaciones varias, como atrapar a Jack Acero, o dirigir a las tropas en campo abierto.
Ahora sabemos que existió la denuncia por expoliación y que ello dio lugar a un procedimiento independiente en el que la Administración del Estado dictó la resolución.
Los restos del Kotasaurus fueron recobrados de la Formación Kota, cerca de Yemanapalli en el estado de Andhra Paresh, en el subcontinente indio. Se conoce 20 esqueletos postcraneales casi completos pero no se ha encontrado ninguna cabeza. Los fósiles se descubrieron en 1979 y fueron descriptos en 1988 por Yadagiri. Debido a su cadera y al fémur es considerado dentro de Sauropoda y la espina neural de las vértebras dorsales hace que se lo considere entre los más basales de estos, junto con Vulcanodon, Shunosaurus, Barapasaurus y Omeisaurus.
Las relaciones Chile-Rusia se refieren a las relaciones exteriores entre Chile y Rusia. El establecimiento de relaciones diplomáticas entre Chile y los países de la Unión de Repúblicas Socialistas Soviéticas (URSS) ocurrió el 11 de diciembre de 1944. Chile tiene una embajada en Moscú y dos consulados honorarios en San Petersburgo Y Vladivostok). Rusia tiene una embajada en Santiago de Chile.
En el suelo de la plaza de San Isidoro se pintan tres rayas blancas, que señalan los tres puntos en los que la Corporación Municipal debe pararse y girarse hacia la entrada de la Basílica de San Isidoro, en cuyo atrio se encuentra el Cabildo, para, con una exagerada reverencia, despedirse de él.
Ya en 1991 y en plena guerra, el combinado plavi se alzó con la victoria en el Eurobasket de Italia, en lo que supuso el último campeonato disputado por Yugoslavia hasta 1995, debido a la sanción de 3 años que Naciones Unidas impuso contra la República Federal de Yugoslavia por crímenes contra la Humanidad.
Los chicos son perseguidos por los Maxes, policías de la Torre de Hierro, quienes desde el principio buscaban a Ally tras su fuga. Marty le ofrece quedarse con ellos durante una temporada mientras arreglaban las cosas. Ally acepta, pero, al saber que seguirían buscándola, sólo se queda una noche, para luego continuar con su camino en solitario.
El primer núcleo de población que surgió en la zona fue una pequeña agrupación de chozas y barracas a los lados de la acequia de los Ángeles, que había tomado su nombre de la pequeña ermita de Nuestra Señora de los Ángeles, situada donde se levanta actualmente la iglesia del mismo nombre.[3]​ La agrupación de viviendas situadas al norte de la acequia tomó el nombre de Cap de França (Punta de Francia), mientras que la situada al sur, más populosa, tomó el nombre de Cabanyal (Cabañal). Ya a finales del siglo XVII el Cabañal se convirtió en un sitio popular para los valencianos que deseaban vivir entre la playa y la huerta, por lo que comenzaron a construir alquerías cerca de las cabañas. Un par de incendios arrasaron casi totalmente la población a finales del siglo XVIII, por lo que se decretó que en adelante las casas se construyesen como las de la huerta, formando calles anchas y alineadas.[4]​
El contenido de este artículo incorpora material de una entrada de la Enciclopedia Libre Universal, publicada en español bajo la licencia Creative Commons Compartir-Igual 3.0.
En 1972 se convirtió en campeón de São Paulo y al año siguiente se convirtió en subcampeón de la clasificación para Brasil la Olimpiada de Ajedrez, que se celebró en la ciudad francesa de Niza y que alcanzó el porcentaje más alto por equipo. En 1978 volvió a representar a Brasil en los Juegos Olímpicos de ajedrez en Bueno Aires. Estuvo presente en tres oportunidades más en los Juegos Olímpicos (1982, 1984 y 1986).
En 1970 completó su licenciatura en Economía en 1971 y vino a vivir a Brasil, donde asistió activamente el Club de Ajedrez de São Paulo desde los años 60.
Sharon Isbin (St. Louis Park, Minnesota, es una guitarrista clásica estadounidense. Elogiada por su lirismo, técnica precisa y versatilidad, es una de las primeras intérpretes de guitarra clásica en el ámbito internacional.
En 1656 fue invitado por Fernando II para ocupar la cátedra de medicina teórica de la Universidad de Pisa; fue éste el primero de sus numerosos traslados, gracias al cual conoció a su futuro amigo y estrecho colaborador F. Borelli.
El artículo 58 del Código Penal de la República Socialista Federativa Soviética de Rusia se puso en vigor el 25 de febrero de 1927 para detener a las personas sospechosas de actividades contrarrevolucionarias. El artículo fue objeto de revisión varias veces, en particular, su artículo 58-1 fue actualizado por los subapartados enumerados y puesto en vigor el 8 de junio de 1934.
El historiador y periodista Paulo José Pires Brandão, nieto materno y ahijado del consejero Antônio Ferreira Viana, conoció a Silveira Martins en la casa de su abuelo. En su libro Vultos do Meu Caminho lo describió como: «Alto, corpulento, grandes lentes, barba toda abierta y blanca, piel muy roja. Voz de trueno, gesto largo, no sabía hablar bajo, e incluso cuando conversaba era en tono de discurso, y su voz clara, sonora y fuerte invadía la sala donde estaba, los corredores, el salón, la casa entera, atravesando la calle. No hablaba al oído de nadie, no decía secretos, ni los tenía, porque su voz no daba diapasón a los susurros, no murmuraba: tronaba».[3]​
Caldas es uno de los treinta y dos departamentos que, junto con Bogotá, Distrito Capital, forman la República de Colombia. Su capital es Manizales. Está ubicado en el centro del país, en la región andina, limitando al norte con Antioquia, al noreste con Boyacá, al oeste con Cundinamarca y al sur con Tolima y Risaralda. Con 7888 km² es el quinto departamento menos extenso —por delante de Risaralda, Atlántico, Quindío y San Andrés y Providencia, el menos extenso— y con 125 hab/km², el sexto más densamente poblado, por detrás de San Andrés y Providencia, Atlántico, Quindío, Risaralda y Valle del Cauca.[5]​
Gymnotus es un género de peces de agua dulce de la familia Gymnotidae en el orden Gymnotiformes. Se distribuye en aguas cálidas y templado-cálidas de América Central y gran parte de América del Sur, entre otras, en las cuencas del Orinoco, del Amazonas y del Plata, llegando por el sur hasta el Río de la Plata superior, en el centro-este de la Argentina y Uruguay.
Se especuló con su posible participación en el Tour de Francia para ayudar a Thibaut Pinot en las etapas de alta montaña, después de incluirle el equipo en la Vuelta a Suiza, pero finalmente no fue así. En la carrera alpina, acabó en el 25.º lugar en la general. A posteriori, logró una buena ubicación en el Campeonato de Francia de Ciclismo en Ruta, al acabar 13.º en un recorrido que no le favorecía.
Dedicado a la poesía desde la adolescencia, publicó su primer libro en 1993, cuando tenía dieciocho años. En 1995 creó Ediciones Vitruvio, editorial especializada en libros de poesía. Ha colaborado en medios escritos, como la revista Placet o El desván, y en la Emisora de Radio Onda Madrid, donde comentaba los libros más destacados. Es autor de ensayos sobre literatura, y de la novela Taller de poesía, que ha sido recomendada en varios colegios e institutos y trata sobre la historia de la poesía del siglo XX. Su libro Cadena perpetua, que resume su producción poética, viene incorporado en fábrica en el ebook de la marca Inves. En 2011 recibió el Premio de la Critica de Madrid por su libro, Ana Frank no puede ver la luna, del que se han hecho ya seis ediciones, cuatro en España, una en Méjico por la editorial Litteris y otra en Guayaquil por El Quirófano ediciones. En 2015 volvió a la Grafología publicando ¿Con qué político te irías a cenar esta noche? donde analizó la letra y la personalidad de los políticos actuales.
«Con menester de canto: una perspectiva sobre La ciudad (1965) de Diego Jesús Jiménez», en Juan Manuel Molina Damiani (coord.), La poesía de Diego Jesús Jiménez, 2007, págs. 397-404.
Cuando el ayuntamiento sale a la calle, se sitúa encima de cada una de las rayas, el Alcalde da un golpe fuerte de vara en el suelo y dando, toda la corporación, la vuelta al unísono, saludan con una inclinación exagerada al Cabildo; Este último responde, a su vez, a la corporación con una inclinación idéntica. Este ritual se repite por tres veces. De ahí que se conozca popularmente con el nombre de "LAS CABEZADAS".
En septiembre de 2013, lideró al equipo nacional mexicano para clasificar por primera vez en 39 años al Campeonato Mundial de Baloncesto; el equipo ganó la medalla de oro del torneo FIBA Américas y Ayón fue nombrado jugador más valioso del torneo.
El matrimonio arreglado no debe confundirse con la práctica del matrimonio forzado. En un matrimonio arreglado, aunque la reunión de los cónyuges es organizada por miembros de la familia, parientes o amigos, los cónyuges están de acuerdo y se casan por su propia voluntad. Por el contrario, en un matrimonio forzado, uno o ambos cónyuges están coaccionados en el matrimonio - la unión se lleva a cabo sin su libre consentimiento (bajo coacción, amenazas, presión psicológica, etc.).[13]​
Al entrar, Marty conoce al Gran Maestro Yang, anciano maestro de artes marciales que entrenó a toda la familia Eon. Marty pasa las pruebas que le impone practicando con un robot de madera para llegar al final donde tiene que llevar la armadura y derrotar a un robot de madera gigante.
58-2. Levantamiento armado o intervención con el objetivo de apoderarse del poder: hasta la muerte con confiscación, incluido el reconocimiento formal como "enemigo de los trabajadores".
En 1972 publicó su primer libro sobre el partido entre Bobby Fischer y Boris Spassky, por la Editora Brasiliense. En 1982 publicó su segundo libro "Fundamentos de la Táctica" por la Editora Columbia.
La abreviatura Lindh. se emplea para indicar a Ferdinand Jacob Lindheimer como autoridad en la descripción y clasificación científica de los vegetales. (consulte el listado de todos los géneros y especies descritos por este autor en IPNI).
Todos pelean contra el General. Las tropas del CDF contiene al Gigantor con ayuda de voluntarios del Valle Naranja. Marty intenta entrar a la torre pero los centauros del General se lo impiden. Ally tiene una idea para entrar en el Gigantor y poder pararlo.
Abogado y político, inició su vida pública como juez municipal en Río de Janeiro, de 1858 a 1859. Después, fue diputado (provincial y general), senador, ministro de Hacienda, presidente de Río Grande del Sur y también consejero de estado.
58-14 (añadido el 6 de junio de 1937). El "sabotaje contrarrevolucionario", es decir, la no ejecución consciente o la ejecución deliberadamente descuidada de "deberes definidos", dirigidos al debilitamiento del poder del gobierno y del funcionamiento del aparato estatal, está sujeta a por lo menos un año de privación de libertad y bajo circunstancias especialmente agravantes, hasta la máxima medida de protección social: ejecución por disparo con confiscación de bienes.
María Concepción "Concha"[1]​ Morales Torres (nacida en 1944) es una botánica, curadora, y profesora española, que desarrolla su actividad académica como profesora titular[2]​ en el "Departamento de Botánica", y es directora[1]​ del herbario, de la Universidad de Granada.[3]​
Un robot del CDF rehabilitado después de una larga trayectoria como delincuente. Su armadura es ligera y de color blanco, y lleva todo el rostro permanentemente cubierto, a diferencia de los demás personajes. Su rasgo más destacable son las ocho extremidades polivalentes en forma de cadena que surgen de su espalda, pudiendo usarlas como arpones o armas punzantes; además, según se menciona, está equipado con más de 108 accesorios de combate. Shadow usa varias habilidades de combate cuerpo a cuerpo similares a la capoeira, aunque su mejor técnica es el llamado "Tifón Sombra", con la que ataca usando sus cadenas en espiral. Shadow no posee mucha resistencia, aunque sí una enorme agilidad, y fue capaz de mantener un combate en solitario contra los Cuatro Barones Invencibles a la vez durante un tiempo considerable.
58-4. Cualquier tipo de ayuda a la "burguesía internacional" que, no reconociendo la igualdad del sistema político comunista, se esfuerza por derribarla: castigo similar al 58-2.
En 2010 participó en el video "Love Machine" donde varios de los actores que participan en EastEnders aparecieron entre ellos Patsy Palmer (Bianca Branning), Shona McGarty (Whitney Dean), Lacey Turner (Stacey Slater), Pam St. Clement (Pat Evans), Neil McDermott (Ryan Malloy), Sid Owen (Ricky Butcher), Charlie Brooks (Janine Butcher), Adam Woodyatt (Ian Beale) y Jake Wood (Max Branning).[8]​
El 2 de octubre de 1966, Turcios Lima falleció carbonizado en un accidente de tránsito en la 11 avenida y 10a calle de la zona 1 de la Ciudad de Guatemala a las 3:00 de la mañana, salvándose la mujer que lo acompañaba. Los guerrilleros calificaron la muerte como un atentado, aduciendo que el vehículo en que se conducía Turcios Lima había sido «modificado» para que a determinada velocidad «frenara de repente», ocasionando que volcara y se incendiara. Lo extraño del accidente, es que el comandante guerrillero iba conduciendo el vehículo, sin seguridad o escolta, a tan altas horas de la noche.[2]​ La muerte de Turcios Lima ocasionó un desmoronamiento en las filas de las FAR, pero la agrupación trata de reponerse con el nombramiento de César Montes.[2]​
Para colmo, las tropas albanesas atacaban continuamente villorrios serbios, dedicándose al saqueo, asesinatos, y violaciones, y descuidando la lucha antipartisana, que era el principal interés del mando militar alemán. Estas actividades que consumían las energías de los reclutas albaneses, junto con el mediocre desempeño de numerosos reclutas en la lucha contra los partisanos en el frente de Serbia causaron que los jefes militares de la Wehrmacht y de las Waffen SS pronto dudaran de la auténtica valía militar de los albaneses, que eludían el combate al ser enviados fuera de Albania o de Kosovo y mostraban más interés en promover el nacionalismo albanés y atacar a los civiles serbios que en luchar contra los partisanos yugoslavos. Los reportes de oficiales alemanes de las Waffen SS muestran en esas fechas quejas continuas sobre la indisciplina de las tropas albanesas y las censuran por su desinterés en las actividades bélicas propiamente dichas, juzgando a sus reclutas nativos como "corrompidos, nada fiables, e inútiles para el combate".
Fue fundado el 18 de octubre de 1963. El día 23 de ese mismo mes, Mohand-Amokrane Maouche, quien era presidente de la Federación Argelina de Fútbol fue elegido presidente del comité por los miembros de la junta directiva. El Comité Olímpico Internacional reconoció el Comité Olímpico Argelino el 27 de enero de 1964, con motivo de la 62.ª sesión del COI celebrada durante los Juegos Olímpicos de Innsbruck 1964.
El investigador ha recibido varios reconocimientos por sus enseñanza, incluyendo el Premio a la Labor Docente en 1997 y el Premio a la Labor Docente e Investigación en 2006.[4]​[5]​ En 1984 fue aceptado en el Sistema Nacional de Investigadores y en 1988 consiguió el nivel II de miembros.[2]​[5]​ En 1993 y 1999, fue nombrado "profesor distinguido en telecomunicaciones" por su trabajo respectivamente en Bell Northern Research y en Nortel Networks, y recibió el Premio Nacional de Tecnología Ericsson.[3]​ En 2012, recibió el premio Rómulo Garza por su carrera en el Tec de Monterrey.[1]​[4]​ Muñoz Rodríguez también es miembro de alto rango del Instituto de Ingenieros Eléctricos y Electrónicos, miembro de la Academia Mexicana de Ciencias desde 2005 y de la Academia Mexicana de Ingeniería desde el 2011.[5]​
Con motivo de la celebración del Septuagésimoquinto (75°) Aniversario de la fundación del Departamento en 1980, Guillermo Ceballos Espinosa presentó a la Gobernación de Caldas, por encargo de su titular Dilia Estrada de Gómez, el himno que fue adoptado para solemnizar dicha efemérides y que siguieron interpretando las bandas de música y los planteles de educación de esta sección del país en retretas y actos oficiales con gran aceptación.[9]​
Schiedam is gelegen tussen Rotterdam en Vlaardingen, oorspronkelijk aan de Schie en later ook aan de Nieuwe Maas. Per 30 april 2017 had de gemeente 77.833 inwoners (bron: CBS). De stad is vooral bekend om haar jenever, de historische binnenstad met grachten, en de hoogste windmolens ter wereld.
Moffatia plumicauda is een vlinder uit de familie van de zakjesdragers (Psychidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1890 door Moore.
In 2005 werd Van den Nieuwenhuyzen onderwerp van een onderzoek van de nationale recherche over de rechten op geheime ontwerp- en bouwgegevens van onderzeeërs.
Paramechoris hirtus is een keversoort uit de familie Rhynchitidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1801 door Fabricius.
Hierna is hij als regisseur aan het werk gegaan. Van 1988 tot en met 2006 heeft hij twaalf films op zijn naam staan, zijn laatste werk komt in 2007 uit.
In 1998 kwam de directors cut-versie van Das Boot uit. In 2000 volgde The Perfect Storm, met een hoofdrol voor George Clooney, en in 2004 Troy, met Brad Pitt in de hoofdrol.
Grimshaw was de zoon van een politieagent. Hij kreeg geen enkele kunstopleiding en leerde zichzelf schilderen aan de hand van voorbeelden. In 1861 gaf hij, tot ongenoegen van zijn ouders, zijn baan als spoorwegbeambte op om zich aan het schilderen te wijden. Al snel had hij echter succes, vooral met landschappen en stillevens, en bleek hij in staat meer dan in zijn levensonderhoud te voorzien.
De harige langsprietwapenvlieg (Stratiomys longicornis) is een vliegensoort uit de familie van de wapenvliegen (Stratiomyidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1763 door Scopoli.
Eén van de schrijvers van het nummer Panic Zone is de Mexicaanse rapper Krazy Dee. Oorspronkelijk heette het nummer Hispanic Zone, maar omdat Dr. Dre ervan overtuigd was dat niemand een nummer zou kopen met "hispanic" in de titel werd het uiteindelijk uitgebracht onder de titel Panic Zone.
Narcis (Narcissus) is een geslacht van bolgewassen uit de narcisfamilie (Amaryllidaceae). De naam is afkomstig uit de Griekse mythologie (zie Narcissus (mythologie)). Narcissen zijn voorjaarsbollen en hebben een koude rustperiode nodig. Je vindt narcissen in vele soorten en kleuren: roze, oranje, rode, witte of gevlekte, dubbelbloemige bloemen, met grote gele trompetten of met trosjes van gele of witte bloemetjes. In tegenstelling tot bij de leliefamilie komt bij deze familie een onderstandig vruchtbeginsel voor.
Loeiza Galioelina werd uitgesloten van deelname aan de Olympische Spelen. Bij een dopingcontrole op 25 juli werd ze betrapt op furosemide, een maskerend middel.
De knappe Franse Tracy Salvoisie overreedt de avonturier Carson om haar blinde broer uit Albanië te smokkelen. Ze worden geholpen door de rebellenleider Trifon. Hij wil dat Tracy bij hem blijft, maar Carson en zij zijn intussen verliefd geworden op elkaar.
De ik-figuur in het lied krijgt steeds voorgehouden (door zijn vader en door een vriendelijke gevangenbewaarder) dat hij moet proberen schone handen te houden. Hij blijft echter vuile handen maken door verkeerde dingen te doen. Het lijkt wel of hij voortdurend zijn handen wast in modderig water.
Design Your Universe is het vierde studioalbum van de Nederlandse metalband Epica. Het album werd door de platenmaatschappij Nuclear Blast op 16 oktober 2009 uitgebracht. Epica presenteerde het album op 10 oktober met een show in Paradiso in Amsterdam.
Win32s is een uitbreiding voor de Windows 3.1x-familie van Microsoft Windows die een subset van de Win32-API voor deze systemen implementeerde. De "s" staan voor "subset".
In juni 2006 werd bekendgemaakt dat de band een nieuw contract had getekend bij Nuclear Blast. Acht maanden na het uitbrengen van Symmetric In Design was de band weer in de studio te vinden om het vervolg op te nemen: Pitch Black Progress. Ook nu vervolgde de band met toeren, deze keer met Communic voor de Waves of Pitch Black Decay Tour 2006 door geheel Europa en toerde door Noord-Amerika met melodic deathmetal pioniers Dark Tranquillity en The Haunted. Ook speelden ze op meer Europese festivals. Het nummer "The Illusionist" kreeg airplay op MTV2's Headbangers Ball.
Ingres kan als client of als server worden geïnstalleerd. Enkel de serverversie zal databases met zich geassocieerd hebben. De databases geassocieerd met deze servers kunnen wel bereikt worden via de clients.
Weel en Paul Snijders, Hans van, 'Een schande voor ons land. Mr. G. Helpman (1865-1935)', in: Pijlen van naamloze liefde. Pioniers van de homo-emancipatie. Amsterdam, SUA, 1988.
In 2010 werd Villanueva door president Benigno Aquino III benoemd tot baas van de Technical Education and Skills Development Authority (TESDA). Hij was er onder meer verantwoordelijk voor het Shoot for your dream-programma waarbij Filipijnse basketbalsterren exhibitie-wedstrijden speelden. Ook Villanueva zelf speelde mee. Op 9 october 2015 diende hij vooruitlopende op zijn deelname aan de senaatsverkiezingen van 2016 zijn ontslag in als baas van TESDA.
Uitbrengen van adviezen aan de Nederlandse regering over voorgestelde wetten en algemene maatregelen van bestuur (AMvB). De RvS kijkt hierbij vooral naar kwaliteit en uitvoerbaarheid van wetten en of de voorstellen wel in overeenstemming zijn met de grondwet, andere wetten en verdragen.
Leopold, J.H. Wij avondkinderen. Enschede, Paul Snijders, 1981. [Vouwblad. Met de hand gezet en gedrukt door Paul Snijders in blauw en zwart in een oplage van 45 exemplaren op diverse soorten papier].
In 1619 brak er een vorm van totale oorlog uit tussen Khara Khula en de Altyn Khan. Beide partijen probeerden bondgenoten te vinden. Dat leidde tot de merkwaardige situatie dat delegaties van Khara-Khula en de Altyn Khan aan het eind van dat jaar vrijwel gelijktijdig in Moskou arriveerden. Beide delegaties hadden het voorstel aan de tsaar voor een militaire alliantie tegen hun tegenstander.
Streng studeerde drie jaar Sociaal Pedagogisch Werk (SPW) en ging daarna naar de pabo waar hij in 2008 afstudeerde als leerkracht voor het basisonderwijs. In 2004 deed hij voor het eerst mee aan de landelijke schrijfwedstrijd Write Now! en daar kreeg een eervolle vermelding voor zijn verhaal "De verwerking van de vermissing". Een jaar later nam hij opnieuw deel met het verhaal "Vogeltjes sarren" en daarmee won hij de voorronde in Utrecht. Met het verhaal "Halte 14 en de duiven" won Streng uiteindelijk de finale.
Een reguliere expressie (uit het Engels, regular expression, afgekort tot “regexp”, “regex” of RE) is een manier om patronen te beschrijven waarmee een computer tekst kan herkennen. Er bestaat hiervoor een formele syntaxis, die deels is gestandaardiseerd.
Edwin "Ed" S. Friendly Jr. (New York City, 8 april 1922 - Rancho Santa Fe (Californië), 17 juni 2007) was een Amerikaanse televisieproducent.
Op 2 augustus 1959 werd het reizigersverkeer opgeheven tussen Amougies en Ronse, tegelijk met het verkeer op lijn 83 waarmee de lijn dit baanvak deelde. Op 22 augustus 1960 werd het gedeelte Elzele - Zullik gesloten voor reizigersverkeer. Het laatste gedeelte, tussen Ronse en Elzele volgde op 16 april 1964. Goederentreinen tussen Doornik en Kain hebben gereden tot 1975, daarna werd ook dit baanvak opgebroken. De rest van de spoorlijn werd in 1975 opgebroken. Met uitzondering van het traject Lessen - Woelingen, naar de betonfabriek van Dupuis, waar betonnen dwarsliggers voor de NMBS worden gefabriceerd.
Veel van deze graven zijn van gesneuvelde militairen van de Marine en gevangenen die omkwamen in concentratiekamp Ravensbrück. Deze mensen zijn gevonden na de evacuatie van het kamp door het Zweedse Rode Kruis, onder leiding van Graaf Folke Bernadotte. Bij de opening van het ereveld lagen er 14 soldaten begraven; in de loop van de tijd zijn nog 23 andere Nederlanders er herbegraven.
Palpita micronesica is een vlinder uit de familie van de grasmotten (Crambidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1997 door Inoue.
Wanneer er geen regent is aangewezen, is de Raad van State regent voor een mogelijk minderjarige of ongeboren koning. De Raad speelt ook een rol wanneer de koning niet in staat is te regeren en er geen regent is aangewezen (dit gebeurde in 1889 en 1890) en wanneer de troon vacant is en er onzekerheid over de erfopvolging bestaat. Dit is vastgelegd in artikel 38 van de Grondwet.
In vriendschap opgedragen aan Ger Kleis. Tien jaar Sub Signo Libelli. 8 augustus 1984. [Gedrukt door elf verschillende drukkers in een oplage van 52 genummerde exemplaren. Hierin opgenomen: Paul van Capelleveen, Het jongetje. Gedrukt in paars en zwart door Paul Snijders.]
De reguliere expressies komen voort uit de wiskundige logica, om precies te zijn, de theorie van de formele talen. Ze zijn uitgevonden door de Amerikaanse wiskundige Stephen Cole Kleene als methode om reguliere talen te beschrijven.
Segeran Kidul is een plaats in het bestuurlijke gebied Indramayu in de provincie West-Java, Indonesië. Het dorp telt 8137 inwoners (volkstelling 2010).
Zengi omsingelde de gehele stad, wetend dat er geen leger was om het te verdedigen. Vervolgens liet hij belegeringstorens bouwen en begon de stadsmuren daarmee onder vuur te nemen. Ondertussen werden zijn manschappen nog aangevuld met Koerden en Turkse huurlingen. De inwoners van Edessa verzetten zich zo goed als ze konden, maar zij hadden geen ervaring in belegeringen: veel van de stadstorens bleven onbemand. Op 24 december stortte de poort (bijgenaamd van het uur) in. De moslimstrijdkrachten van Zengi vielen daarna de stad binnen, en vermoordden alle inwoners die niet naar de citadel konden vluchten. Duizenden inwoners werden verdrukt en vertrapt in alle paniek, waaronder ook bisschop Hugo II. Zengi gaf orders om de slachting te stoppen, alhoewel de Latijns gelovigen nadat ze gevangen waren genomen, werden geëxecuteerd. De oorspronkelijk christenbewoners mochten in vrijheid verder leven. De citadel gaf zich twee dagen later over op 26 december. Een van Zengi's commandanten, Zayn ad-Din Ali Kutchuk werd tot gouverneur van de stad benoemd en bisschop Basil werd aangewezen als leider van de nu kleine groep christenen in de stad.
Aderus piceoundulatus is een keversoort uit de familie Aderidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1935 door Pic.
Macau is een staat waarin politieke partijen nauwelijks een rol spelen. Toch zijn er veel burgerinitiatieven, waardoor er toch verkiezingen zijn. Bij de laatste verkiezingen deden mee:
De naam Bregenzerwaldgebirge wordt voornamelijk gebruikt door alpinisten. De Oostenrijkse overheid en ruimtelijke inrichting gebruiken deze indeling niet. In de door de overheid meestal gebruikte Gebirgsgruppengliederung Österreichs wordt het gebied van de Bregenzerwaldgebirge "Rheintal–Walgau–Bregenzer Wald" genoemd.
Er kan gebruikgemaakt worden van databases die verdeeld zijn over verschillende servers. Dit gebeurt via de IngresSTAR server. Deze ondersteunt zowel gedistribueerde opslag als toegang en verwerking.
Als het gaat om belangrijke data is het nuttig om de informatie op meerdere locaties tegelijk op te slaan. Standaard zal de data worden opgeslagen in II_DATABASE, maar er kan ook gebruikgemaakt worden van de andere paden die voor Ingres gedefinieerd zijn.
Costa Rica deed vanaf 1941 mee aan het CCCF-kampioenschap en won toernooi vaak. Van de negen deelnames werden er zeven gewonnen. Het toernooi ging in 1963 over op het CONCACAF-kampioenschap. Ook dat toernooi werd een aantal keer gewonnen en wel in 1963, 1969 en 1989. In 1991 ging dit toernooi op in de CONCACAF Gold Cup. In die periode ging Costa Rica ook meedoen aan de UNCAF Nations Cup. Een toernooi voor voetballanden uit Centraal-Amerika. Dit toernooi geld tevens als kwealificatietoernooi voor de Gold Cup.
Muricodrupa jacobsoni is een slakkensoort uit de familie van de Muricidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1981 door Emerson & D'Attilio.
Het BC Place Stadium, waar de opening en sluiting plaatsvinden, werd voor ruim 150 miljoen dollar gerenoveerd. In totaal werden er 580 miljoen dollars besteed aan het bouwen en upgraden van de accommodaties. Daaronder valt ook de 178 miljoen Canadese dollar kostende Richmond Olympic Oval, waar het onderdeel schaatsen plaats had.
Esen tayisi (?-1455) wist in de eerste helft van de 15e eeuw de Oirats tot een machtige federatie te maken. Hij wist een rijk te creëren van het noorden van Korea in het oosten naar het gebied rondom de oase Hami aan de Zijderoute. De meest westelijke grens van het gebied wordt gevormd door de rivier de Irtysj. Na zijn dood viel het door hem gecreëerde rijk weer uiteen. De oostelijke Mongolen, met name in de periode onder Dayan Khan (1464- na 1527) brachten de Oirats in de 16e eeuw een aantal zware nederlagen toe.
Volgens de participatiemethode oefent iemand die deelneemt aan het politieke proces per definitie feitelijke macht uit. Maar een belangrijk punt van kritiek op deze methode is de regel van de geanticipeerde reactie die stelt dat er in het politieke proces sprake is van niet-zichtbare invloed van de ene op de andere deelnemer. Als bijvoorbeeld de regering denkt dat een voorstel in het parlement niet haalbaar is en daarom het voorstel nog vóór de indiening wijzigt, is er feitelijk sprake geweest van een impliciete invloed van het parlement op de regering. De invloed is echter niet zichtbaar geweest, en zal daarom bij toepassing van de participatiemethode niet worden opgemerkt. Een ander punt van kritiek is dat participatie niet altijd leidt tot macht, bijvoorbeeld als op het moment van participatie de beslissing eigenlijk al vaststaat.
Leioproctus microdontus is een vliesvleugelig insect uit de familie Colletidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1929 door Cockerell.
Megachile octosignata is een vliesvleugelig insect uit de familie Megachilidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1852 door Nylander.
De Raad van State heeft mitsdien bezwaar tegen het voorstel van wet en geeft U in overweging dit niet te zenden aan de Tweede Kamer der Staten-Generaal.
De Docklands Light Railway is uitgebreid van Canning Town naar Station Stratford en Stratford International via de deels buiten gebruik genomen North London Line. Deze lijn werd in 2010 in gebruik genomen. De uitbreiding tussen King George V en Woolwich Arsenal, de tweede verbinding van de DLR onder de Theems is in januari 2009 geopend. 22 nieuwe wagons zijn aangeschaft, mede gefinancierd door de organisatie van de Spelen;
Sendang is een plaats in het bestuurlijke gebied Blora in de provincie Midden-Java, Indonesië. Het dorp telt 1713 inwoners (volkstelling 2010).
9: Poeticus; meestal 1 bloem per steel. Bloemblaadjes zuiver wit. Cup zeer kort of schijfvormig, vaak geel met groen hart en soms oranje rand. meestal geurend.
Chelonus angustatus is een insect dat behoort tot de orde vliesvleugeligen (Hymenoptera) en de familie van de schildwespen (Braconidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd door Tobias in 1989.
Grepolis draait om het uitbouwen van de steden. De steden worden uitgebouwd door de levels van de gebouwen die erin staan te verhogen. Om deze te verhogen heeft de speler grondstoffen (hout, steen, zilverstukken) nodig.
Het Amerikaans basketbalteam verslaat Nigeria met 156 tegen 73. Dit volstond voor het meeste punten ooit gemaakt in de olympische geschiedenis.
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie: de eerste film. Deze had echter niets te maken met de serie maar speelde zich af in een alternatief universum.
De VAD had nu het busvervoer op de gehele Veluwe in handen, maar daarmee was de expansie nog niet voltooid. In 1976 werd een aanzienlijke uitbreiding van het vervoersgebied buiten de eigenlijke Veluwe verkregen doordat een gedeelte van Autobusdienstonderneming Salland te Deventer door de VAD werd ingelijfd. Al eerder waren VAD, Flevodienst en Salland in feite één bedrijf met drie verschillende namen, maar met een gemeenschappelijke bedrijfsvoering onder één directie te Apeldoorn. In 1980 volgde de overname van een deel van de buslijnen van de firma Tensen uit Soest. Met ingang van 1 januari 1981 traden de (in feite al eerder gefuseerde) Veluwse Auto Dienst en Flevodienst op onder de naam Verenigde Autobus Diensten VAD.
In 1954 werd 'Huis te Manpad' gekocht door Jan Visser, chef protocol Buitenlandse Zaken en ambassadeur te Stockholm. In 1978 werd het huis ondergebracht in de Stichting 'Huis te Manpad'. Na Vissers overlijden in 1984 woonde zijn weduwe N. Visser-van Wijk er tot haar dood in 2005. Na een verbouwing wordt het huis sinds mei 2006 opnieuw particulier bewoond.
In Japan wordt Power Rangers ook uitgezonden, maar nagesynchroniseerd. De stemacteurs hiervoor zijn meestal castleden van de Super Sentai-series.
Xiphophasma missionum is een insect uit de orde Phasmatodea en de familie Heteronemiidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van deze soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1913 door Rehn.
De overname van de Rotterdamse Droogdok Maatschappij (RDM) leidde opnieuw tot een aanklacht wegens voorkennis maar daarvan werd hij vrijgesproken. RDM werd echter geen succes, verschillende onderdelen werden failliet verklaard en Van den Nieuwenhuyzen kwam opnieuw negatief in het nieuws toen bleek dat het Rotterdams Havenbedrijf ten onrechte garanties van 180 miljoen euro aan RDM had verstrekt. De ondergang van RDM leidde ook tot het grotendeels instorten van de Begemann-groep. In maart 2005 startte justitie een strafrechtelijk onderzoek naar de gang van zaken.
In 1981 droeg de productiemaatschappij Bavaria Petersen de regie over het Das Boot-project op. De film kwam in Duitsland op televisie als zesdelige mini-serie en werd vooral in de Verenigde Staten een kassucces; de tot dan toe de meest succesvolle buitenlandse film ooit. Das Boot was al de duurste Duitse filmproductie ooit, maar de volgende film van Petersen had een nog hoger budget. De film Die unendliche Geschichte (internationaal bekend als The NeverEnding Story) kostte meer dan 50 miljoen D-Mark.
Ribérac is een gemeente in het Franse departement Dordogne (regio Nouvelle-Aquitaine) en telt 4000 inwoners (1999). De plaats maakt deel uit van het arrondissement Périgueux.
In bijna elk Power Rangers seizoen komt een vijand voor die er voor de Amerikaanse versie is bijbedacht en geen Super Sentai tegenhanger heeft.
Het graafschap Edessa was de eerste staat die gesticht werd tijdens en na de Eerste Kruistocht, het was tevens de meest noordelijk gelegen staat maar ook de zwakste met de minste inwoners. Met al deze minpunten had de staat ook het meest te lijden onder de aanvallen van de omringende staten als de Artuklu, de Danishmenden en de Seldsjoek-Turken. Graaf Boudewijn II en zijn toekomstige opvolger Jocelin van Courtenay werden gevangengenomen na hun nederlaag bij de Slag bij Harran in 1104. Beiden werden een tweede maal gevangengenomen in 1122, en ook al leek Edessa weer wat geherstructureerd na de winst bij de Slag van Azaz in 1125, het gevaar bleef. Jocelin overleed in 1131 na een slag met de Danishmenden, zijn opvolger Jocelin II werd gedwongen om een alliantie te vormen met het Byzantijnse rijk, maar in 1143 overleden zowel Johannes II Komnenos als Fulk van Jeruzalem, twee sterke bondgenoten. Johannes' opvolger Manuel moest zich bezighouden met de opvolgingskwesties thuis, terwijl Fulco werd opgevolgd door zijn vrouw Melisende en zoon Boudewijn III. Jocelin II had ook een geschil met Raymond II van Tripoli en ook Raymond van Antiochië, waardoor Edessa geen sterke bondgenoten meer had.
Liebentrau, H.G. (= Peter Heringa). Quasi una romanza. (Met een illustratie door Madeleen Brinkman). [Deventer, Paul Snijders, 1986). Vouwblad. Met de hand gezet en gedrukt door Paul Snijders in een oplage van 35 genummerde exemplaren plus 7 ongenummerde.]
Snijders studeerde in 1983 af aan de Academie voor Kunst en Industrie te Enschede, waar Abe Kuipers zijn belangrijkste docent was. Zijn eindexamenproject was het door hem geschreven en gedrukte boekje: Jhr. J.H. Ram. Indirect licht op Louis Couperus. Later publiceerde hij nog andere artikelen die verband hielden met Louis Couperus of met Couperus en het Haagse zedenschandaal van 1920. In 1988 droeg Johan Polak zijn bundel Oscar Wilde in Nederland aan hem op.
Het album wordt net uitgebracht voordat de cd op de markt komt. Origineel komt het album uit op het label Charisma Records (The Famous Charisma Label), wat bekendstond om zijn uitstekende geluidskwaliteit voor die tijd; het label ging echter al snel ter ziele, toen de punkbeweging opkwam. Alhoewel op de lp al wel een bestelnummer voor cd werd gegeven, kwam deze pas in 2006 via Voiceprint uit.
Zeven landen behaalden voor het eerst een medaille, voor alle zeven bleef het ook bij deze ene medaille op deze editie. Grenada won goud, Botswana, Cyprus, Gabon, Guatemala en Montenegro wonnen zilver en Bahrein won brons.
Banks schreef een roman meestal in drie maanden en nam dan negen maanden rust. Hij heeft die tijd onder meer besteed aan vlieglessen en nam zijn eigen rockmuziek op.
Snijders werkte tussen 1983 en 1986 bij Binderij Phoenix, dat toen nog onder leiding stond van meesterbinder David Simaleavich; deze samenwerking resulteerde in de uitgave April's Fool. Daarna werkte hij steeds in het boekenvak/antiquariaat, alvorens associé te worden bij Antiquariaat Fokas Holthuis.
Myzomorphus sparsimflabellatus is een keversoort uit de familie van de boktorren (Cerambycidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1963 door Zajciw.
Betta burdigala is een straalvinnige vissensoort uit de familie van de echte goerami's (Osphronemidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1994 door Kottelat & Ng.
Van de oorspronkelijke beschildering van de kerk bleef slechts de voorstelling van de Bergrede boven het altaar bewaard. De rest werd tijdens de renovatie van 1957 verwijderd.
Kiev beleefde zijn bloeitijd tussen 882 en 1169, toen het de hoofdstad van het Oost-Slavische Kievse Rijk was. Uit die periode, waarin de Slaven overgingen op het (oosterse) christendom, dateren de belangrijkste monumenten in de stad, de Sint-Sofiakathedraal en het holenklooster.
De Monte Portella (2385 m) is een bergtop in de Italiaanse regio Abruzzo. De berg ligt in het centrale deel van het bergmassief van de Gran Sasso.
Ook heeft Schiedam een tramverbinding met Rotterdam. Tramlijn 21 (alleen overdag tot circa 19:00) en 24 doen beide de binnenstad en het NS-station van Schiedam aan.
Eusounama wuchangia is een halfvleugelig insect uit de familie Aphrophoridae. De wetenschappelijke naam van deze soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1942 door Liu.
De Windows API heeft altijd een groot deel van de onderliggende structuur van de Windowssystemen blootgelegd aan de programmeur. Dit geeft de programmeurs een grote flexibiliteit en macht over hun toepassingen. Het geeft de Windowstoepassingen echter ook een grote verantwoordelijkheid om verschillende low-levelhandelingen te verwerken die verband houden met een GUI.
Secundaire preventie bij een eerder doorgemaakte hartinfarct of een onstabiele angina pectoris met een normale of verhoogde cholesterolspiegel, als aanvulling op andere maatregelen.
De stad Montargis ligt in de Franse streek de Gâtinais in het departement Loiret. In de stad komen drie kanalen samen: het Canal de Briare, het Canal du Loing en het Canal d'Orléans. Door het grote aantal bruggetjes (127 stuks) en kanaaltjes waar de huizen rechtstreeks aan liggen, heet de stad ook wel het Venetië van de Gâtinais.
Zwaardvechters - De zwaardvechter is de basiseenheid van de stad: ze zijn slecht in aanvallen maar bijzonder goed in verdedigen, ze hebben een zwaard en schild.
G'olé is het 14e album van Rick Wakeman, de toetsenvirtuoos van onder meer Yes. Qua composities is het album niet één van zijn beste, maar qua uitvoering zijn alle ingrediënten weer aanwezig; vingervlugge composities die af en toe met de nodige bombast worden gespeeld. Bijzonder aan dit album is dat het de filmmuziek bevat, die gemaakt is voor de officiële film van het WK voetbal 1982.
Het programma Nikto wordt vanaf de commandoregel aangeroepen. Een kenmerk van de applicatie is, dat het doorgaans eenvoudig te detecteren is, omdat het niet voorzichtig te werk gaat tijdens het zoeken naar kwetsbaarheden. Een Intrusion Detection System, dus een geautomatiseerd systeem dat hackpogingen en voorkomens van ongeautoriseerde toegang tot een informatiesysteem of netwerk detecteert, kan Nikto eenvoudig opmerken.
Dit artikel of een eerdere versie ervan is (gedeeltelijk) vertaald vanaf de Engelstalige Wikipedia, die onder de licentie Creative Commons Naamsvermelding/Gelijk delen valt. Zie de bewerkingsgeschiedenis aldaar.
Batodonoides is een uitgestorven spitsmuis en dit diertje wordt beschouwd als het kleinste zoogdier ooit. Batodonoides woog slechts 1,3 gram en leefde tijdens het Vroeg-Eoceen in Noord-Amerika.
Hell or High Water is een Amerikaanse film uit 2016, geregisseerd door David Mackenzie. De film ging op 16 mei in première op het Filmfestival van Cannes in de sectie Un certain regard.
In het aquarium zijn vele soorten vissen en andere zeedieren zoals zeepaardjes. Er zijn ook zeeleeuwen. ook is er een afdeling voor gewonde zeedieren. Het heeft een open-water-systeem. Er stroomt vers zeewater in de aquaria.
In september 2005 raakte Van den Nieuwenhuyzen in opspraak omdat de RDM 1,6 miljoen dollar betaalde aan Oscar Aitken, een adviseur van de Chileense oud-dictator Augusto Pinochet. Vermoed werd dat steekpenningen betaald werden aan de Chileense legerleiding, om tweedehands Leopard 1-tanks van de Nederlandse Landmacht aan Chili te verkopen. Volgens Van den Nieuwenhuyzen ging het hier echter om commissies voor geleverde diensten aan de Chileen Oscar Aitken. Voormalig algemeen directeur Walter Luijten van RDM Technology ontkent echter dat Oscar Aitken diensten heeft verricht voor het bedrijf. De betalingen aan Aitken zijn volgens onderzoek van de Amerikaanse Senaat niet door RDM Technology maar door RDM Holding gedaan.
Op het spel kunnen spelers zich verenigen in allianties waarin zij elkaar verdedigen of gezamenlijke aanvallen plannen. De alliantie communiceert via het alliantieforum. Binnen de alliantie krijgt men al dan niet een bepaalde functie, de functies worden bepaald door de oprichter van de alliantie.
Een Zombie Walk is een georganiseerde publieke activiteit waarbij een groep mensen zich verkleed en gedraagt als zombies. Daarbij lopen ze dan rond in stedelijk gebied (meestal een centrale plek of in een winkelcentrum) als één grote groep.
In de verwarde situatie na de Eerste Wereldoorlog werd Kiev herhaaldelijk veroverd door de verschillende strijdende partijen: Oekraïense nationalisten, Polen, de anti-communistische Russische generaal Anton Denikin en de bolsjewieken. De uiteindelijke overwinning van deze laatsten had tot gevolg dat Kiev en Oekraïne voor ongeveer 70 jaar een deel van de Sovjet-Unie zouden worden (tot deze in 1991 opgeheven werd).
De Keyser overleed in 1621. Hij ligt begraven in de door hem ontworpen Zuiderkerk. Zijn grafsteen is er nog steeds aanwezig. Op 10 juni 2009 ging in de Zuiderkerk een verbouwing van start om de grafzerk van Henrick de Keyser weer aan de oppervlakte te krijgen.
Rangers zijn vrijwel altijd gebonden aan regels. Zo mogen ze vaak hun ware identiteit niet onthullen, hun Rangerkrachten niet voor persoonlijk gewin gebruiken, en geen gevecht laten escaleren. Onder dat laatste wordt verstaan dat ze bijvoorbeeld hun zords alleen mogen oproepen indien een vijand hen daartoe dwingt, niet om zelf mee ten strijde te trekken.
Kwiedzina is een plaats in het Poolse district Kętrzyński, woiwodschap Ermland-Mazurië. De plaats maakt deel uit van de gemeente Kętrzyn en telt 50 inwoners.
Tijdens de testfase kwam er kritiek op het premiumsysteem, omdat de community van mening was dat de premiumelementen te veel invloed hadden op het spelverloop . Zo hebben spelers bijvoorbeeld de mogelijkheid om voor 20 goud de bouwtijd van een gebouw of de aankomsttijd van de Fenicische handelaar te halveren.
Niet alle onderwijsinstellingen kennen de propedeuse. Zo wordt er bijvoorbeeld aan de Universiteit Maastricht en Universiteit Wageningen geen propedeuse uitgereikt. Aan de Rijksuniversiteit Groningen wordt vanaf collegejaar 2017/18 geen propedeuse meer uitgereikt. Het blijft echter wel mogelijk om een gewaarmerkte cijferlijst te ontvangen waarop staat dat de propedeutische fase met goed gevolg is afgerond.
Syncalus oblongus is een keversoort uit de familie Zopheridae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1880 door Broun.
Bij de voetbalwedstrijd tussen de vrouwen van Noord-Korea en Colombia op 25 juli werd de vlag van Zuid-Korea getoond. Noord-Korea weigerde vervolgens af te trappen. Met een uur vertraging werd er alsnog afgetrapt in Glasgow.
Het daaropvolgende album The Boatman's Call uit 1997 is eveneens een groot artistiek en (naar Caves standaarden) commercieel succes. Veel nummers op dit album staan in het teken van zijn op de klippen gelopen relatie met PJ Harvey.
Xavier Guzman verbeterde 's ochtends het toernooirecord en ging aan de leiding, gevolgd door Terry Pilkadaris, die op -10 binnenkwam. 'Middags nam Andrew Johnston de leiding over. Taco Remkes maakte zes birdies en steeg naar de 7de plaats. Wil Besseling had zelfs zeven birdies, maar daar stonden drie bogeys tegenover.
1839 – 1861: Richard Plantagenet Temple-Nugent-Brydges-Chandos-Grenville (1797-1861), 3e markies van Buckingham, 2e hertog van Buckingham en Chandos
Messaoudi debuteerde bij Sparta en speelde vervolgens bij HFC Haarlem. In het seizoen 2005/06 probeerde hij aan de slag te gaan in het Britse voetbal. Hij was op proef bij Chelsea FC, Fulham FC, Southampton FC, Peterborough United en het Schotse Falkirk FC. Daar tekende hij in oktober 2005 tot het einde van het kalenderjaar. Na nog een proefperiode bij Wycombe Wanderers ging hij in het amateurvoetbal spelen. In het seizoen 2010/11 speelde hij nog in België, waar hij woonachtig was, voor KFC Wuustwezel. Hij geeft training in het amateurvoetbal.
In 1608 bezocht een delegatie van de Oirats ook Moskou. Dat was gedurende de periode van de tsaar Vasili IV. De delegatie merkte de chaos en politieke anarchie op die deze periode van de Tijd der Troebelen kenmerkte. De Oirats kwamen dan ook tot de conclusie dat zij de macht van Rusland om hen echt te beschermen nogal overschat hadden.
In 1784 werd de titel opnieuw gecreëerd door George III voor George Nugent-Temple-Grenville. Zijn zoon, Richard Temple-Nugent-Brydges-Chandos-Grenville werd in 1861 hertog van Buckingham en Chandos, waarmee de titel een aanvullende werd op de hertogstitel.
Younous Oumouri (Le Port, 30 augustus 1975) is een Franse voetballer met Malagassische roots. Zijn positie is rechtssback. Oumouri begon zijn carrière bij Olympique Marseille. In 1999 kwam hij naar België, maar bleef een tijdje hangen in de lagere divisies. In het seizoen 2001-2002 lag hij onder contract bij SK Beveren, maar hij kon zich niet in de kijker spelen. Na een paar passages bij andere ploegen, kwam hij in Derde Klasse A terecht bij FCV Dender EH, en hij maakte samen met de club de promotie mee naar tweede klasse en ook die naar eerste klasse. In het begin van het seizoen kwam hij niet aan de bak, maar daarna groeide hij uit tot een sterkhouder op de rechtsachter en werd hij ook vice-aanvoerder na Steven De Petter. In 2008 zette hij zijn carrière verder in Griekenland, waar hij tekende voor tweedeklasser Apollon Kalamarias. Ook bij deze club was hij basisspeler. In 2009 trok hij naar reeksgenoot AO Egaleo.
Pegoplata nigroscutellata is een vliegensoort uit de familie van de bloemvliegen (Anthomyiidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1920 door Stein.
De spelkarakters zijn afkomstig van vier oorsprongen; Veterans, Outlaws, Machinists, of Survivalists, en hebben elk hun specifieke eigenschappen in het spel. Spelers kunnen kiezen om te spelen als mens, een 'Irathient' (mensachtig buitenaards wezen), of als het 'Castithan'-ras via downloadbare inhoud.
De Australian Goldfields Open is een jaarlijks snookertoernooi in Australië. Het toernooi keerde in het seizoen 2011/12 na een afwezigheid van 16 jaar terug op de snookerkalender als een rankingtoernooi. Er wordt gespeeld in Bendigo. Het toernooi wordt aan het begin van het seizoen gehouden, meestal begin juli.
Hoewel Power Rangers een tijdje na de eerste uitzending wel op kinderen gericht bleek te zijn, omschreven een aantal Amerikaanse tijdschriften de serie, voor de eerste uitzending, als een 'tienerserie'.
De netwerkmethode sluit aan bij de formele positiemethode, maar let meer op gedrag dan op formele posities. Gekeken wordt naar de macht die uit kan gaan van netwerken. Bestudeerd wordt “wie met wie omgaat”. Een bekend voorbeeld is het Oxbridge-syndicaat: politieke leiders die op Oxford of Cambridge gestudeerd hebben, blijken te opereren als een hechte groep. De geldigheid van de netwerkmethode is beperkt, want het opsporen van een netwerk betekent nog niet dat dit netwerk feitelijk macht uitoefent.
Bij de volkstelling in 2000 werd het aantal inwoners vastgesteld op 461. In 2006 is het aantal inwoners door het United States Census Bureau geschat op 467, een stijging van 6 (1,3%).
Defiance werd gemengd ontvangen in recensies en kreeg op aggregatiewebsite Metacritic een gemiddelde score van 6,1. Op de website van GameRankings ontving het spel een gemiddelde van 6,2.
Oides laetabilis is een keversoort uit de familie bladhaantjes (Chrysomelidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1864 door Clark.
Ocymyrmex gordoni is een mierensoort uit de onderfamilie van de Myrmicinae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1989 door Prins & Roux.
Paulus Jacobus Antonius (Paul) Schwiebbe (Achthuizen, 11 augustus 1927 – Den Bosch, 24 april 1998) was een Nederlands politicus van het CDA.
Brenthia octogemmifera is een vlinder uit de familie glittermotten (Choreutidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van deze soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1897 door Walsingham.
San Marino heeft zich nog nooit geplaatst voor het EK. In 1990 speelde het voor het eerst een kwalificatiewedstrijd voor dit toernooi, voor het EK 1992. In haar eerste zes EK-kwalificatiereeksen eindigde het land de kwalificatie met nul punten. San Marino behaalde op zaterdag 15 november 2014 haar eerste punt ooit in een EK-kwalificatiereeks. Die dag speelde het in eigen huis met 0–0 gelijk tegen Estland. Op 8 september 2015 wist het tegen Litouwen een uitdoelpunt te maken, het eerste sinds 2001. Door een late tegentreffer verloor men uiteindelijk met 2–1.
Daarna wordt een wetsvoorstel bij de Tweede Kamer ingediend. Het advies speelt een belangrijke rol bij de bespreking van wetsvoorstellen in het parlement.
Nadat de situatie in Bohemen weer rustig was geworden, kreeg Richezza van de nieuwe Boheemse koning Hendrik van Karinthië de toestemming om terug te keren naar Bohemen. Ze vestigde zich in de stad Königgrätz. Na een nieuwe machtsstrijd kwam in 1310 Jan van Luxemburg aan de macht in Bohemen. Jan was gehuwd met Elisabeth van Bohemen, de jongste dochter uit het eerste huwelijk van Wenceslaus II en dus de voormalige stiefdochter van Richezza. Beide vrouwen konden het niet met elkaar vinden.
De onderstaande lijst geeft een overzicht van alle deelnemende landen. De naam van het land linkt naar de specifieke olympische pagina van dat land voor de Spelen van 2012.
Acerophagus utilis is een vliesvleugelig insect uit de familie Encyrtidae. De wetenschappelijke naam is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1923 door Timberlake.
Met de invoering van de bachelor-masterstructuur in het Nederlandse hoger onderwijs werd de propedeuse gehandhaafd. Instellingen zijn vrij om de fase al dan niet af te sluiten met een propedeutisch examen.
Johnny Rivers bracht het nummer in 1966 als single uit. De plaat haalde de 19e plaats in de Billboard Hot 100. Het nummer staat ook op het verzamelalbum Golden Hits uit hetzelfde jaar.
Lourens groeide op in een eenoudergezin bij haar moeder met twee halfbroers en een halfzus. Ze heeft nog twee halfzussen van haar inmiddels overleden vader. Haar moeder is Nederlands, haar vader was Antilliaans (Curaçao). Zelf kreeg ze een dochter en een zoon uit twee relaties.
De B6 begint weer in het noorden van de stad Halle op een kruising met de L50 en de L141/B80. De B6/B80 loopt als een vierbaans stadsweg in zuidoostelijke richting door Halle. Op een kruising bij Halle-Haupbahnhof slaat de B80 in westelijke richting, terwijl de B91 hier begint en samen met de B6 naar een zuidelijker gelegen kruispunt loopt, op dit bewuste kruispunt slaat de B6 af en loopt in zuidoostelijke richting de stad uit. De weg loopt langs Gröbers en Großkugel waarna net voor de A9 de deelstaatgrens met Saksen volgt.
Jason Barnes en Mark Tullo maakten een goede ronde van 65 (-6) en gingen aan de leiding. Thomas Nørret maakte een hole-in-one op hole 16 en deelt met -5 de derde plaats.
Khara Khula (overleden 1635) was tijdens zijn leven de belangrijkste leider van de Oirat-Mongolen. Hij had de ambitie een rijk te stichten waarin alle Oirats onder zijn leiding verenigd zouden zijn. In de laatste periode van zijn leven slaagde hij er in die ambitie te verwezenlijken. Het rijk verkreeg in de periode van zijn zoon en opvolger Erdeni Batur (overleden 1653) een politiek herkenbare identiteit als het kanaat Dzjoengarije.
Angaracris morulimarginis is een rechtvleugelig insect uit de familie veldsprinkhanen (Acrididae). De wetenschappelijke naam van deze soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1981 door Huang.
Win32 voor 64 bit-Windows, voorheen gekend als Win64, is de variant van de API geïmplementeerd op 64 bitplatformen van de Windows-architectuur. Er zijn geen nieuwe user-modefuncties specifiek aan het 64 bitplatform, dus zowel 32 bit- als 64 bitversies van een toepassing kunnen gecompileerd worden van eenzelfde codebase, hoewel sommige oudere API's te verouderd zijn. Alle geheugenpointers zijn standaard 64 bit (het LLP64-model), dus de broncode moet gecontroleerd worden voor compatibiliteit met 64 bit-pointerbewerkingen en indien nodig herschreven worden.
In de collectie van de Koninklijke Bibliotheek in Den Haag bevinden zich 41 portretten van schaakgrootmeesters getekend door Ph. Fokkens. Op de Parijse Salon des Indépendants zijn enige keren werken van hem getoond en in 1923 hield het Stedelijk Museum in Amsterdam een belangrijke expositie van werken van Fokkens.
De Raad van State bestaat, buiten de koning als voorzitter, uit een vice-president en maximaal tien leden. Daarnaast heeft koningin Máxima zitting in de Raad. De leden van het koninklijk huis die zitting in de Raad hebben, kunnen aan de beraadslagingen deelnemen, doch onthouden zich van stemmen.
Op 10 mei 2012 werd zoals gewoonlijk de vlam ontstoken in de Tempel van Hera in Olympia. Zeven dagen later, 17 mei kwam de olympische vlam aan op de plaats van de eerste moderne Spelen: Panathinaiko, Athene. De olympische vlam kwam op 18 mei aan in het Verenigd Koninkrijk waar de organisatie de campagne Moment to Shine lanceerde, een oproep om burgers een stukje met de vlam te laten lopen. 8000 burgers hebben de vlam een stukje door het Verenigd Koninkrijk gedragen. De organisatie ontwierp een route waarbij 95% van de bevolking binnen 1 uur reistijd de fakkeltocht kon bekijken, passend bij het thema van deze editie: Inspire a Generation (Inspireer een generatie). Op 6 juni heeft de olympische vlam het Verenigd Koninkrijk even verlaten om rond te laten gaan in de Ierse hoofdstad Dublin. Tijdens de openingsceremonie op vrijdag 27 juli is het olympisch vuur in het Olympisch Stadion (Londen) door zeven beloftevolle Britse atleten ontstoken.
Diphasia scalariformis is een hydroïdpoliep uit de familie Sertulariidae. De poliep komt uit het geslacht Diphasia. Diphasia scalariformis werd in 1890 voor het eerst wetenschappelijk beschreven door Kirkpatrick.
Snijders, Paul, 'François, Joannes Henri', in: Robert Aldrich en Garry Wotherspoon (redactie), Who's Who in Gay & Lesbian History. London/ New York, 2001.
Een dakje als eerste teken binnen de vierkante haken verandert de tekenverzameling in het omgekeerde: [^0-9] herkent alles wat geen cijfer is.
Veel mensen in de politiek streven ernaar hun macht te vergroten met alle mogelijke middelen. Volgens 'insiders' is macht over anderen verslavend en als men eenmaal macht heeft is het verleidelijk om die steeds verder uit te bouwen. Ook is het moeilijk om eenmaal verworven macht weer af te staan. Dit heeft enerzijds te maken met het statusverhogende effect van macht, maar anderzijds ook met de extra (financiële en andere) voordelen die macht kan geven.
Na de Poolse Novemberopstand van 1830 week Mickiewicz uit naar Frankrijk. Een belangrijk deel van zijn productieve leven heeft hij daar doorgebracht. Toen hij in 1855 op weg was naar de Krim, om daar als vrijwilliger in een Pools legioen in de Krimoorlog tegen Rusland te vechten, overleed hij in Constantinopel aan de cholera.
Friendly produceerde onder andere programma's als Backstairs at the White House en Little House on the Prairie. In 1949 begon hij te werken bij de televisie, namelijk bij de ABC. Hier bleef hij tot 1959, toen hij overstapde naar de NBC.
Haar zoon Lucien trouwde in 1927 met Lucie Gracieuse Mundutey (1900-2005). Er zijn geen nakomelingen. Lucien overleed in 1984 te Cambo-les-Bains en werd er begraven. Op zijn graftombe staat hij als Lucien Duc de Tervueren van Saxe-Cobourg-Gotha, wat zijn afstamming van Leopold II van België aangeeft.
Het Slowaaks handbalteam junioren is het nationale onder-19 en onder-20 handbalteam van Slowakije. Het team vertegenwoordigt het Slovensky Zvaz Hadzanej in internationale handbalwedstrijden voor vrouwen.
Het woord “adashino” symboliseerde op den duur de vergankelijkheid van het menselijk leven en de betrekkelijkheid van elk stoffelijk bezit. In dit hoorspel wordt dat begrip bovenal betrokken op de liefdesrelatie tussen man en vrouw. De hoofdpersoon is een man die ten gevolge van een zakelijk echec een kritiek punt in zijn leven heeft bereikt. Met als intermediair een waarzegster (die volgens dat tradities van het klassieke Noh-spel evenals hij zelf de rollen speelt van zowel de nu levende mensen als van hun vroegere incarnaties) is hij in staat zich in een vroegere belichaming te aanschouwen. Aldus wordt hij zich in een dramatisch spanningsverloop bewust van zijn lotsbestemming…
Gordon werd geboren in Zuid Jamaica, Queens, New York. Ze groeide op in een arme buurt en begon al vroeg met zingen. Al op 6-jarige leeftijd zong ze samen met haar broers en zussen op onder andere begrafenissen, in de kerk en gewoon op straat. Later studeerde ze aan de Fiorello H. LaGuardia school (muziek & kunst en uitvoeren van kunst) en liep ze stage bij een platenmaatschappij. Gordon schreef haar eerste complete nummer "daddy's song" op 15-jarige leeftijd.
De G1 Growler heeft 3 AN/ALQ-99 radar jamming pods, een AN/ALQ-218(V)2 ontvanger en een Raytheon AN/ALQ-227 communicatie countermeasure system; voor het onderbrengen van deze beide systemen werd de oorspronkelijke kanonbewapening van de F/A-18 verwijderd. De AN/ALQ-99 jammer op de block 1 Growler wordt geleverd door de firma EDO Corporation. De AN/ALQ-99 ontvangantennes zitten in de staart van het toestel en de AN/ALQ-99 pod herbergt de versterkers en de zendantennes; deze veroorzaken de voor het personeel zeer gevaarlijke hoogfrequente straling.
Het toernooi werd in 2013 gewonnen door de Amerikaande rookie Brooks Koepka, die eerder dat jaar al twee toernooien had gewonnen. Hij speelde in 2014 op de Europese Tour en verdedigde zijn titel dus niet.
De Albanees Hysen Pulaku werd door het Albanees Olympisch Comité teruggetrokken voor deelname aan de Olympische Spelen vanwege een positieve dopingtest.
Toen hij tien was, begon hij met tekenen van stripverhalen. Hij was daarvoor fan van Suske en Wiske, Lucky Luke, Kuifje en Donald Duck. Vanwege zijn grote belangstelling voor deze stripfiguren wilde hij zelf ook strips gaan tekenen.
Panden die binnen een beschermd gezicht vallen krijgen niet automatisch de status van beschermd monument. Wel zal de gemeente het bestemmingsplan aanpassen om nieuwe ontwikkelingen in het gebied te reguleren. De gezichtsbescherming richt zich op de stedenbouwkundige en cultuurhistorische waardering van een gebied en wil het toekomstig functioneren daarvan veiligstellen.
Sandåkerns IP (volledige naam: Sandåkerns Idrottsplats) is een voetbalstadion in de Zweedse stad Umeå. Het stadion beschikt over een veld van kunstgras.
Morchain is een gemeente in het Franse departement Somme (regio Hauts-de-France) en telt 282 inwoners (2005). De plaats maakt deel uit van het arrondissement Péronne.
Kristine schilderde, tekende en schreef teksten met muziek. Haar belangrijkste bijdrage aan de kunsten is het lied En sang om den nordlandske bondestand (een lied over de Noordse boerenstand), waarvan de tekst in op 17 maart 1832 in het blad Finmarkens Amtstidende in Vardø werd gepubliceerd. Het lied werd door Ludvig Mathias Lindeman opgenomen in zijn Ældre og nyere norske Fjeldmelodier. Vervolgens ging Edvard Grieg met de melodie aan de haal in zijn Ballade i g-moll.
Hoewel de verschillende Rangerteams allemaal andere krachtbronnen en morphers gebruiken, hebben ze een ding gemeen: ze zijn allemaal verbonden met de "Universal Morphin Grid". Wat deze Morphin Grid precies is wordt in de series niet onthuld, maar vast staat is dat de Morphin Grid de ware krachtbron is van alle rangers. Hun afzonderlijke Morphers en krachtbronnen zijn hier allemaal op aangesloten. Als deze verbinding wordt verbroken, verliest een Ranger zijn krachten (wat o.a. te zien is in de aflevering Once a Ranger).
Ook daarna nog had de RvS steeds panden in de omgeving om aan de vraag naar huisvesting te voldoen. In 2008 startte de tweede grote renovatie en uitbreiding naar ontwerp van architectenbureau Merkx+Girod. Deze was in 2011 gereed. Naast een ingrijpende restauratie van de historische panden betrof het weer een deel nieuwbouw, achter de panden aan de Parkstraat, die al in de jaren 80 bij het gebouw van de Raad waren gevoegd.
In 2008 ging het beter voor de Albanezen. Zangeres Olta Boka won Festival i këngës met het nummer Zemrën e lamë peng, en mocht haar land vertegenwoordigen in Belgrado. Albanië wist zich voor de derde keer in de geschiedenis te plaatsen voor de finale van het festival. Na negende te zijn geëindigd in de tweede halve finale, werd Boka zestiende in de finale, met 55 punten. In Moskou, in 2009, werd er opnieuw in het Engels gezongen. De 17-jarige zangeres Kejsi Tola werd met haar popnummer Carry me in your dreams zevende in de tweede halve finale, en moest in de finale vervolgens tevreden zijn met de 17de plaats. Voor het Eurovisiesongfestival van 2010 in Oslo deed Anjeza Shahini opnieuw een gooi naar de zege in Festival i këngës, maar ze moest uiteindelijk nipt de duimen leggen voor Juliana Pasha. Haar nummer Nuk mundem pa ty werd voor de gelegenheid vertaald in het Engels, en werd zo It's all about you. Albanië overleefde voor het derde jaar op rij de halve finales, en werd wederom zestiende in de grote finale, met 62 punten. In 2011 presteerde Albanië weer eens teleurstellend. Aurela Gaçe trad in Düsseldorf aan met het nummer Feel the passion, maar bereikte de finale niet, tot groot ongeloof van de zangeres zelf.
10 territoria die politiek afhankelijk zijn van China (1), Nederland (1), Nieuw-Zeeland (1), de Verenigde Staten (4) en het Verenigd Koninkrijk (3).
Microsoft voorziet sinds Windows 95 OSR2 elke Windows-installatie van de DirectX-API's. DirectX voorziet een los gerelateerde set van multimedia en gamingservices, zoals:
De volgende tabel geeft het programma van de Spelen per dag. Een blauw vakje betekent dat er die dag een of meerdere onderdelen op het programma staan, maar dat er nog geen medailles verdeeld worden. Een geel vakje geeft aan dat er die dag medailles zijn te winnen. Elke medaille in de tabel staat voor een bepaald onderdeel.
In de zomer van 2012 trad hij als videoanalist in dienst bij PSV. Hij kwam bij PSV te werken onder Dick Advocaat en trof daar als eerste assistent-trainer Ernest Faber, met wie hij eerder samenwerkte bij het Nederlands elftal.. In 2013 nam Philip Cocu, die tevens assistent was onder Van Marwijk ten tijde van Rips tijd bij het Nederlands elftal, het stokje over van Advocaat. Rip werd met de ploeg zowel in Eredivisie 2014/15 als in Eredivisie 2015/16 (mannenvoetbal) met PSV landskampioen. Daarnaast wonnen ze zowel in 2015 als in 2016 de Johan Cruijff Schaal.
De NV Veluws(ch)e Auto Dienst (VAD) was een Nederlands openbaar vervoerbedrijf, oorspronkelijk gevestigd te Ermelo en vanaf 1970 te Apeldoorn.
Saban kreeg in het begin veel kritiek over het feit dat hij acteurs gebruikte die geen lid waren van de SAG, en over de eenzijdige contracten die hij hun bood.
Fissurisepta enderbyensis is een slakkensoort uit de familie van de Fissurellidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1958 door Powell.
Siewierz is een stad in het Poolse woiwodschap Silezië, gelegen in de powiat Będziński. De oppervlakte bedraagt 38,22 km², het inwonertal 5560 (2005).
De Gouden Ui was de jaarlijkse filmprijs voor de slechtste Nederlandse film, acteur, actrice en regisseur van het jaar. De prijs was bedoeld als tegenhanger van het Gouden Kalf, vergelijkbaar met de tegenstelling tussen de Oscar en de Razzie.
Penyangkak is een plaats in het bestuurlijke gebied Bengkulu Utara in de provincie Bengkulu, Indonesië. Het dorp telt 384 inwoners (volkstelling 2010).
De baan hoort bij een resort. Macdonald heeft in 2014 40 hotels en 10 resorts: 5 in het Verenigd Koninkrijk, 4 in Spanje en 1 in Portugal. Niet alle resorts hebben een eigen golfbaan. De baan van Spey Valley werd in de zomer van 2006 geopend, werd ontworpen door Dave Thomas, en staat sinds 2013 in de top-100 banen van het Verenigd Koninkrijk, hoewel het clubhuis toen nog niet bestond. Het is geen links-baan, waar Schotland zo beroemd om is, maar een baan in het binnenland. Het is vrij vlak en heeft veel heide.
De Olympische Zomerspelen van de XXXe Olympiade werden van 27 juli tot en met 12 augustus 2012 gehouden in Londen, de hoofdstad van het Verenigd Koninkrijk. Het was de 27e editie van de Zomerspelen die voor het eerst in 1896 werden georganiseerd. Londen is de eerste stad die voor de derde keer de Spelen mocht organiseren. Eerder vonden de Spelen van 1908 en 1948 hier plaats. Aansluitend aan de Olympische Spelen werden in Londen ook de Paralympische Spelen gehouden.
In 2001, halverwege het seizoen Power Rangers: Wild Force, werd het Power Rangers-franchise overgenomen door Walt Disney Company als onderdeel van de verkoop van het Fox Family-kanaal. Aanvankelijk wilde Disney de serie niet voortzetten daar de productiekosten te hoog waren. Power Rangers: Wild Force zou het laatste seizoen worden. Producers Doug Sloan en Ann Austin slaagden er echter in een deal te maken met Village Roadshow in Nieuw-Zeeland om de productie van Power Rangers daarheen te verhuizen. Opnames in Nieuw-Zeeland waren stukken goedkoper dan in de Verenigde Staten, dus zette Disney de serie toch voort met Power Rangers: Ninja Storm.
Het San Marinees voetbalelftal is een team van voetballers dat de dwergstaat San Marino vertegenwoordigt in internationale wedstrijden en competities. Het is een van de zwakkere ploegen waartegen toplanden soms monsterscores behalen. Zo won Duitsland in 2006 een EK-kwalificatiewedstrijd in San Marino met 0–13, Polen drie jaar later thuis met 10–0 en opnieuw twee jaar later Nederland thuis met 11–0.
In januari van 1145, veroverde Zengi de steden Sarju en Birejik, maar het leger uit Jeruzalem was eindelijk gearriveerd en had zich samengevoegd met Jocelin II. Ondertussen hoorde Zengi over problemen in Mosoel, en haastte zich terug om alles daar op orde te stellen. Nadat het was opgelost werd hij uitgeroepen als Verdediger van het vertrouwen. Hij viel de rest van de staat Edessa niet binnen en ook Antiochië liet hij ongemoeid in tegenstelling als werd gevreesd. Jocelin II behield nog het gedeelte van Turbessel tot aan de Eufraat, uiteindelijk viel de rest van de staat beetje bij beetje in Turkse handen en ook in Byzantijnse.
Topatleten strijden jaarlijks op het BK Atletiek voor de nationale titels op diverse atletiekdisciplines. Alle loop- en technische nummers welke worden beoefend op een atletiekbaan en waarop een Belgische titel valt te behalen worden bij dit kampioenschap afgewerkt. Echter de 10.000 m de aflossingen en de meerkamp worden op een ander tijdstip verwerkt.
Marktrechten verkreeg Gornji Grad in 1349. In 1461 werd het eigendom van het bisdom van Ljubljana, die het hier gevestigde klooster in 1473 ophief. Het bisdom maakte er haar residentie van.
Van den Nieuwenhuyzen werd beschuldigd van handel met voorkennis rond het automatiseringsbedrijf HCS (1991). Hoewel hij bij arrest van 17 oktober 1994 voor handelen met voorkennis veroordeeld werd tot 6 maanden gevangenisstraf, werd deze uitspraak door de Hoge Raad (27 juni 1995) vernietigd. Het gerechtshof te Den Haag sprak hem daarna (1996) vrij. Zijn schadeclaim diende hij in via de daarvoor opgerichte Stichting Begaclaim (1997). Tevens werden de Begemann-aandelen gesplitst in een A- en een B-aandeel, waarbij de B-aandelen onder de naam 'Begaclaim' de claim vertegenwoordigden. De claim werd echter in september 2004 afgewezen. In januari 2005 besloot Begaclaim tegen de uitspraak in cassatie te gaan, maar in 2007 werd de procedure afgeblazen.
Mordella subvittata is een keversoort uit de familie spartelkevers (Mordellidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1887 door McLeay.
Paracheilinus carpenteri is een straalvinnige vissensoort uit de familie van lipvissen (Labridae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1981 door Randall & Lubbock.
De serie stond gedurende de eerste drie seizoenen bekend als Mighty Morphin Power Rangers. Daarna kreeg de serie elk seizoen een andere naam beginnend met Power Rangers: Zeo, en werd Power Rangers de algemene overkoepelende naam voor de gehele serie.
Grasseiteles opaculus is een insect dat behoort tot de orde vliesvleugeligen (Hymenoptera) en de familie van de gewone sluipwespen (Ichneumonidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd door Carl Gustaf Thomson in 1884.
De stelling van Steiner-Lehmus zegt dat als in een driehoek twee binnenbissectrices gelijke lengte hebben, dat deze driehoek dan gelijkbenig is. In de figuur hiernaast betekent dat, als α=β, γ=δ en AE=BD, dan is de driehoek gelijkbenig.
De Super G voor vrouwen werd gewonnen door Oostenrijkse Andrea Fischbacher. De Zweed Marcus Hellner won de gouden medaille op de 30 kilometer achtervolging voor mannen. Bij het shorttracken werden de gouden medailles verdeeld onder de Chinese Zhou Yang, die de 1500 meter voor vrouwen won, en de Zuid-Koreaan Lee Jung-Su, die de snelste was op de 1000 meter voor mannen. Beide schaatsers reden het oude olympische record stuk. Op de grote schans bleek de Zwitser Simon Ammann wederom de beste, eerder won hij al op de kleine schans. Na die overwinning tekende de Oostenrijkse equipe protest aan bij de organisatie; Ammann zou een onreglementaire aanpassingen hebben gedaan aan zijn skibindingen, de FIS zag echter geen problemen en keurde Ammanns ski's goed. Acht jaar eerder, tijdens de Spelen in Salt Lake City won de Zwitser ook al beide onderdelen, maar tijdens de editie in Turijn presteerde Ammann beduidend slechter.
Oorspronkelijk was ze verloofd met Otto, zoon van markgraaf Albrecht III van Brandenburg. Het was dan ook in Brandenburg dat Richezza een opleiding kreeg. Haar verloofde overleed echter nog voor het huwelijk.
Het verenkleed van deze 16 cm lange vogel is bruinwit. In de broedtijd heeft het mannetje een met wit getekende kastanjebruine kop, die in de winter doffer is. Verder heeft de vogel geelbruine poten en een dikke, bruine snavel. Het vrouwtje is bruiner met minder wit.
Gewone letters en cijfers in de reguliere expressie herkennen hetzelfde teken in de te vinden tekenreeks. Een aantal tekens hebben speciale betekenis:
De spoorlijn Silberhausen - Treysa is een Duitse spoorlijn tussen de steden Silberhausen en Treysa (gemeente Schwalmstadt). De lijn was als spoorlijn onder beheer van DB Netze. Op dit traject vindt geen vervoer meer plaats.
Bij de volkstelling in 2000 werd het aantal inwoners vastgesteld op 9310. In 2006 is het aantal inwoners door het United States Census Bureau geschat op 9728, een stijging van 418 (4,5%).
Microarthridion berberum is een eenoogkreeftjessoort uit de familie van de Tachidiidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1936 door Monard.
Toen de serie toch een zevende seizoen kreeg besloot Saban om niet weer met een doorlopend verhaal te beginnen. Dit seizoen, Power Rangers: Lost Galaxy, nam daarom al meer afstand van de voorgaande seizoenen. Zo had dit seizoen een nieuw team, thema en verhaal. Wel vertoonde Power Rangers: Lost Galaxy nog kenmerken van eerdere series. Zo gebruiken de Galaxy Rangers het Astro Megaship uit Power Rangers: In Space, was Alpha 6 nog steeds hun helper en waren Bulk en Professor Phenomonous (personages uit het voorgaande seizoen) verspreid over het seizoen te zien. Boven alles kwam Karone (voorheen Astronema, hoofdschurk in In Space) terug in de rol van Roze Galaxy Ranger.
De eerste geregistreerde Zombie Walk vond plaats in Sacramento, Californië op 19 augustus 2001. Het vervolg was in juli 2002 en sindsdien is het een jaarlijks terugkerend evenement. Sindsdien wordt op tal van plekken in de wereld Zombie Walks georganiseerd.
Weel en Paul Snijders, Hans van, 'Met trots en zelfbewustheid. Joannes Henri François (1884-1948)', in: Pijlen van naamloze liefde. Pioniers van de homo-emancipatie. Amsterdam, SUA, 1988.
Coleophora implicitella is een vlinder uit de familie van de kokermotten (Coleophoridae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1903 door Fuchs.
Snijders, Paul, 'Soo ruyckt ge wat kruydigh. Verkeerde lusten in vroeger tijden', in: Gay 2002. Cultureel jaarboek voor mannen. Amsterdam, Vassallucci, 2001, p. 106-115. [Het is een vergelijking van 17e- en 18e-eeuwse vertalingen van homopassages uit de Satyren van Juvenalis.]
De Keyser werd in 1595 stadsarchitect en stadssteenhouwer in Amsterdam, waar hij verschillende gebouwen ontwierp. Daartoe behoren het Oost-Indisch Huis, het Bestuurs- en administratiekantoor van de voormalige V.O.C. en de Westerkerk met de beroemde Westertoren, die na zijn dood door zijn zoon Pieter werd voltooid en zijn beroemdste werk zou worden. Naast deze gebouwen ontwierp en bouwde hij ook woonhuizen voor rijke particulieren. Beroemd zijn het mogelijk door hem voltooide Huis met de Hoofden en het Huis Bartolotti. Of het Huis Bartolotti van zijn hand is wordt van verschillende kanten betwist.
De Windows API houdt zich vooral bezig met de interactie tussen het besturingssysteem en een toepassing. Voor de communicatie tussen de verschillende Windowstoepassingen onderling heeft Microsoft een reeks technologieën ontwikkeld naast de hoofdzakelijke Windows API. Dit begon met Dynamic Data Exchange (DDE), dat vervangen werd door Object Linking and Embedding (OLE) en later door het Component Object Model (COM), Automation Objects, ActiveX Controls en het .NET-framework. Er is niet altijd een duidelijk onderscheid tussen deze technologieën en ze overlappen vaak.
Stilpon appendiculatus is een vliegensoort uit de familie van de Hybotidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1936 door Frey.
Een deel van Schiedam is een beschermd stadsgezicht. In de gemeente is er een aantal rijksmonumenten, gemeentelijke monumenten en oorlogsmonumenten, zie:
In maart 2008 verscheen het nieuwste album: Dig, Lazarus, Dig!!! Ter promotie van dit nieuwe album gaven Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds een concert in de Heineken Music Hall in Amsterdam. Net als het vorige album Abattoir Blues/The Lyre of Orpheus is ook deze cd geproduceerd door Nick Launay.
Farges-lès-Chalon - Farges-lès-Mâcon - Le Fay - Flacey-en-Bresse - Flagy - Fleurville - Fleury-la-Montagne - Fley - Fontaines - Fontenay - Fragnes - Frangy-en-Bresse - La Frette - Fretterans - Frontenard - Frontenaud - Fuissé
In vrijwel elke aflevering draagt een Ranger een keer kleding in de kleur van zijn/haar Ranger kostuum, in sommige gevallen is dat niet zo bijvoorbeeld bij de introductie van nieuwe rangers, dat ze een moeilijke kleur hebben (Goud, Zilver) of dat ze een speciaal trainingsuniform hebben.
Chiastocheta solidiceps is een vliegensoort uit de familie van de bloemvliegen (Anthomyiidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1966 door Huckett.
Blanche, ook gekend als Caroline, was de dochter van de bescheiden ambtenaar Jules Delacroix en Catherine Josephine Sébille. Al op jonge leeftijd was ze barmeid en prostituée in Parijs.
De buitenplaats bleef tot 1953 in handen van de familie Van Lennep. Politicus Cornelis van Lennep Sr., classicus en dichter David Jacob van Lennep en schrijver/politicus Jacob van Lennep hebben in het huis gewoond. David Jacob van Lennep plaatste in 1817 het monument De Naald (ter nagedachtenis aan de Slag bij Manpad, die in 1304 zou hebben plaatsgevonden) bij de kruising van de Manpadslaan en Herenweg.
In 2012 deed Lourens mee aan de realitysoap Expeditie Robinson. Hoewel ze op dag twee als eerste kandidaat werd weggestemd, wist ze zich tot de finale staande te houden, die niettemin werd gewonnen door medekandidaat Fatima Moreira de Melo.
1861 – 1889: Richard Plantagenet Campbell Temple-Nugent-Brydges-Chandos-Grenville (1823-1889), 4e markies van Buckingham, 3e hertog van Buckingham en Chandos
Het Internationale Rode Kruis kent twee onderscheidingen en meerdere penningen en Spelden van Verdienste zoals de Medaille voor het eeuwfeest in 1963 en de in 1969 geslagen Medaille ter Ere van het Vijftigjarig Bestaan van de Liga van het Rode Kruis en de Halve Rode Maanverenigingen. Dat zijn legpenningen. Draagbare onderscheidingen zijn:
Het Bregenzerwaldgebirge is een berggroep die deel uitmaakt van de Alpen, onderdeel van de Alpenvereinseinteilung der Ostalpen. Het Bregenzerwaldgebirge is geheel gelegen in de Oostenrijkse deelstaat Vorarlberg. Het gebied komt niet helemaal overeen met de regio Bregenzerwald, die ook delen van de Allgäuer Alpen omvat. Het Bregenzerwaldgebirge omvat daarnaast weer delen van het Rijndal, de Walgau en het Großes Walsertal, die niet tot het Bregenzerwald behoren.
Er zijn ook gedeelde koningsspillen, zoals op de Pelmolen Ter Horst en de molen De Hoop in Oldebroek, waarbij het onderste deel van de koningsspil de wentelas van de olieslagerij aandrijft.
Hij wordt, nog voor Zygmunt Krasiński en Juliusz Słowacki, als de grootste Poolse dichter van de 19de eeuw beschouwd. Zijn hoofdwerk, de roman in verzen Pan Tadeusz, is een in Polen nog veel gelezen klassiek werk.
Drie jaar voor de dood van zijn echtgenote koningin Marie-Henriette kreeg de 64-jarige koning in 1900 een relatie met het 16-jarige, goed opgeleide meisje uit Parijs. De twee zouden elkaar hebben ontmoet op de wereldtentoonstelling van 1900 in Parijs. Naar verluidt vroeg de vorst haar of ze wist wie hij was, waarop ze antwoordde: 'Koning Oscar van Zweden'. Andere bronnen houden het erop dat ze al in 1899 kennis maakten in het Parijse hotel Elysée Palace. Het meisje verbleef er met haar lief Antoine Durrieux, een voormalig legerofficier met een gokreputatie die bij gelegenheid ook haar pooier zou zijn geweest. Leopold liet zich voorstellen, en de kortstondige verhouding die volgde, groeide uit tot iets blijvends.
Er wordt niet veel reclame gemaakt in Grepolis. Daarom wordt het spel gefinancierd door de zogenaamde premiumfuncties die in het spel voor geld gekocht kunnen worden. Met het gekochte goud kan bijvoorbeeld een "bestuurder" worden gekocht, die de spelers veel nieuwe overzichten biedt (bijvoorbeeld gebouwenoverzicht of eenhedenoverzicht). Naast de "bestuurder" kan de speler zijn goud nog investeren in een hogepriesteres, een commandant of een kapitein. Hierdoor krijgt de speler verschillende voordelen, zoals een snellere looptijd voor troepen en de handelaar, een betere gunst bij de goden of een stijging van de gevechtskracht van de marine-eenheden. Bovendien kunnen spelers voor 50 goud het feest Olympische Spelen vieren, wat normaal gesproken 5 dagen duurt.
Patrick De Witte (Gent, 11 november 1958 – aldaar, 19 februari 2013) was een Vlaams columnist en producent van televisieprogramma's. Van mei 2012 tot aan zijn dood was hij hoofdredacteur van het mannenblad P-Magazine. Hij schreef onder de initialen (pdw).
Als het wetsvoorstel door Tweede en Eerste Kamer is aangenomen wordt het, net als een Algemene Maatregel van Bestuur, ondertekend door het staatshoofd en vervolgens bekendgemaakt. Op dat moment zijn alle stukken (wetsvoorstel of Algemene Maatregel van Bestuur, advies van de Raad van State en Nader rapport) openbaar en voor iedereen toegankelijk. De regering kan er ook voor kiezen om een wetsvoorstel niet naar het parlement te sturen voor verdere behandeling of de Algemene Maatregel van Bestuur niet in werking te laten treden.
Een reguliere expressie omschrijft een verzameling tekenreeksen (strings) zonder ze allemaal op te noemen. De drie strings Handel, Händel en Haendel kunnen bijvoorbeeld beschreven worden met het patroon “H(a|ä|ae)ndel”.
Databases kunnen specifieke Unicode-pagina's gebruiken, zodat niet de volledige Unicode hoeft te worden worden ondersteund, maar enkel die welke nodig voor de database. Dit is om de database niet onnodig groot te maken.
In zijn tienerjaren tekende hij vele strips, onder begeleiding van, onder anderen, Ed van Schuijlenburg. Momenteel tekent hij voor het weekblad Donald Duck.
Joel Villanueva (Bocaue, 2 augustus 1975) is een Filipijns politicus en voormalig basketballer. Villanueva werd in 2016 gekozen in de Senaat van de Filipijnen. Eerder was hij van 2002 tot 2010 lid van het Filipijns Huis van Afgevaardigden. Voor zijn politieke carrière was Villanueva basketballer. Hij speelde onder meer voor het Filipijnse nationaal basketbalteam.
Teloganopsis deficiens is een haft uit de familie Ephemerellidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1911 door Morgan. De soort komt voor in het Nearctisch gebied.
De Lange Lies kwam aan haar eind op maandag 16 augustus 1976. Met de sloop van de Lange Jan op zaterdag 21 augustus 1976, ruim anderhalf jaar na de sluiting, kwam ook het definitieve einde van de steenkoolmijn Oranje-Nassau I.
Metarhynchites schenklingi is een keversoort uit de familie Rhynchitidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1921 door Voss.
De MoVimento 5 Stelle (M5S, in het Nederlands: Vijfsterrenbeweging) is een politieke partij uit Italië. De partij is opgericht door activist, blogger, komiek, acteur en politicus Beppe Grillo, die ook de partijleider is.
Khara Khula bevond zich op dat moment in de zwakste positie. Hij deed een wat vage belofte akkoord te gaan met deze voorwaarden. Hij ontdekte echter spoedig dat de bescherming van Rusland in de praktijk vrijwel niets voorstelde. Khara Khula had vooral metalen wapens nodig in zijn strijd tegen de Altyn Khan. Hij kreeg die echter niet van de Russen. Hij beroofde daarop een aantal stammen in het zuiden van Siberië die al lang vazal van de tsaar waren, van die wapens. Dit soort incidenten leidde tot verdere escalatie en Khara Khula gaf dan ook zelfs de illusie op een vazal van de tsaar te zijn. In 1623 wist Khara Khula een nieuwe aanval van de Altyn Khan af te slaan.
Daags na de slotceremonie werd bekend dat de Wit-Russische olympisch kampioene kogelstoten Nadzeja Astaptsjoek betrapt werd op het gebruik van doping. De Nieuw-Zeelandse Valerie Adams werd tot winnares gekroond.
Mesochorus grandisops is een insect dat behoort tot de orde vliesvleugeligen (Hymenoptera) en de familie van de gewone sluipwespen (Ichneumonidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd door Dasch in 1971.
Volgens het United States Census Bureau beslaat de plaats een oppervlakte van 9,1 km², waarvan 8,5 km² land en 0,6 km² water. Cuyuna ligt op ongeveer 370 m boven zeeniveau.
Coelichneumon terebrifer is een insect dat behoort tot de orde vliesvleugeligen (Hymenoptera) en de familie van de gewone sluipwespen (Ichneumonidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd door Heinrich in 1961.
Daarnaast bevat het blad calciumoxalaat, dat contacteczeem veroorzaakt bij mensen die beroepsmatig veel met narcissen omgaan (kwekers, bloemisten) en die daar gevoelig voor zijn. De concentratie calciumoxalaat is bij sommige cultivars hoger dan bij andere. Vooral 'Actaea', 'Camparelle', 'Gloriosa', 'Grande Monarque', 'Ornatus', 'Princeps' en 'Scilly White' staan erom bekend huidiritatie te veroorzaken.
Silas Weir Mitchell (Philadelphia (Pennsylvania), 1969) is een Amerikaans acteur die vooral bekend is van zijn rollen van psychisch gestoorde personen.
Ook Costa Rica, dat onder leiding stond van de Joegoslavische bondscoach Bora Milutinović, haalde bij het WK-debuut meteen de achtste finales, een prestatie die in drie latere deelnames niet werd geëvenaard. De derde groepswedstrijd tegen Zweden werd met 2-1 gewonnen, waardoor Costa Rica in Bari mocht aantreden tegen Tsjechoslowakije. Voorafgaand aan die wedstrijd raakte Conejo geblesseerd. Met Hermidio Barrantes als zijn vervanger was Costa Rica kansloos: Los Ticos werden afgedroogd met 4-1, onder meer door drie treffers van aanvaller Tomáš Skuhravý.
De EA-18G is bedoeld voor elektronische oorlogvoering en werd ontwikkeld ter vervanging van de verouderende Grumman EA-6 Prowler. Dit toestel werd in 1971 geïntroduceerd en is na jarenlange inzet aan het eind van zijn operationele levensduur gekomen.
Gavin werd geboren als James Nally Ryan. Het is niet duidelijk wie zijn ouders waren. James verbleef in een weeshuis totdat hij in 1909 werd geadopteerd door Martin en Mary Gavin uit Mount Carmel, Pennsylvania waar Martin Gavin in een kolenmijn werkte. Het gezin had het niet breed en James moest al op 12-jarige leeftijd gaan werken om geld te verdienen.
Joep van den Nieuwenhuyzen was in 1982 woordvoerder van de familie Van der Valk naar aanleiding van de ontvoering van zijn schoonmoeder Toos van der Valk.
Ancistria tenera is een keversoort uit de familie Passandridae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1936 door Günther in Heller & Günther.
Joel Villanueva werd geboren op 2 augustus 1975 in Bocaue, in de Filipijnse provincie Bulacan. Hij is het tweede kind van vier van Eddie Villanueva en Adoracion Villanueva. Villanueva studeerde aan de University of Santo Tomas, waar hij in 1996 afstudeerde met een Bachelor of Science-diploma. Aansluitende studeerde hij van 1996 tot 1998 bedrijfskunde aan Harvard in de Verenigde Staten. Tijdens zijn studententijd in de Filipijnen speelde Villanueva basketbal voor het universiteitsteam, de UST Growling Tigers. Met dat team won hij in 1994 en 1995 twee maal het kampioenschap van de UAAP. Villanueva maakt ook deel uit van het Filipijnse nationaal basketbalteam dat in 1994 deelnam aan de eerste kampioenschapstoernooi van de SEABA (Zuidoostaziatische basketbal associatie).
Westerlo of formeel Westerlo-Centrum is een van de zeven dorpskernen van de gemeente Westerlo. Het dorp grenst aan de oever van de Grote Nete. Het is een van de drie dorpen die deelgemeente Westerlo vormen.
Volvarina cordyorum is een slakkensoort uit de familie van de Marginellidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 2009 door Cossignani.
Een vraagteken geeft aan dat het voorafgaande teken ten hoogste één keer mag voorkomen, bijvoorbeeld “De Bruij?n” herkent “De Bruin” en “De Bruijn”.
Atkins schreef 13 boeken, waaronder Dr. Atkins' Dieetrevolutie (1972), Dr. Atkins' Nieuwe dieetrevolutie (1992) en een bewerking daarvan (2002) en Een leven lang Atkins (2003), waarin de Atkins-voedingsmethode uitgebreid wordt beschreven. De Nieuwe dieetrevolutie stond bijna zes jaar lang in de top-10 van de bestsellerslijst van The New York Times. Er zijn wereldwijd meer dan 14 miljoen exemplaren van verkocht en het boek is daarmee een van de top-50 bestsellers aller tijden. Ook Een leven lang Atkins stond na publicatie in januari 2003 wekenlang op de eerste plaats van de bestsellerlijst.
Hij ging werken bij Arthur D. Little (ADL) waar hij tot 1977 directeur was. Van 1961 tot 1962 onderbrak hij zijn tijd bij ADL om op verzoek van president Kennedy ambassadeur in Frankrijk te worden en zo de relatie tussen de twee landen te herstellen. Hierin was hij succesvol, mede door zijn goede contacten met generaal De Gaulle.
Brachyptera brevipennis is een steenvlieg uit de familie vroege steenvliegen (Taeniopterygidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1964 door Zhiltzova.
In de kwartfinale verloor Costa Rica uiteindelijk van Nederland, al gebeurde dat pas na strafschoppen: 4-3. Na 120 minuten was de stand gelijk (0-0) in Salvador, ondanks een groot aantal kansen voor Oranje. Zo schoot Wesley Sneijder op de paal en de lat. Bondscoach Louis van Gaal bracht doelman Tim Krul in de laatste minuut van de verlenging als vervanger in het veld voor Jasper Cillessen. Waar Nederland alle penalty's raak schoot, redde Krul op de inzetten van Bryan Ruiz en Michael Umaña.
Het dier behoort tot het geslacht Rugathodes. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1972 door Takeo Yaginuma.
In 1955 had Gavin de leiding over het onderzoek naar en de ontwikkeling van nieuwe wapens, en de mogelijkheid deze zodanig te maken dan ze met vliegtuigen vervoerd en eventueel gedemonteerd gedropt konden worden. Dit leidde soms tot onenigheid met Dwight Eisenhower, die vond dat conventionele wapens mogelijk niet voldoende aandacht kregen. In maart 1958 verliet Gavin het leger na onenigheid met het Pentagon, zoals hij beschrijft in zijn boek War and Peace in the Space Age. Hij was toen generaal.
Megachile pugnata is een vliesvleugelig insect uit de familie Megachilidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1837 door Say.
Win16 is de API voor de eerste, 16 bitversies van Microsoft Windows. Deze werd oorspronkelijk gewoonweg de Windows API genoemd, maar werd later hernoemd naar Win16 om een onderscheid te maken van de nieuwere 32 bitversie van de Windows API. De functies van de Win16-API vind je voornamelijk in de kernbestanden van het besturingssysteem: kernel.exe (of krnl286.exe of krnl386.exe), user.exe en gdi.exe. Ondanks het exe-bestandsformaat zijn dit in feite dynamisch verbonden bibliotheken.
Baanwielrenner Chris Hoy won tweemaal goud, op de sprint en de keirin, en werd de meest succesvolle Britse sporter aller tijden. Ben Ainslie werd - met nogmaals goud - de eerste sporter bij het zeilen die een medaille won op vijf opeenvolgende Olympische Spelen (vier gouden en een zilveren).
Sam krijgt te horen dat zijn vader, van wie hij vervreemd is, overleden is en gaat tegen zijn zin naar Los Angeles voor de begrafenis. Ter plaatse krijgt hij te horen dat hij de waardevolle platencollectie erft – zijn vader was muziekproducent. Hij krijgt ook een tas cash geld met instructies om die aan een zekere "Josh Davis" af te leveren. Sam gaat naar hem op zoek en ontdekt zo dat zijn vader een buitenechtelijke dochter had die zelf een zoontje, Josh, heeft. Hij wil het geld eerst zelf houden, want hij kan het goed gebruiken. Hij maakt echter kennis met zijn halfzus Frankie en Josh en gaat met hen om.
In november/december 2004 was Kiev het toneel van felle protestdemonstraties van aanhangers van Viktor Joesjtsjenko tegen de vervalsing van de verkiezingsuitslag door aanhangers van Viktor Janoekovytsj, die uiteindelijk leidden tot de verkiezing van eerstgenoemde tot president (deze periode staat bekend als de Oranjerevolutie).
Pseudarmadillo dollfusi is een pissebed uit de familie Delatorreidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1905 door Richardson.
Jón Magnússon (Aðaldalur, 16 januari 1859 - Neskaupstaður, 23 juni 1926) was een IJslands politicus. Hij was premier van IJsland gedurende twee ambtstermijnen. Gedurende zijn eerste termijn als premier, van 4 januari 1917 tot 7 maart 1922, was hij lid van de Zelfstandigheidspartij (Heimastjórnarflokkurinn). Daarna werd hij lid van de Conservatieve Partij van IJsland. Zijn tweede termijn als premier liep van 22 maart 1924 tot 23 juni 1926. Tegelijkertijd met zijn premierschap was hij minister van justitie.
Snijders, Paul, 'Jacques d'Adelswärd-Fersen und seine Zeitschrift Akademos', in: Jacques d'Adelswärd-Fersen. Dandy und Poet. Annäherungen. Red. Wolfgang Setz. Hamburg, MännerschwarmSkript Verlag - Bibliothek rosa Winkel 38, 2005, p. 142-186.
Een softwareontwikkelaar kan gebruikmaken van de Microsoft Windows-SDK (Software Development Kit), die documentatie en tools voorziet om de Windows API en andere Windowstechnologieën te gebruiken.
De propedeutische fase of kortweg propedeuse (samenstelling uit het Grieks πρó en παιδεύω: vooropleiding) is de eerste fase van een hbo-opleiding of universitaire studie in Nederland.
In 2015 werd Van den Nieuwenhuyzen in hoger beroep veroordeeld wegens omkoping van Willem Scholten, directeur van het Havenbedrijf Rotterdam, en valsheid in geschrifte.
Het Huis te Manpad is een historische buitenplaats aan de Herenweg 9 in het Noord-Hollandse Heemstede. In 1558 werd voor het eerst melding gemaakt van de buitenplaats. Pieter Cornelisz. Heuts gaf in 1630 opdracht om het hoofdgebouw dat er nu nog staat te bouwen. In 1666 kocht Daniel Lestevenon dit huis van hem. Na diens dood breidde zijn vrouw Elisabeth Gillon de buitenplaats uit door het naastgelegen Het cleyne Huys te Manpat aan te kopen. In 1675 werd de buitenplaats verkocht aan de Amsterdamse koopman Cornelis van Goor. In 1708 breidde hij Huis te Manpad uit door aankoop van een stuk land en een huis met de naam de Capel.
De Canadian Olympic Committee verkoos Vancouver boven Calgary, nadat het Quebec niet was gelukt om de Spelen van 2002 binnen te halen. Er waren naast Vancouver aanvankelijk zeven andere kandidaten, te weten: Andorra la Vella (Andorra), Bern (Zwitserland), Harbin (China), Jaca (Spanje), Pyeongchang (Zuid-Korea), Salzburg (Oostenrijk) en Sarajevo (Bosnië en Herzegovina). Bern viel al vroeg af, nadat een referendum in Zwitserland had uitgewezen dat de bevolking een kandidatuur niet steunde. Na een selectie bleven Pyeongchang, Salzburg en Vancouver over. Op de 115e IOC-zitting in Praag op 2 juli 2003 werd met een stand van 56-53 de Canadese stad verkozen. Salzburg was met slechts 16 stemmen al in de eerste ronde afgevallen.
De titel werd voor het eerst gecreëerd in 1618 door koning Jacobus I voor George Villiers, die de titel graaf van Buckingham al bezat. Na de dood van zijn zoon in 1687 stierf de titel uit.
Wethouder F. van Oosten (VVD), die tegelijk met de bovenstaande wethouders was aangesteld, is in oktober 2012 wegens verkiezing tot lid van de Tweede Kamer vervangen door mevr. N. Gouweleeuw (VVD).
Trivia tortuga is een slakkensoort uit de familie van de Triviidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1979 door Cate.
Op 12 december 1909 trouwde Leopold kerkelijk met Blanche. Volgens Blanche werd ze door de koning aan Auguste Goffinet voorgesteld met de woorden: "Messieurs, voici ma veuve" (Ziehier, heren, mijn weduwe). Het was een trouwplechtigheid "in articulo mortis" (op het moment van sterven), geleid door een aan het paleis verbonden priester. Omdat er geen burgerlijk huwelijk aan was voorafgegaan, was de verbintenis onwettig. Voor het Vaticaan was ze echter geldig, in alle kerken werd een herderlijke brief afgelezen die het huwelijk plechtig verkondigde. Blanche werd de titel barones de Vaughan gegeven, hoewel daaraan nooit een Koninklijk Besluit ten grondslag heeft gelegen.
Gordons debuutalbum With the Music I Die kwam op 17 juni 2011 uit in Australië. Het nummer "Dirty talk" van dat album kwam vier weken op nummer 1 in de Australische single top 50. Ook in de US Dance lijst en de Australische Dance lijst kwam het nummer op 1. In de Vlaamse en Wallonische Ultratop 50 haalde ze met "Dirty talk" respectievelijk nummer 3 en nummer 13. Haar tweede hit scoorde ze met "Till Death" die op nummer 16 in Australië binnenkwam.
In 1944 verscheen een boek van hem bij Uitgeverij De Uil in Amsterdam met de titel Vrouwen Links.....Mannen Rechts, oorlogsherinneringen met tekeningen van Fokkens uit de strafgevangenis aan de Amstelveenseweg te Amsterdam. Hij kwam daar terecht na arrestatie op zijn woonadres Herengracht 232 waar hij gedurende de bezetting en enige jaren daarna woonde. Na 1946 betrok Annie M.G. Schmidt woonruimte bij Phocas Fokkens, en zij schreef: Nooit zal ik meer in zo'n leuk oud huis wonen als toen op de Herengracht. De woning was van een schilder die de etage aan mij had verhuurd voor een jaar met alles erin: kopjes en schoteltjes, een tafel, een bed met dekens en drie vlooien, massa's schilderijen van hemzelf en een schildersezel. Etc. Bron: boek, Anna door Annejet van der Zijl pag. 140.
Reguliere expressies worden bijvoorbeeld in teksteditors gebruikt om stukken tekst te doorzoeken, te manipuleren, in andere programma's worden ze gebruikt om te controleren, dat bepaalde patronen voorkomen. Veel programmeertalen ondersteunen reguliere expressies voor tekstmanipulatie. Sommige, zoals Perl en JavaScript, hebben ze zelfs in hun syntaxis ingebouwd. Reguliere expressies zijn vooral populair geworden door de hulpprogramma’s van het besturingssysteem Unix, zoals sed en grep.
Hypogastrura fuentei is een springstaartensoort uit de familie van de Hypogastruridae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1930 door Denis.
Gabon Championnat National D1 is de hoogste voetbaldivisie van Gabon. De competitie werd opgericht in 1968. Er spelen 14 clubs in de hoogste divisie.
Richezza was de dochter van hertog van Groot-Polen Przemysł II, vanaf 1295 eveneens koning van Polen, en diens eerste echtgenote Richeza, dochter van koning Waldemar I van Zweden. Ze verloor haar ouders al zeer vroeg: haar moeder stierf toen ze zes jaar oud was en haar vader werd in 1296 door ontevreden Poolse adel vermoord.
DirectDraw voor hardware-accelerated toegang tot de 2D-framebuffer. Sinds DirectX 9 heeft deze component plaats moeten ruimen voor Direct3D, dat meer algemene grafische werking met hoge performantie voorziet (aangezien 2D-rendering onderdeel is van 3D-rendering)
De plannen voor de bouw stammen van Hermann Behaghel. Het werd de eerste kerk die de architect in Heidelberg liet bouwen. Na de Johanneskerk volgden de Christuskerk in de westelijke binnenstad, de Kruiskerk in Wieblingenen en de Vredeskerk in Handschuhsheim.
Het 23ste wereldkampioenschap handbal voor vrouwen vindt plaats in Duitsland van 1 december 2017 tot en met 17 december 2017. Duitsland was het enige land dat zich kandidaat had gesteld om dit kampioenschap te organiseren.
De Zesdaagse van Burnaby is een wielerwedstrijd die in 2006 voor het eerst verreden werd in de Canadese stad Burnaby. Ook in 2007 en 2008 werd deze wedstrijd gehouden.
In 1329 stierf Hendrik van Leipa. De laatste jaren van haar leven hield Richezza zich bezig met het beheer van haar enorme vermogen, schonk ze verschillende steden in het zuiden van Bohemen privileges en zamelde ze goederen in voor het klooster van Brünn. Na haar dood ging het grootste deel van haar vermogen naar dit klooster.
Paralopostega dives is een vlinder uit de familie van de oogklepmotten (Opostegidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1907 door Walsingham als Opostega dives.
Nadat in 1950 de bovenas afbrak en het wiekenkruis door de val vernield werd, was de toekomst voor de Akkermolen lange tijd onzeker. In 1959 kocht de gemeente Zundert de molen om deze in 1961 te restaureren.
De weg loopt de weg loopt langs de noordkant van de Harz en passeert de steden Wernigerode, Blankenburg waar in Aansluiting Blankenburg-Ost de B27 aansluit, Quedlinburg, Aschersleben waar in Aansluiting Aschersleben-West de B180n aansluit, Güsten en Ilberstedt. De B6 kruist in Aansluiting Bernburg de A14. Ten oosten van de A14 loopt de B6 samen met de B185 langs Bernburg, Nienburg, Kleinpaschleben en Großpaschleben naar Köthen waar hij voorlopig eindigt op de afrit Köthen-Zenrum. Vanaf hier zal de weg uiteindelijk in zuidoostelijke richting doorlopen naar de Aansluiting Wolfen met de A9 en verder langs Bitterfeld-Wolfen naar Bad Düben.
In Moulins zijn een aantal onderwijsinstellingen gevestigd, zoals het Sciences Po Lille of Institut d'études politiques de Lille, en de faculteit rechten van de Université Lille II.
Nikto is een open source softwarepakket dat kwetsbaarheden in webservers en webapplicaties detecteert. Het kan duizenden kwetsbaarheden detecteren en is beschikbaar voor diverse besturingssystemen, zoals Windows, Linux en Mac OS/X. Het pakket is geschreven door Chris Sullo.
Regelmatig merkt Nikto onterecht problemen op, bijvoorbeeld als een bestand zoals vulnerablecode.php normaal gesproken een beveiligingslek heeft, terwijl de inhoud ervan totaal anders is dan die van het problematische script dat bij Nikto bekend is, kan Nikto hier onterecht een waarschuwing voor geven. Verder zal Nikto behalve waarschuwingen ook informatieve boodschappen op het scherm tonen.
Ingres (uitgesproken als /iŋ-'grεs/) is een commercieel ondersteunde opensource-relationeledatabase ontwikkeld om grote commerciële applicaties te ondersteunen. Ingres is volledig open source en kan rekenen op een wereldwijd groeiende groep medewerkers die deze software onderhouden, uitbreiden en gebruikersvriendelijker maken, maar Ingres Corporation controleert deze ontwikkeling en zorgt voor officiële releases en professionele ondersteuning van deze releases.
De Johanneskerk (Duits: Johanneskirche) is een protestants kerkgebouw in Neuenheim, een Stadtteil van de Baden-Württembergse stad Heidelberg. Het neogotische kerkgebouw werd in de jaren 1899 tot 1902 gebouwd.
Elisabeth Richezza van Polen (Posen, 1 september 1286 - Brünn, 19 oktober 1335) was een Poolse prinses uit het huis Piasten. Via haar twee huwelijken was ze van 1303 tot 1305 koningin-gemalin van Bohemen en Polen en van 1306 tot 1307 koningin-gemalin van Bohemen en hertogin-gemalin van Oostenrijk en Stiermarken.
In 1997 vormde Vallourec een joint venture met de Duitse Mannesmannröhren-Werke. Vallourec & Mannesmann Tubes (V&M Tubes) werd de wereldleider in naadloze stalen buizen. In 2005 nam Vallourec de Duitse aandelen in V&M Tubes over zodat het 100% eigenaar werd. Andere grote overnamen waren die van de Braziliaanse activiteiten van Mannesmann (hernoemd in V&M do Brasil) en het Amerikaanse North Star Steel (hernoemd in V& M Star).
Anthogorgia glomerata is een zachte koraalsoort uit de familie Acanthogorgiidae. De koraalsoort komt uit het geslacht Anthogorgia. Anthogorgia glomerata werd in 1909 voor het eerst wetenschappelijk beschreven door Thomson & Simpson.
Power Rangers is een combinatie van Japans en Amerikaans beeldmateriaal. Voor de Rangers in hun dagelijkse leven worden Amerikaanse acteurs gebruikt, maar voor de gevechtscènes (vooral met de Zords) wordt beeldmateriaal uit de Japanse Super Sentai serie van het jaar daarvoor gebruikt. Af en toe worden er wel nieuwe gevechtscènes toegevoegd gefilmd in Amerika. Vaak betreft dit alleen gevechtscènes voor de Rangers, maar soms worden er zelfs nieuwe Zord gevechten gefilmd.
Turbonilla cabrilloi is een slakkensoort uit de familie van de Pyramidellidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1917 door Bartsch.
De Keyser ging in het begin van de jaren negentig van de 16e eeuw met Bloemaert mee naar Amsterdam. Tijdens een verblijf in Londen werd hij beïnvloed door Inigo Jones, die zijn classicistische inspiratie op zijn reis naar Rome had opgedaan. Deze was daar met name geïnspireerd door de nalatenschap van Marcus Vitruvius Pollio, een architect uit de Romeinse oudheid, en diens Tien Boeken over de Bouwkunst, dat tot op heden van invloed is op de bouwkunst.
Gammaropsella pilosa is een vlokreeftensoort uit de familie van de Kamakidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1995 door Myers.
Hij heeft onder andere terugkerende gastrollen gehad in de serie 24, waarin hij de rol van misdadiger Eli speelt. Ook was hij te zien in My Name Is Earl als Earl's ex-oplichter Donny Jones en in Prison Break, waarin hij de rol van de psychisch gestoorde gevangene Charles "Haywire" Patoshik (letterlijk: "in de war") vertolkt.
In de regionale verkiezingen van 2010 behaalde M5S opmerkelijke resultaten in vijf regio's met kandidaten voor het voorzitterschap: Giovanni Favia kreeg 7,0% van de stemmen in Emilia-Romagna (6,0% voor de lijst, 2 regionale raadsleden verkozen), Davide Bono 4,1% in Piëmont (3,7%, 2 raadsleden), David Borrelli 3,2% in Veneto (2,6%, geen raadsleden), Vito Crimi 3,0% in Lombardije (2,3%, geen raadsleden) en Roberto Fico 1,3% in Campania (1,3%, geen raadsleden).
In 1261 maakte Jacob van Maerlant een vrijzinnige vertaling van Le livre de Merlin van Robert de Boron. In deze vertaling is sprake van een balspel mit ener koluen, dat wil zeggen met een 'colf' ofwel 'colfstok'. En hiermee wordt duidelijk dat Jacob van Maerlant bekend was met dit stok-met-bal-spel. Hij woonde en werkte in of nabij Damme (België). Colf behoort daarmee aantoonbaar tot de oudste balspellen in het Nederlandse taalgebied.
Gedurende zijn missie als actieve stoorzender heeft het toestel de mogelijkheid om gegevens door te zenden aan andere lucht, zee en landstrijdkrachten.
In dit seizoen waren Regi Penxten en Axelle Red geen coaches meer. Koen Wauters en Bent Van Looy bleven wel als coaches. Natalia was na een seizoen van afwezigheid weer terug in de show. De vierde coach was Bart Peeters, die dit seizoen voor het eerst coach was. De eerste aflevering werd uitgezonden op vrijdag 19 februari 2016. Sam De Bruyn volgde Sean Dhondt op als backstagepresentator tijdens de liveshows. Deze editie werd gewonnen door Lola uit team Koen.
Een jaar later probeerde Saban het opnieuw. Dit keer met succes. De eerste Power Rangers serie was Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, gebaseerd op de Japanse show Kyouryuu Sentai Zyuranger.
Het openbaar vervoer scoorde bij de eerste evaluatie van de bieding zeer slecht. Om de grote aantallen toeschouwers te kunnen vervoeren heeft Transport for London (TfL) een groot aantal projecten opgezet om de bezoekers, deelnemers en officials tijdens de Spelen op efficiënte wijze te kunnen vervoeren.
Zijn eerste filmrol was een klein rolletje in de film Jaws 2, als Doug Fetterman (een clown). Hij is echter vooral bekend als hoofdrolspeler in de film Christine. Andere films waarin hij heeft gespeeld zijn: Dressed to Kill, The Legend of Billie Jean. Verder heeft hij in de komedie Back to School uit 1986 gespeeld. Zijn laatste film waar hij als acteur in speelde is Delivering Milo uit 2001.
Kirrara amenia is een haft uit de familie Leptophlebiidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1954 door Harker. De soort komt voor in het Australaziatisch gebied.
Vanaf 1 januari 2014 doet deze afdeling ook het onafhankelijk toezicht op de naleving van begrotingsregels die zijn vastgelegd in het Stabiliteitsverdrag dat de 25 EU-lidstaten in 2012 hebben gesloten. Doel is het versterken van de begrotingsdiscipline en iedere lidstaat moet beschikken over een onafhankelijke instantie die toezicht houdt op de naleving van Europese begrotingsregels, zoals de ontwikkeling van het feitelijke EMU-saldo, de EMU-schuld en de middellange termijndoelstelling voor het structurele EMU-saldo, inclusief de uitgavenregel.
Halverwege 2010 kocht Saban de rechten op Power Rangers weer terug van Disney met het plan de serie alsnog een nieuw seizoen te geven. Deze werd in 2011 uitgezonden op Nickelodeon. Tevens werd aangekondigd dat Saban een nieuwe Power Rangers-film wil uitbrengen. De titel van dit seizoen luidt Power Rangers Samurai.
Agrypnus meridionalis is een keversoort uit de familie kniptorren (Elateridae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1934 door Fleutiaux.
Aan de Universiteit Twente was een vrij uitgebreide uitreikingsceremonie. Deze is gelijktijdig met de invoering van het Twents onderwijsmodel afgeschaft. Er kan ook nog verschil bestaan tussen de faculteiten binnen een universiteit. Zo hanteert men bij verschillende opleidingen aan de faculteit Geesteswetenschappen van de Universiteit Utrecht geen propedeuse. Ook bij university colleges is een propedeuse zeer ongebruikelijk.
Le Clapier is een gemeente in het Franse departement Aveyron (regio Occitanie) en telt 76 inwoners (2009). De plaats maakt deel uit van het arrondissement Millau.
In het Pacific Coliseum werd intussen de gouden plak voor het paarrijden (kunstrijden) gewonnen door het Chinese duo Zhao Hongbo en Shen Xue, met een totale score van 216,57 kreeg het Chinese paar het wereldrecord in handen. De snowboardcross bij de mannen werd gewonnen door de Amerikaan Seth Wescott. Zuid-Korea behaalde voor het eerst in de geschiedenis een gouden medaille bij het langebaanschaatsen; de 500 meter heren werd door Mo Tae-Bum gewonnen. De schaatswedstrijd werd door defecte ijsdweilmachines vertraagd met ruim drie kwartier. Van de twee dweilmachines was er maar één operationeel. De organisatie werd nog eens voor schut gezet, toen bleek dat een derde machine, die het euvel zou moeten verhelpen, verkeerd ingesteld was. Na dreigementen om de schaatscompetitie te staken, werd besloten om een machine uit Calgary over te laten vliegen. De problemen werden waarschijnlijk veroorzaakt door mankementen in de elektrische systemen. De organisatie werd bekritseerd, omdat het niet de gebruikelijke ijsdweilmachines gebruikte (van het merk Zamboni), maar de milieu-vriendelijkere elektrische machine van het merk Olympia, die geleverd werden door een hoofdsponsor.
Diamphipnoa virescentipennis is een steenvlieg uit de familie Diamphipnoidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1851 door Blanchard.
Er is veel verschil van mening over het aantal soorten. Walter Erhardt (1993) bijvoorbeeld onderscheidt 66 soorten en in The International Daffoldil Register and Classified List van 2008 worden 85 soorten onderscheiden. De bekendste zijn: de trompetnarcis, de grootkronige narcis en de kortkronige narcis. In Nederland en België komt alleen de wilde narcis (Narcissus pseudonarcissus subsp. pseudonarcissus) van nature voor. Zie ook:
Ischnochitonika japonica is een eenoogkreeftjessoort uit de familie van de Chitonophilidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1991 door Nagasawa, Bresciani & Lutzen.
De geschiedenis van de stad Schiedam gaat terug tot de 13e eeuw. Nabij de monding van de Schie werd rond waarschijnlijk 1230 door de heer van Wassenaar en/of heer Dirk Bokel van ambacht Mathenesse een dam aangelegd om het polderland te beschermen tegen het zeewater. In 1247 kreeg Aleid van Holland bij haar huwelijk met Jan van Avesnes het oostelijke deel van de dam (en het poldertje) als bruidsgeschenk. In 1275 werden stadsrechten verleend door vrouwe Aleid van Holland (Aleida van Avesnes), de zuster van graaf Willem II van Holland.
Als golfer behaalde le Grange in de jaren 1960 grote golfsuccessen in Groot-Brittannië en Australië. Daarnaast won hij ook enkele kleine golftoernooien in Zuid-Afrika zoals het General Motors Open en het Western Province Open. Na zijn actieve carrière als golfspeler werd le Grange golfcommentator en golfbaanarchitect.
Volgend op de Live Consternation tour met Katatonia, Insomnium and Swallow the Sun, keerde de band huiswaarts om te werken aan het derde album. Voor het album getiteld Holographic Universe, had de band reeds 13 tracks geschreven, en richtte zich erop er 16 te hebben bij het binnengaan van de studio op 1 december 2007. Met de Europese releasedatum van 20 juni is de gemaakte belofte ingelost. Op de MySpace-pagina van Scar Symmetry biedt de band het hele album aan als preview luisterbeurt.
La Fin du jour is een Franse dramafilm uit 1939 onder regie van Julien Duvivier. Destijds werd de film uitgebracht onder de titel Levensavond.
Ferlinghetti, Lawrence. Christ climbed down. [Met een illustratie door Paul Snijders]. [Amsterdam], Binderij Phoenix/Phoenix editions, 1985. Vouwblad in omslag (met extra flap) van botanisch papier. [Gedrukt door Ger Rustenburg in een beperkte oplage].
Het project wine is een poging om een Win32-API-compatibiliteitslaag voor Unix-platformen te voorzien. ReactOS gaat een stap verder en een implementatie van het hele Windows-besturingssysteem te voorzien en werkt nauw samen met het wineproject om compatibiliteit van code en code hergebruik te promoten. DosWin32 en HX DOS-Extender zijn andere projecten om de Windows API te emuleren, om eenvoudige Windowsprogramma's te draaien vanuit de DOS-command-line. Odin is een project dat probeert Win32 te emuleren bovenop OS/2.
De tropische regenwouden van Frans-Polynesië bevatten veel zeldzame plant- en diersoorten. De eilanden zijn vooral bekend vanwege de geurige coulissen. De Tiaré tahiti, die uitsluitend bloeit op de Genootschapseilanden, is een zeer sterk geurende bloem en het nationale symbool van Frans-Polynesië en Tahiti. Hij staat momenteel onder bescherming. De atollen om de eilanden zijn bedekt met talrijke koralen, waaromheen clownvissen en vlindervissen zwemmen. Ook de Reuzenmanta bevindt zich hier. Door de kernproeven van Frankrijk tussen 1966 en 1968 is wel een deel van het waterleven op de eilanden onherstelbaar getroffen.
Het bedrijf werd opgericht in 1923 door de heren G. van Emst, J. Moolhuizen, A.E. Rikkers, D. Zwikker en G. Zwikker. Men begon met drie T-Ford-bussen te rijden op het traject Nunspeet – Amersfoort. In 1925 werd het bedrijf een naamloze vennootschap (NV).
Ze was de dochter van provoost/priester Erik Andreas Colban (25 december 1760 – 26 oktober 1828) , die zich in 1787 in Bø i Vesterålen vestigde. Ze groeide echter op in Kabelvåg. In 1817 trouwde ze met magistraat en wethouder Johannes Henriksen Aas geboren in 1770, die op 5 februari 1822 overleed. Zij kregen een dochter Maren Magdalena (1820-1900). Na het overlijden van haar man vertrok ze naar Trondheim en richtte aldaar het eerste Noorse opvangcentrum voor kinderen op. In 1838 was ze ook betrokken bij de kinderopvang aan het Grønland 28 te Oslo, dat pas in 1982 sloot. Het horecabedrijf dat er toen inkwam verwees nog naar de opvang: "Asylet". Bij de stichting van dat opvangtehuis was ook Herman Wergeland betrokken, die voor Kristines verjaardag in 1839 Asylbørnenes moder (moeder aller asielkinderen) schreef.
Robert Coleman Atkins (Columbus (Ohio), 17 oktober 1930 - New York, 17 april 2003) was een Amerikaanse cardioloog, voorvechter van de alternatieve geneeswijzen en een van de beroemdste en succesvolste voedingsexperts van de afgelopen veertig jaar. Hij is vooral bekend geworden door het naar hem genoemde Atkins-dieet.
Op 29 juli werd Tameka Williams door het Olympisch Comité van Saint Kitts en Nevis naar huis gestuurd, omdat ze verwikkeld is in een dopingzaak.
Themistoklis ("Demis") Nikolaidis (Grieks: Θεμιστοκλής "Ντέμης" Νικολαΐδης) (Gießen, 17 september 1973) is een Grieks voetballer. Zijn echte voornaam is Themistoklis, maar hij is beter bekend als Demis.
Clytiomya dupuisi is een vliegensoort uit de familie van de sluipvliegen (Tachinidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1971 door Kugler.
Het doel van het spel is, naast het smeden van allianties met bondgenoten, om oorlog te voeren met andere spelers. Op de ranglijsten van de afzonderlijke virtuele spelwerelden staan de spelers ter vergelijking onder elkaar.
De Genootschapseilanden (Frans: Îles de la Société; officieel: Archipel de la Société) zijn één van de vijf eilandengroepen van Frans-Polynesië in de zuidelijke Grote Oceaan. Een groot deel van de Frans-Polynesische bevolking leeft op deze eilanden.
Alex Callier, Natalia en Jasper Steverlinck keerden niet terug als coach in het derde seizoen. Koen Wauters was de enige coach die overbleef van de vorige edities. De nieuwe coaches waren Bent Van Looy, Regi Penxten en Axelle Red. Deze editie werd gewonnen door Tom De Man uit team Bent.
In Studio Sportzomer, een programma van de NOS waarin Mart Smeets ingaat op dagelijkse en traditionele gebeurtenissen van de Tour de France, van 8 juli 2010 gaat Phillip Freriks in zijn programmaonderdeel Au Tour de Fifi in op de connectie tussen Montargis en het China van Mao Zedong. De plannen voor de communistische volkspartij zijn in dit stadje geboren.
In 1858 werd Moulins-Lille, net als Esquermes, Wazemmes en Fives aangehecht bij Rijsel. Moulins werd opgenomen in de nieuwe versterkte stadsrand en was voortaan een wijk van de stad. In 1881 werd de Place de Condé omgedoopt tot Place Vanhoenacker. Dit plein zou de volgende decennia en bij het begin van de 20ste eeuw uitgroeien tot het nieuwe zenuwcentrum van de wijk, zeker na de oprichting van de coöperatie l'Union de Lille, die er gevestigd was. In 1897 verdween de laatste molen in Moulins.
De achttiende eeuw was Schiedams Gouden Eeuw: de stilgevallen drankimport uit Frankrijk maakte de opkomst van de Schiedamse jeneverstokerij mogelijk. Vanuit tientallen branderijen en distilleerderijen werd Schiedamse jenever over de hele wereld geëxporteerd. De jeneverindustrie gaf Schiedam de bijnaam 'Zwart Nazareth'. De bedrijfstak is inmiddels grotendeels verdwenen, maar zes molens bepalen nog het stadsbeeld: Molen De Walvisch, Molen De Drie Koornbloemen, Molen De Vrijheid, Molen De Noord, Molen De Nieuwe Palmboom en de in 2011 opnieuw gebouwde Molen De Kameel, de hoogste molens ter wereld. Ook herinnert een groot aantal voormalige branderijen aan de branderstijd. In één van deze branderijen, gevestigd aan de historische Lange Haven is sinds 1996 het Jenevermuseum gevestigd.
Het boek The Bestseller Code van Jodie Archer en Matthew Jockers verscheen in 2016 en gaat over het schrijven van bestsellers. Tevens is er over ditzelfde onderwerp een Voor Dummies-boek geschreven, Een bestseller schrijven van Bart van Lierde.
Roept de regering van het Verenigd Koninkrijk op om te voorkomen dat olie Beira bereikt, desnoods met geweld, en machtigt het Verenigd Koninkrijk het schip de Joanna V tegen te houden.
Apiocera longitudinalis is een vliegensoort uit de familie Apioceridae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1953 door Paramonov.
Intussen was Richezza een relatie begonnen met een aanvoerder van de Boheemse adel, Hendrik van Leipa. Dit was een doorn in het oog van koningin Elisabeth van Bohemen, die Hendrik in 1315 in de gevangenis liet gooien. Hierdoor kwam de Boheemse adel nogmaals in opstand en uiteindelijk werd Hendrik in 1318 onder druk van de adel opnieuw vrijgelaten. Richezza en Hendrik van Leipa vestigden zich vervolgens in Brünn, de hoofdstad van het markgraafschap Moravië. Hier richtte ze een hof in dat leek op een koninklijk hof. In 1323 stichtten Elisabeth en Hendrik van Leipa in de stad het cisterciënzerinnenklooster Maria Saal.
The Voice van Vlaanderen is een talentenjacht waarbij vier coaches meerdere kandidaten begeleiden. Het programma is onderverdeeld in drie fases. In de eerste fase, "the blind auditions" genoemd, treden artiesten op waarbij de vier coaches met de rug naar de kandidaten gekeerd zitten, waardoor alleen de stem bepaalt of een coach zich al dan niet omdraait en zo kiest voor een kandidaat. Wanneer een coach zich omdraait, zal deze de kandidaat verder begeleiden tijdens het verloop van het programma. Wanneer meerdere coaches zich omgedraaid hebben, kiest de kandidaat zelf zijn coach uit een van de coaches die zich omdraaiden tijdens het optreden. Tijdens de tweede fase worden de "battles" afgewerkt. Twee kandidaten uit eenzelfde team zingen in duet, de beste gaat door naar de volgende ronde. Hier kunnen uit de afvallers nog enkele teamleden worden gestolen met 2 "steals" per coach. In 2017 is dit verandert naar onbeperkte steals. De derde fase zijn de liveshows. Hierin moeten de kandidaten een lied naar keuze zingen en daarna kiest de coach de 4 besten en die gaan tegen elkaar strijden in de finale.
Hemilepistus klugii is een pissebed uit de familie Trachelipodidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1833 door Brandt.
Groen: een wat minder gebruikte kleur. Net als bij zwart geldt dat de groene Ranger altijd een man is, en dat deze kleur zowel voor een Ranger uit het hoofdteam als voor een extra Ranger kan worden gebruikt.
In Kiev is de bekende voetbalploeg Dynamo Kiev gevestigd. De clubs is meervoudig kampioen van zowel de Sovjet-Unie als Oekraïne. In het verleden waren Andrij Sjevtsjenko, Oleh Blochin en Ihor Bilanov de grote sterren.
Gockinga werd op 3 november 1683 in de Brugstraat te Groningen geboren als zoon van Scato Gockinga en van Anna Cluivinge. Hij werd een dag later gedoopt in de Martinikerk aldaar. Zijn vader was drost van de Oldambten, lid van de Staten Generaal en van de Raad van State en raadsheer van Groningen. Zijn moeder was een dochter van de burgemeester van Groningen, Hendrik Cluivinge (ook Cluvinge).
Zijn streven naar een machtspositie was één van de redenen van een nieuwe en nu veel grotere migratie van Oirat-groepen. In 1630 besloot de vrijwel gehele stam van de Torgut te migreren naar het gebied van de Wolgadelta en werd daarbij gevolgd door een aanzienlijk deel van de Dörbet. Er was duidelijk onvrede onder sommige Oirat-clans over de ambitie van Khara Khula de gehele politieke en militaire controle van de stamfederatie te verkrijgen. Het gevolg was dat voor de clans die het leiderschap van Khara Khula trouw bleven, er sprake was van economische winst. De migratie gaf die clans aanzienlijk meer weidegrond ter beschikking.
Myosoma rubrum is een insect dat behoort tot de orde vliesvleugeligen (Hymenoptera) en de familie van de schildwespen (Braconidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd door Brulle in 1846.
De B6 begint in het zuiden van de stad Bremerhaven op een kruising met de B71 . De weg loopt vanaf hier in zuidelijke richting de stad uit en sluit bij afrit Bremerhaven-Süd aan op de A27.
Aan de Spelen deden alle 204 Nationale Olympische Comités (NOC's) mee. Alhoewel het niet correct is, wordt een NOC vaak met een land gelijkgesteld. In 2012 waren er 204. Het aantal deelnemende "landen" is hetzelfde gebleven in vergelijking met de voorgaande editie maar daarnaast zijn er ook sporters die buiten een NOC om aan de Spelen mogen meedoen. Deze worden door het IOC aangeduid als Onafhankelijk olympisch deelnemer en komen uit onder de olympische vlag. Die laatste groep sporters is het gevolg van het besluit om na het opheffen van de Nederlandse Antillen in 2010 het NOC van de Nederlandse Antillen niet meer te erkennen terwijl de nieuwe landen Curaçao en Sint-Maarten als afhankelijke landen niet meer met een eigen NOC IOC-lid kunnen worden. Ook atleten uit Zuid-Soedan deden niet mee onder hun eigen vlag omdat het IOC nog geen Nationaal Olympisch Comité heeft erkend en de sport-infrastructuur nog in opbouw is.
De Windows API, oftewel application programming interface, is een set API's die het besturingssysteem Windows tot zijn beschikking heeft. Vroeger noemde men deze de Win32 API. De naam Windows API is echter een betere beschrijving gezien de ondersteuning voor huidige 64 bit-Windowsversies. Bijna alle Windowsprogramma's integreren met de Windows API.
In 2004 was Banks een prominent lid van een groep links-georiënteerde Britse politici en mediapersoonlijkheden die campagne voerde om premier Tony Blair af te zetten na de invasie van Irak in 2003.
In de collectie van de Stichting Veteraan Autobussen bevindt zich de voormalige VAD-bus 7319, een Leyland-Van Hool semi-touringcar, gebouwd in 1962.
Beldings maskerzanger (Geothlypis beldingi) is een zangvogel uit de familie Parulidae (Amerikaanse zangers). Het is een bedreigde, endemische vogelsoort in Baja California in noordwestelijk Mexico. De naam is een eerbetoon aan de Amerikaanse vogelkundige Lyman Belding (1829 - 1917).
Narcissen worden ingedeeld in verschillende categorieën. De Royal Horticultural Society in Londen registreert alle soorten en omschrijft deze of het nu wilde soorten zijn of cultivars. De volgende 12 categorieën worden gehandhaafd:
De afdaling bij de mannen (alpineskiën) werd gewonnen door de Zwitser Didier Défago met een tijd van 1:54.31, nummers twee en drie werden de Noor Aksel Lund Svindal en de Amerikaan Bode Miller. De overwinning op de tien kilometer langlaufen (vrije stijl) bij de dames werd door de Zweedse Charlotte Kalla in de wacht gesleept. De 15 kilometer bij de heren werd gewonnen door de Zwitser Dario Cologna; het was de eerste gouden medaille voor de Zwitsers die werd gewonnen met het langlaufen.
Volgens het United States Census Bureau beslaat de plaats een oppervlakte van 0,5 km², geheel bestaande uit land. Talking Rock ligt op ongeveer 326 m boven zeeniveau.
De filmopnamen gingen op 26 mei 2015 van start in Clovis (New Mexico) en er werd ook gefilmd in Portales en Tucumcari. De film ontving positieve kritieken van de filmcritici met een score van 100% op Rotten Tomatoes
Hyphydrus schoedli is een keversoort uit de familie waterroofkevers (Dytiscidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1993 door Wewalka & Biström.
Het Costa Ricaans voetbalelftal behaalde in juni 2015 met de 14e plaats de hoogste positie op de FIFA-wereldranglijst, in juli 1996 werd met de 93e plaats de laagste positie bereikt.
Paradialychone johnstonae is een borstelworm uit de familie Sabellidae. Het lichaam van de worm bestaat uit een kop, een cilindrisch, gesegmenteerd lichaam en een staartstukje. De kop bestaat uit een prostomium (gedeelte voor de mondopening) en een peristomium (gedeelte rond de mond) en draagt gepaarde aanhangsels (palpen, antennen en cirri).
Het "Olympic Park" werd na afloop van de Spelen, in 2013, vernoemd naar koningin Elizabeth. Het park draagt sindsdien de naam Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park .
Corruptie kan worden voorkomen door een controlesysteem (checks and balances), waarin iedere machthebber gecontroleerd wordt door een andere machthebber of door een collectief. Uiteraard dienen deze controleurs de bevoegdheid te hebben de machthebber te corrigeren en zo nodig te ontslaan of zelfs te bestraffen. Ook kan corruptie worden voorkomen door een te sterke samenballing van macht in een persoon of orgaan te voorkomen, hetgeen in de meeste democratische staten zijn uiting vindt in het principe der scheiding der machten. Aangezien veel machthebbers reputatiegevoelig zijn, kan berichtgeving en naming and shaming ook een corrigerend effect hebben.
La Celle-en-Morvan - Céron - Cersot - Chagny - Chaintré - Chalmoux - Chalon-sur-Saône - Chambilly - Chamilly - Champagnat - Champagny-sous-Uxelles - Champforgeuil - Champlecy - Chânes - Change - Changy - Chapaize - La Chapelle-au-Mans - La Chapelle-de-Bragny - La Chapelle-de-Guinchay - La Chapelle-du-Mont-de-France - La Chapelle-Naude - La Chapelle-Saint-Sauveur - La Chapelle-sous-Brancion - La Chapelle-sous-Dun - La Chapelle-sous-Uchon - La Chapelle-Thècle - Charbonnat - Charbonnières - Chardonnay - Charette-Varennes - La Charmée - Charmoy - Charnay-lès-Chalon - Charnay-lès-Mâcon - Charolles - Charrecey - Chasselas - Chassey-le-Camp - Chassigny-sous-Dun - Chassy - Château - Châteauneuf - Châtel-Moron - Châtenay - Châtenoy-en-Bresse - Châtenoy-le-Royal - Chaudenay - Chauffailles - La Chaux - Cheilly-lès-Maranges - Chenay-le-Châtel - Chenôves - Chérizet - Chevagny-les-Chevrières - Chevagny-sur-Guye - Chiddes - Chissey-en-Morvan - Chissey-lès-Mâcon - Ciel - Ciry-le-Noble - La Clayette - Clermain - Clessé - Clessy - Cluny - Clux-Villeneuve - Collonge-en-Charollais - Collonge-la-Madeleine - Colombier-en-Brionnais - La Comelle - Condal - Cordesse - Cormatin - Cortambert - Cortevaix - Coublanc - Couches - Crêches-sur-Saône - Créot - Cressy-sur-Somme - Le Creusot - Crissey - Cronat - Cruzille - Cuiseaux - Cuisery - Culles-les-Roches - Curbigny - Curdin - Curgy - Curtil-sous-Buffières - Curtil-sous-Burnand - Cussy-en-Morvan - Cuzy
Grumesnil is een gemeente in het Franse departement Seine-Maritime (regio Normandië) en telt 403 inwoners (1999). De plaats maakt deel uit van het arrondissement Dieppe.
1913, 1914, 1915, 1916, 1917, 1918, 1919, 1924, 1925, 1926, 1930, 1933, 1936, 1940, 1949, 1950, 1952, 1953,1954, 1960, 1964, 1968, 1973, 1974, 1975, 1977, 1978, 1979, 1986, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1999, 2003, 2004, 2007, 2008, 2014
Atkins Diabetes Revolution (Postuum verschenen in 2004, als co-auteur staan vermeld Mary C. Vernon, M.D., C.M.C. en Jacqueline A. Eberstein, R.N.)
Neuronema yunicum is een insect uit de familie bruine gaasvliegen (Hemerobiidae), die tot de orde netvleugeligen (Neuroptera) behoort. De soort komt voor in China.
Acronicta adaucta is een vlinder uit de familie van de uilen (Noctuidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1910 door Warren.
Tijdens zijn jeugd woonde hij in Alexandroupoli, in het noordoosten van Griekenland. Tijdens een kwalitatieve loopbaan bij achtereenvolgens Ethnikos Alexandroupolis, Apollon Smyrnis, AEK Athene en Atlético Madrid, vergaarde hij de reputatie van een "geboren doeltreffer", door veel voor club en land te scoren. Zijn kracht, snelheid en behendigheid met de bal werden alom geprezen, maar het was vooral zijn werkethiek en enthousiasme dat hem deze verheven status onder Griekse voetballers bezorgde.
NGC 6112 is een elliptisch sterrenstelsel in het sterrenbeeld Noorderkroon. Het hemelobject werd op 7 juli 1880 ontdekt door de Franse astronoom Édouard Jean-Marie Stephan.
Roubaix-Ouest (Nederlands: Robaais-West) is een voormalig kanton van het Franse Noorderdepartement. Het kanton maakte deel uit van het arrondissement Rijsel. In 2015 is dit kanton opgegaan in de nieuw gevormde kantons: kanton Croix en het kanton Robaais-2.
Anno 1996 keken gemiddeld 200.000 mensen naar de Nederlandse uitzendingen van de eerste seizoenen Mighty Morphin' Power Rangers op RTL 5. De serie was deel van uitzendblokken met titels als 'Powertime' en 'Summertime', vergelijkbaar met het huidige Zappelin van Nederland 3 en RTL Telekids. Ook was de serie te zien op RTL 4 (Telekids) en RTL Veronica. 24/02/96, Volkskrant.
De G2 Growler is uitgerust met een APG-79 multi-mode radar voorzien van passieve detectie mode en actieve radar onderdrukking en een ALQ-218(V)2 digitale radar waarschuwingsontvanger met een hieraan gekoppelde ALE-47 countermeasure dispenser. De door Raytheon Space and Airborne Systems geleverde hypermoderne tactische APG-79 Active Electronically Scanned Array (AESA) radar bezit zowel lucht-lucht als lucht-grond capaciteit en onderkent detectie, doelaanwijzing, doelberekening en zelfbescherming modes.
Gyostega gibeauxi is een vlinder uit de familie van de spanners (Geometridae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1988 door Herbulot.
Armadillidium bosniensis is een pissebed uit de familie Armadillidiidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1939 door Strouhal.
Het wapen wordt op een massief houten blok geplaatst en vuurt projectielen van ijzer of steen af die worden voortgestuwd door de kracht van het ontploffend buskruit. Het laden van een bombarde neemt heel wat tijd in beslag en is niet zonder gevaar voor zijn bedieners.
Roze: Na rood, geel en blauw de meest gebruikte kleur. Een roze ranger is altijd een vrouw, en altijd lid van het hoofdteam. De roze Ranger heeft vaak geen specifieke rol in een team, met uitzondering van Jen Scotts uit Power Rangers: Time Force (zij was de teamleider in die serie).
Op de laatste dag bleek de Noor Petter Northug het snelst op de 50 kilometer klassieke stijl voor mannen. De finale van het ijshockeytoernooi voor mannen werd gespeeld tussen het team uit de Verenigde Staten en de Canadese ijshockeyploeg, na verlenging waren de Canadezen het snelst met een stand van 3-2. In de namiddag werd gestart met de sluitingsceremonie, waarin onder andere de olympische vlag aan de burgemeester van de Russische stad Sotsji werd overgedragen. Daarnaast traden ook vele Canadese artiesten op.
Ingres 10 is op de markt gekomen op 12 oktober 2010. Deze release is bedoeld als stand-alone product, niet als upgrade voor oudere versies. Er is vooral gesleuteld aan het transparant migreren vanuit andere databasetoepassingen. Deze versie is ondersteund door het bedrijf zelf.
Snijders, Paul, 'Pijlen van naamloze liefde. John Henry Mackay (1864-1933)', in: Pijlen van naamloze liefde. Pioniers van de homo-emancipatie. Amsterdam, SUA, 1988.
Grepolis (kort: Grepo) is het derde spel dat InnoGames heeft ontwikkeld. De eerste wereld ging officieel op 8 augustus 2010 na een openbare BETA-fase van start. In dit strategiespel nemen spelers de rol aan van heerser over een kleine polis in de klassieke Oudheid. Verschillende goden helpen de spelers eerst om de heerschappij over hun eigen eiland te krijgen om later in het spel andere eilanden te veroveren. Er zijn wereldwijd ongeveer drie miljoen spelers op diverse werelden in meerdere taalversies. Het spel kent overeenkomsten met het spel Tribal Wars dat ook door InnoGames werd ontwikkeld.
De B6 begint weer op afrit Bremen/Brinkum en loopt in zuidelijke richting via de rondweg van Stuhr waar de B51 aansluit,. De weg loopt nu in zuidoostelijke richting door Weyhe en Syke, via de rondweg van Nienburg waar een samenloop is met zowel de B214 als de [[Bundess. Kruist. De B6 loopt verder langs Husum, Linsburg, Neustadt am Rübenberge waar bij afrit Neustadt am Rübenberge-Himmelreich B442 aansluit en de weg ook de rivier de Leine kruist. De weg passeert de stad Garbsen, alvorens ze in de stad Hannover komt waar ze bij Aansluiting Hannover-Herrenhausen de A2 en direct te zuiden van het knooppunt het Mittellandkanal kruist. In Hannover kent de B6 op een kruising de aansluiting van de B65. Samen lopen de B6/B65 in zuidelijke richting naar een rotonde waar ook de B3 aansluit. Vanaf hier lopen de B3/B6/B65 in oostelijke richting door de stad tot aan Aansluiting Seelhorst een onvolledig klaverbladknooppunt, hier slaat de B6 in zuidelijke richting af. De weg loopt langs het beursterrein. Bij afrit Hannover-Messegelände buigt de B6 naar het zuidwesten af en komt door Laatzen hier kruist ze bij Aansluiting Laatzen een klaverbladknooppunt de B443 en loopt verder in zuidelijke richting. De weg loopt door Sarstedt, Hildesheim waar zij de B1 kruist, langs Gleidingen, waarna ze twee maal de A7 kruist zonder aansluiting en zuidelijker kruist ze de A7 voor de derde en laatste maal bij afrit Dernburg/Salzgitter. Dan loopt de weg met een rondweg langs Grasdorf en kruist bij afrit Baddeckenstedt de A39 De weg loopt verder in oostelijke richting door Baddeckenstedt en langs het westen van Salzgitter, hier heeft ze i tussen Aansluiting Salzgitter-Bad en Aansluiting Hohenrode een samenloop met de B248. De B6 loopt via Jerstedt naar Goslar. In Goslar heeft de B6 tussen afrit Goslar-Hildesheimer Straße en afrit Goslar-Immenröder Straße een samenloop met de B82. Dan loopt weg in oostelijke richting naar Aansluiting Bad Harzburg. Hier sluit de B4 aan. Vanaf hier loopt de weg iets naar het noordoosten, passeert Vienenburg en sluit in Aansluiting Vienenburg aan op de A395 aan. Enkele kilometers ten oosten van het knooppunt volgt de deelstaatgrens met Saksen-Anhalt.
Snijders, Paul. A is een analphabeet. (Met illustraties door de auteur). Deventer, PS [= Paul Snijders], 1983. Geniet. (24) p. [Gedrukt in offset, in facsimile van het handschrift in een oplage van ongeveer 75 exemplaren.]
Knut Johannesen heeft twee periodes aan de top van de Adelskalender gestaan: eerst van 27 februari 1960 tot 24 februari 1963 (1093 dagen) en een tweede keer van 19 januari 1964 tot 26 januari 1964 (7 dagen). In totaal heeft Knut Johannesen 1100 dagen aan de top van de Adelskalender gestaan.
Onder het soort kwetsbaarheden dat Nikto kan detecteren zijn zowel veel voorkomende aanvallen zoals SQL-injectie, cross-site scripting, als typen aanvallen die minder vaak voorkomen. Veel bestanden waarvan bekend is, dat zij gevaarlijk kunnen zijn, zoals scripts waar fouten in zitten die door een hacker misbruikt kunnen worden, kunnen door Nikto worden gevonden.
Snijders, Paul. Je bent gedroomd. Enschede, [Paul Snijders], 1980. Ingenaaid. (8) p. [Met de hand gezet en gedrukt door Paul Snijders in een oplage van slechts 18 exemplaren.]
Gymnamoebia is een onderklasse in de taxonomische indeling van de Amoebozoa. Deze micro-organismen hebben geen vaste vorm en hebben schijnvoetjes. Met deze schijnvoetjes kunnen ze voortbewegen en zich voeden.
Capelleveen, Paul van. Antidateringen. Deventer/Den Haag, [Paul Snijders, 1985. Ingenaaid in omslag. (4) p. Met de hand gezet en gedrukt door Paul Snijders in een oplage van slechts 16 exemplaren.]
De min of meer onomstreden machtspositie van Khara Khula dateert vanaf 1630. Rond 1630 versloeg Khara Khula de Altyn Khan nog enkele malen. Daarna zouden de Altyn Khan nooit meer een bedreiging voor Oirats vormen. Daarbij verdreef Khara Khula de Altyn Khan ook uit het door hen bezette Bekken van Dzoengarije in Oost-Turkestan, een gebied dat onder Mongoolse dominantie van de Dzjoengaren zou blijven tot aan hun vernietiging in 1756.
Toen de mens nog in stamverband leefde was er meestal alleen een leider nodig in crisistijden, zoals conflicten met andere stammen of bij natuurrampen die de stam troffen. Dan was het nodig dat iemand snel beslissingen nam die dan door de anderen uitgevoerd werden. Meestal had de leider dan ook een soort adviesraad samengesteld uit de oudere en ervaren mensen. Toen de samenleving groter en ingewikkelder werd ontstonden de eerste staten. Allengs namen de welvarendste en invloedrijkste mensen en families steeds meer de touwtjes in handen en lieten zich steeds minder beïnvloeden door de 'armere' leden van de samenleving. Dit leidde tot de situatie, waarbij binnen de invloedrijkste families de macht door overerving werd doorgegeven: de aristocratie met aan het hoofd de belangrijkste familie. Eenmaal aan de macht kwamen uit deze families de koningen voort, waardoor de monarchie ontstond. Meestal vonden de koningen het niet goed dat hun macht werd betwist door andere personen of groepen. Vaak volgden op kritiek op de koning zware straffen en niet zelden de doodstraf. Tijdens de Verlichting kwam hierin in het Westen langzaam verandering en werd de macht in sommige landen volgens de trias politica van Montesquieu verdeeld in een wetgevende, een rechtsprekende en een uitvoerende macht. Tegenwoordig is dit in de westerse wereld de norm. In veel andere gebieden van de wereld is echter nog altijd de dictatuur de norm zoals de absolute monarchie, een militaire dictatuur of onder het mom van soms een 'president voor het leven'.
Bij de WK-eindronde van 2014 in Brazilië groeide Costa Rica uit tot een van de verrassingen van het toernooi. De ploeg onder leiding van de Colombiaanse bondscoach Jorge Luis Pinto eindigde als eerste in de groep met de oud-wereldkampioenen Uruguay, Italië en Engeland en schakelde vervolgens Griekenland uit. "We hebben onderweg van alles meegemaakt. De beroemde 'sneeuwwedstrijd' in de kwalificatie in Denver tegen de Verenigde Staten, de landen die we hebben verslagen op het WK; het is bijzonder om daaraan terug te denken", zei Pinto, bijgenaamd Explosivo, in de aanloop naar de kwartfinalewedstrijd tegen Nederland.
Mâcon - Mailly - Malay - Maltat - Mancey - Marcigny - Marcilly-la-Gueurce - Marcilly-lès-Buxy - Marigny - Marizy - Marly-sous-Issy - Marly-sur-Arroux - Marmagne - Marnay - Martailly-lès-Brancion - Martigny-le-Comte - Mary - Massilly - Massy - Matour - Mazille - Melay - Mellecey - Ménetreuil - Mercurey - Mervans - Messey-sur-Grosne - Mesvres - Milly-Lamartine - Le Miroir - Mont - Montagny-lès-Buxy - Montagny-près-Louhans - Montagny-sur-Grosne - Montbellet - Montceau-les-Mines - Montceaux-l'Étoile - Montceaux-Ragny - Montcenis - Montchanin - Montcony - Montcoy - Monthelon - Montjay - Mont-lès-Seurre - Montmelard - Montmort - Montpont-en-Bresse - Montret - Mont-Saint-Vincent - Morey - Morlet - Mornay - Moroges - La Motte-Saint-Jean - Mouthier-en-Bresse - Mussy-sous-Dun
Het logo van de Olympische Winterspelen werd op 23 april 2005 onthuld en kreeg de naam Ilanaaq de Inunnguaq. Ilanaaq betekent "vriend" in het Inuktitut. Het logo is gebaseerd op de Inuksuk, die voor de Expo 86 werd gebouwd en tegenwoordig bij de English Bay Beach staat.
Grimshaw exposeerde aanvankelijk voornamelijk in Leeds, maar vanaf medio jaren zestig kreeg hij ook uitnodigingen uit Londen en exposeerde hij onder andere bij de Royal Academy of Arts. Zijn grootste roem verwierf hij vanaf 1870, als hij ook regelmatig in Londen gaat werken, vooral met zijn stads- en havengezichten, vaak nachtscènes, met steeds duidelijk herkenbare seizoensinvloeden. Ook schilderde hij portretten, interieurs, werken met klassiek Griekse en Romeinse thema’s en literaire onderwerpen, bijvoorbeeld bij werk van Longfellow en Tennyson (Elaine, the Lady of Shalott). Zijn werk heeft een duidelijke Prerafaëlitische inslag, welke hij echter omwerkte naar een geheel eigen stijl.
Aan het eind van de 16e eeuw waren de Oirats nog steeds een relatief zwakke federatie vergeleken met andere Mongoolse stamfederaties. Ze waren verdeeld in facties en clans, gebaseerd op de vier stammen van de Oirats, Dörbet, Torgut, Khoshut en de Choros. De laatste was de leidende clan, die een generatie later de Dzjoengaren zou worden. De clans voerden voortdurend een onderlinge strijd en waren vooral daarom een gemakkelijke prooi voor hun grootste Mongoolse tegenstander: de Altyn Khan. Het was vooral de druk van de laatste die groepen Oirats al vanaf 1600 in westelijke richting deed migreren naar het relatief onbevolkte gebied tussen de rivieren de Irtysj en de Ili. Die migratie viel samen met het steeds verder oprukken van de Russen in Centraal-Azië.
Schiedam ligt voor een groot gedeelte binnen de Ring Rotterdam. Hierdoor is de stad goed te bereiken via de afrit aan de A4 Schiedam-West en de afritten aan de A20 Schiedam-Noord en Schiedam.
Dalmatoreicheia janaki is een keversoort uit de familie van de loopkevers (Carabidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 2005 door Magrini & Bulirsch.
Vanaf het achtste seizoen, Power Rangers: Lightspeed Rescue, stapte Saban met Power Rangers over op hetzelfde concept als Super Sentai; met in elk seizoen een vrijwel geheel opzichzelfstaand verhaal en een nieuw team.
De vice-president heeft de dagelijkse leiding van de Raad van State. Inclusief vice-president, voorzitter van de Afdeling bestuursrechtspraak, leden van de Raad van State, staatsraden van het koninkrijk, staatsraden en staatsraden in buitengewone dienst, bestaat de raad (oktober 2014) uit 73 personen. Leden en staatsraden worden voor het leven benoemd door de Kroon (de koning en ministers).
Het Boliviaans voetbalelftal speelde in totaal vijftien officiële interlands in het jaar 2000, waaronder tien wedstrijden in de kwalificatiereeks voor het WK voetbal 2002 in Japan en Zuid-Korea. La Verde ("De Groenen") stond onder leiding van oud-international Carlos Aragonés, de opvolger van Héctor Veira. Op de FIFA-wereldranglijst zakte Bolivia in 2000 van de 61ste (januari 2000) naar de 65ste plaats (december 2000).
Lampides aetherialis is een vlinder uit de familie van de Lycaenidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1884 door Butler.
Hypsoblennius striatus is een straalvinnige vissensoort uit de familie van naakte slijmvissen (Blenniidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1876 door Franz Steindachner. Hij gaf de soort de naam Blennius striatus. Zijn beschrijving was gebaseerd op exemplaren afkomstig uit Panama.
De DSA begon niet als zweefvliegclub. Het eerste vliegtuig van de DSA was de Lambach HL I, gebouwd door Jan Willem Hugo Lambach. Tijdens het eerste lustrum van de DSA werd dit vliegtuig voor het eerst gevlogen door Dick Asjes. Tijdens datzelfde lustrum kreeg het vliegtuig de naam Prinses Juliana en PH-DSA als registratie.
Sinds de invoering van de tweefasenstructuur (1982) duurt een propedeuse in principe een jaar. De functie van de propedeuse werd oriënterend, selecterend en verwijzend. Met het verzwakken van het onderscheid tussen universitair onderwijs en hoger beroepsonderwijs is de term gangbaar geworden voor het eerste jaar in het gehele hoger onderwijs.
Op 13 december 2017 werd Rip onwel tijdens een competitiewedstrijd van PSV tegen FC Groningen, eindstand 3-3, in het Euroborg Stadion. Rip was als analist, samen met keeperstrainer Ruud Hesp, aanwezig op de tribune, toen hij na het eerste doelpunt van de thuisploeg getroffen werd door een hartstilstand. Hij werd in het stadion gereanimeerd en daarna met spoed overgebracht naar het Universitair Medisch Centrum Groningen, waar zijn toestand als stabiel, maar zorgelijk werd omschreven. Daar werd hij met spoed geopereerd en in een kunstmatig coma gehouden. Op 15 december maakte de club bekend dat Rip was ontwaakt en het naar omstandigheden goed maakte.
Vanaf de jaren 70 verdween de industrie verder uit Moulins. In 1983 verdween een symbool uit de geschiedenis van Moulins, toen de Eglise Saint-Vincent-de-Paul werd gesloopt. Een nieuwe kerk werd geïntegreerd in een van de oude spinnerijen van de groep Le Blan, als onderdeel van de industriële reconversie van Moulins.
Door de industriële revolutie werd het landelijk karakter van het gebied sterk gewijzigd. Verschillende fabrieken werden hier opgericht; hier vond men immers de ruimte die in het oude Rijsel ontbrak. De gronden bleken geschikt voor de inplanting van onder meer spinnerijen. De bevolking groeide, maar de afstand tot het centrum van de gemeente en de parochie bleef groot. Daarom besliste men in 1833 om de faubourg af te splitsen van de gemeente Wazemmes als een nieuwe zelfstandig gemeente. De nieuwe gemeente kreeg de naam Moulins, wat in 1849 Moulins-Lille werd. De gemeente bleef verder groeien als industriële arbeidersgemeente en groeide van 3100 inwoners in 1840 tot 8400 inwoners in 1858. Moulins kreeg ook een eigen parochiekerk, de Eglise Saint-Vincent-de-Paul, gebouwd tussen 1838 en 1841.
Snijders, Paul. Elegie bij Abe's Afscheid van de Aki. [Enschede], Paul Snijders, 1981. Vouwblad in omslag. [Met de hand gezet en gedrukt door Paul Snijders in een oplage van 10 exemplaren in 'boekvorm'. Acrostichon, uitgegeven ter gelegenheid van het afscheid van Abe Kuipers als docent typografie aan de kunstacademie AKI te Enschede.]
Erebegraafplaats Oslo is een ereveld voor de Nederlanders die omkwamen in Noorwegen, Zweden en Finland. Het ereveld bevindt zich op de begraafplaats Vestre Gravlund in Volvat in Oslo, Noorwegen, en telt 37 graven.
Op de vierde dag werd het onderdeel achtervolging bij de vrouwen van het biatlon gewonnen door de Duitse Magdalena Neuner, de achtervolging bij de heren werd gewonnen door de Zweed Björn Ferry. Het dames enkel bij het rodelen werd gewonnen door de Duitse Tatjana Hüfner. Op het onderdeel snowboardcross bij de vrouwen mocht de Zwitserse Mellie Francon de overwinning op haar naam schrijven. Evenals op de dag ervoor won een Zuid-Koreaan de 500 meter, maar ditmaal was het bij de dames; Lee Sang-Hwa won in 76,09. Eerder op de dag was de Zamboni-ijsdweilmachine vanuit Calgary aangekomen, er deden zich tijdens de wedstrijd geen noemenswaardige problemen meer voor.
Chiloconger philippinensis is een straalvinnige vissensoort uit de familie van zeepalingen (Congridae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 2003 door Smith & Karmovskaya.
Ballore - Bantanges - Barizey - Barnay - Baron - Baudemont - Baudrières - Baugy - Beaubery - Beaumont-sur-Grosne - Beaurepaire-en-Bresse - Beauvernois - Bellevesvre - Bergesserin - Berzé-le-Châtel - Berzé-la-Ville - Bey - Bissey-sous-Cruchaud - Bissy-la-Mâconnaise - Bissy-sous-Uxelles - Bissy-sur-Fley - Les Bizots - Blanot - Blanzy - Bois-Sainte-Marie - Bonnay - Les Bordes - Bosjean - Bouhans - La Boulaye - Bourbon-Lancy - Bourg-le-Comte - Bourgvilain - Bouzeron - Boyer - Bragny-sur-Saône - Brandon - Branges - Bray - Bresse-sur-Grosne - Le Breuil - Briant - Brienne - Brion - Broye - Bruailles - Buffières - Burgy - Burnand - Burzy - Bussières - Buxy
De machtspositie van Khara Khula onder de Oirats was echter nog steeds niet geheel onomstreden. In 1625 ontstaat er een strijd binnen de stam van de Khoshut, die binnen de federatie van de Oirats escaleerde tot een vorm van burgeroorlog. Khara Khula probeerde eerst te bemiddelen maar zag zich daarna genoodzaakt om met bondgenootschappelijke clans daar met militaire middelen een eind aan te maken.
Patrick De Witte overleed op 19 februari 2013 onverwacht aan hartfalen. Later die week zou een aflevering van Scheire en de schepping worden uitgezonden waarin hij als panellid optrad. In overleg met de familie De Witte werd beslist de aflevering gewoon uit te zenden. De aflevering werd een week later dan oorspronkelijk gepland, op 28 februari 2013 uitgezonden.
Het laatste wat de Russische regering wenste, was zelf betrokken te raken bij strijd tussen twee nomadische groeperingen. De tsaar heette nieuwe vazallen in Siberië welkom, maar niet tegen de prijs van volledige militaire ondersteuning tegen hun tegenstanders. Dit zou het belangrijkste patroon worden in de Mongools-Russische relaties. Mongolen vroegen steeds Russische steun tegen hun andere Mongoolse rivalen en later de Mantsjoes en het recht te handelen in Siberische grenssteden, terwijl de Russen het doel hadden om afzonderlijke stammen te onderwerpen aan het gezag van de tsaar om op die wijze verdere toegang tot China te verkrijgen. Beide partijen ontvingen dan ook in april 1620 het antwoord dat er geen sprake kon zijn van een offensieve militaire alliantie. Indien zij echter vazal van de tsaar wensten te worden, zou de tsaar hen ook verdedigen tegen aanvallen van de ander. De delegatie van Khara Khula kreeg een brief van Michaël I voor hem mee met de zin U, Khara Khula zal zich onderwerpen aan Rusland en daarna onze bescherming tegen uw vijanden ontvangen.
De Keyser heeft zeer veel navolgers gehad in de Nederlanden. Jacob van Campen, een andere beroemde Nederlandse bouwmeester, vond dat de bouwkunst van Hendrick de Keyser een teveel aan ornamentiek toont. In zijn latere werk neigt De Keyser naar maniërisme, de stijl tussen de renaissance en de barok in.
Pterolonche gracilis is een vlinder uit de familie van de Pterolonchidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1916 door Rebel.
Pygopleurus apicalis is een keversoort uit de familie Glaphyridae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1832 door Brulle.
Een variatie op de M1 carbine is de M2. Deze is identiek aan de M1 met het verschil dat deze zowel semiautomatisch als volautomatisch kan schieten. Hiertoe werd gebruikgemaakt van een 30-patroons magazijn. De vuursnelheid is 650-700 schoten per minuut. De M2 werd op 23 oktober 1944 in gebruik genomen door het Amerikaanse leger.
Bij de volkstelling in 2000 werd het aantal inwoners vastgesteld op 335. In 2006 is het aantal inwoners door het United States Census Bureau geschat op 321, een daling van 14 (-4,2%).
De databases kunnen bij het aanmaken zowel publiek als privaat zijn gespecificeerd. Publiek zal ervoor zorgen dat elke verbonden Ingres-gebruiker over de database kan beschikken tenzij specifiek geweigerd; private databases zijn alleen toegankelijk indien uitdrukkelijk toegestaan.
Macht in de politiek is de invloed die een persoon of organisatie heeft op andere personen of organisaties. Macht over anderen houdt in dat de machthebber hen kan opdragen of dwingen om zijn wensen uit te voeren. Er zijn verschillende gradaties van macht. In een dictatuur is alle macht in de handen van één of een kleine groep mensen; bij tirannie zal die persoon of die groep proberen alle macht in handen te houden, met middelen als geheime politie, terreur en andere geweldsinstrumenten. In een democratie wordt macht of invloed vergroot met overleg, lobbyen, overreding en via de stembus. Een specifieke uiting van macht is gezag. Gezag is gebaseerd op de erkenning of rechtmatigheid om macht uit te oefenen.
In 1619 bekroonde De Keyser de toren van de Rotterdamse Laurenskerk met een houten spits. Later werd deze spits weer verwijderd (een replica van hout staat in het Museum Rotterdam), maar naast de kerk staat nog altijd het Erasmus van Rotterdam uit 1622, dat ook door De Keyser werd ontworpen. Het is het oudste bewaard gebleven bronzen standbeeld in Nederland; het werd door Jan Cornelisz. Ouderogge gegoten. Hendrick de Keyser ontwierp ook het praalgraf voor Willem van Oranje in de Delftse Nieuwe Kerk, dat evenals de Westerkerk door zijn zoon Pieter werd voltooid.
Power Rangers is een Amerikaanse live-actiontelevisieserie, die sinds 28 augustus 1993 wordt uitgezonden. De serie werd van 1993 tot 2001 geproduceerd door Saban Entertainment, van 2002 tot 2009 door Disney, en sinds 2010 weer door Saban. Productie vond tijdens de Saban-jaren plaats in de Verenigde Staten, en tegenwoordig in Nieuw-Zeeland.
Vlak voor de officiële opening van de Olympische Winterspelen in het BC Place Stadium verongelukte de Georgische rodelaar Nodar Koemaritasjvili tijdens een training in Whistler Sliding Centre. De Georgiër vloog met meer dan 140 kilometer per uur uit de bocht en botste tegen een betonnen pilaar. Reanimatie mocht niet meer baten en Koemaritasjvili overleed kort erna. Koemaritasjvili was de vierde sporter die gedurende de geschiedenis van de Olympische Winterspelen om het leven kwam. Ondanks het ongeval besloot het Georgische team mee te lopen tijdens de openingsceremonie, de Georgiërs droegen wel rouwbanden. Ze werden door het publiek gesteund met staande ovatie. De ceremonie begon om zes uur 's avonds (lokale tijd) in het BC Place Stadium en het was de eerste maal dat een olympische openingsceremonie in een volledig overdekt stadion plaatsvond. Gouverneur-Generaal Michaëlle Jean opende de 21e editie van de Olympische Winterspelen en de Olympische eed werd door Hayley Wickenheiser en Michel Verrault afgelegd. De olympische vlam werd door de paralympiër Rick Hansen binnengereden en het vuur werd in het stadion ontstoken door Catriona LeMay-Doan, Steve Nash, Nancy Greene en Wayne Gretzky. Na afloop liep Gretzky weer naar buiten om een tweede vlam bij het Vancouver Convention Centre aan te steken. De organisatie droeg de ceremonie op aan de overleden atleet Nodar Koemaritasjvili. Tijdens de ceremonie werd een aantal keer stil gestaan bij zijn overlijden. Er werd een minuut stilte gehouden waarbij de Canadese en olympische vlag halfstok hingen, IOC-voorzitter Jacques Rogge betuigde namens de olympische familie zijn medeleven. De voorzitter van het organisatiecomité Vanoc, John Furlong, riep de atleten op om de olympische droom van de Georgiër op hun schouders mee te dragen en deel te nemen met zijn ziel in het hart.
Agonum apex is een keversoort uit de familie van de loopkevers (Carabidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1940 door Jedlicka.
Na gereedkomen van deze plannen zijn vrijwel alle panden elders in de stad afgestoten. Alleen de ruimten aan het Binnenhof zijn aangehouden. Tijdens de bouw werden de zittingen van de afdeling bestuursrechtspraak tijdelijk gehouden aan het Lange Voorhout 3.
Twee kinderen werden uit hun relatie geboren: Lucien Philippe Marie Antoine (1906-1984), door zijn vader verheven tot hertog van Tervuren, en Philippe Henri Marie François (1907-1914), die de titel graaf van Ravenstein kreeg. Deze laatste had een stomphand, een afwijking die veel voorkwam in het geslacht Saksen-Coburg en Leopold II zo sterkte in het geloof dat hij wel degelijk de vader was. Beide adellijke titels werden informeel verleend en nooit door de Belgische Staat erkend. Leopold was zeer gelukkig met zijn jongste kinderen, daar zijn troonopvolger op jonge leeftijd gestorven was.
In 1974 werd het traject tussen Malsfeld en Waldkappel gesloten en opgebroken. Het personenvervoer tussen Treysa en Malsfeld werd op 30 mei 1981 stilgelegd. Het personenvervoer op het traject tussen Küllstedt en Geismar werd op 31 december 1992 stilgelegd. Het traject tussen Leinefelde en Küllstedt werd op 28 mei 1994 stilgelegd. Op 2 augustus 1996 werd de rest van het traject stilgelegd.
Wanneer macht wegvalt ontstaat een machtsvacuüm. Macht kan wegvallen doordat een machthebber plotseling wegvalt omdat hij wordt afgezet, overlijdt of vlucht. Ook rampen kunnen een machtsvacuüm creëren, wanneer de overheid alle middelen moet aanwenden voor het bestrijden van de ramp. Een machtsvacuüm kan leiden tot onrust en plunderingen.
The Voice van Vlaanderen is de Vlaamse versie van het originele programma The voice of Holland, dat bedacht werd door John de Mol. Inmiddels wordt het programma in meerdere landen uitgezonden. In België bestaat er naast een Vlaamse versie ook een Franstalige versie, The Voice Belgique dat uitgezonden wordt op La Une, het eerste net van de Franstalige omroep RTBF.
Schiedam heeft een NS-station, Station Schiedam Centrum. Vanaf Schiedam Centrum kan met een directe verbinding onder meer gereisd worden naar Almere, Amsterdam, Dordrecht, Den Haag, Hoek van Holland, Lelystad, Rotterdam, Roosendaal en Vlissingen.
Club Deportivo Maldonado is een Uruguayaanse voetbalclub uit Maldonado. De club werd opgericht op 25 augustus 1928 onder de naam Club Atlético Batacazo. Na zes seizoenen op het hoogste niveau gespeeld te hebben degradeerde de club in 2004 vanuit de Primera División naar de Segunda División. Deportivo Maldonado speelt zijn thuiswedstrijden in het Estadio Domingo Burgueño, dat plaats biedt aan 22.000 toeschouwers en fungeerde als een van de vier speelstadions tijdens de strijd om de Copa América 1995.
Hieronder staan de persoonlijke records (PR's) waarmee Knut Johannesen aan de top van de Adelskalender kwam en de PR's die hij had staan toen hij van de eerste plek verdreven werd. Tevens zijn de gegevens weergegeven van de schaatsers die voor en na hem aan de top van de lijst stonden.
San Marino heeft zich nog nooit geplaatst voor de WK-eindronde. Vanaf 1992 nam het deel aan de kwalificatie. Op 9 september 1992 verloor het in Oslo met 0–10 van Noorwegen. Het eerste doelpunt kwam in de met 1–4 verloren uitwedstrijd tegen Turkije, Nicola Bacciocchi scoorde in de 53e minuut. Het eerste punt werd ook tegen Turkije gepakt. In eigen land werd het 0–0. Ook op het kwalificatietoernooi voor het WK 2002 werd een punt gepakt. Op 25 april 2001 speelde San Marino in Riga tegen Letland met 1–1 gelijk. Nicola Albani maakte de goal voor San Marino. In deze kwalificatiereeks wist San Marino 3 keer te scoren.
Malthinus caucasicus is een keversoort uit de familie weekschildkevers (Cantharidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1974 door Wittmer.
Haliclona odessana is een sponssoort in de taxonomische indeling van de gewone sponzen (Demospongiae). Het lichaam van de spons bestaat uit kiezelnaalden en sponginevezels, en is in staat om veel water op te nemen.
Arbeidersmacht was een Nederlandse maoïstische vakbond, opgericht vanuit de KEN(ml) als actiecomité voor de Rotterdamse havenstaking van 1970. Later werd de bond een mantelorganisatie ("massaorganisatie") van de SP, en wist ze enkele lokale successen te boeken in Noord-Brabant.
De Spelen werden georganiseerd door het Vancouver Organizing Committee (VANOC) en werden officieel geopend door de gouverneur-generaal Michaëlle Jean. De Olympische vlam werd door de Canadese ijshockeyer Wayne Gretzky aangestoken.
Van de zonen van Hendrick de Keyser werden Pieter de Keyser (1595-1676), Willem de Keyser (1603-na 1674) en Hendrick de Keyser II (de Jonge; 1613-1665) beeldhouwer. Thomas de Keyser (ca. 1596-1667) werd een bekend kunstschilder.
Hellinsia invidiosus is een vlinder uit de familie vedermotten (Pterophoridae). De wetenschappelijke naam van deze soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1911 door Meyrick.
Gezicht Holwerd is een van rijkswege beschermd dorpsgezicht in Holwerd in de Nederlandse provincie Friesland. De procedure voor aanwijzing werd gestart op 5 april 1988. Het gebied werd op 27 september 1991 definitief aangewezen. Het beschermd gezicht beslaat een oppervlakte van 20,4 hectare.
Fisksätra is een plaats in de gemeente Nacka in het landschap Södermanland en de provincie Stockholms län in Zweden. De plaats heeft 6864 inwoners (2005) en een oppervlakte van 102 hectare.
In getransformeerde vorm beschikt een Ranger over bovenmenselijke kracht, uithoudingsvermogen en snelheid. Soms heeft een Ranger ook buiten zijn getransformeerde vorm om een speciale gave. De kostuums van een Ranger zijn vrijwel onverwoestbaar en bieden bescherming tegen de meeste fysieke aanvallen.
Sinds het bestaan van Zombie Walks zijn er verschillende pogingen gewaagd om het grootste aantal zombies bijeen te brengen tijdens één Zombie Walk. De eerste poging was op 29 oktober 2006 in een winkelcentrum vlakbij Pittsburgh. Het Guinness Book of Records heeft bevestigd dat er 894 mensen meededen aan de Zombie Walk en hiermee was het eerste wereldrecord geplaatst.
Arends, Jan, In elkaar. [Enschede], Paul Snijders, [1980]. [Mini-vouwblaadje. Met de hand gezet en gedrukt door Paul Snijders in witte inkt op donkerbruin Japans papier in een oplage van 29 exemplaren].
Op de lokale verkiezingen van 2012 deed de M5S het goed in verschillende steden van het Noorden, met name in Genua (14,1%), Verona (9,5%), Parma (19,9%), Monza (10,2%), en Piacenza (10,0%). In de verkiezingen voor de burgemeester, won de partij in Parma (60,2%), Mira (52,5%), en Comacchio (69,2%).
Het interieur komt overeen met het destijds vastgestelde Wiesbadener Programm, dat de éénheid van kansel, altaar en orgel voorschrijft. Het altaar wordt geflankeerd door de preekstoel en het doopvont, waarboven zich het orgel bevindt.
Colf is een sport die van de Middeleeuwen tot en met de Gouden Eeuw zeer populair was in de Lage Landen. Het is een spel dat gespeeld wordt met een bal van hout of leer en een slaghout dat kolf (of colf) genoemd wordt. Colf is de voorloper en de langebaanvariant van het tegenwoordige kolfspel en kan gezien worden als oude variant van de huidige golfsport (Early golf).
Van 1919 tot 1921 was Joseph Dumont plaatsvervangend Kamerlid. Hij werd in 1921 provinciaal socialistisch senator voor Oost-Vlaanderen en oefende dit mandaat uit tot in 1929.
In 1941 werd de gemeente Kethel en Spaland geannexeerd, waardoor er ruimte was voor grootschalige woningbouw ten noorden van Schiedam. Hier liggen nu de wijken Tuindorp Kethel, Groenoord, Woudhoek en Spaland.
Voorziet de standaard dialoogkaders om bestanden op te slaan, kleur en lettertype te kiezen etc. De bibliotheek bevindt zich in het bestand commdlg.dll op een 16 bit-Windows, en comdlg32.dll op een 32 bit-Windows. De bibliotheek valt onder de User Interface-categorie van de API.
Een plusteken geeft aan dat het voorafgaande teken ten minste één keer moet voorkomen, bijvoorbeeld “goo+gle” herkent google, gooogle, goooogle, enz.
De Griekse hoogspringer en wereldkampioen indoor Dimítrios Chondrokoúkis is uitgesloten voor de Olympische Spelen, vanwege het gebruik van stanozolol.
[Liebentrau, H.G. (= Peter Heringa)]. Everglades. Hamba Ngehashi to a friend. (Met een monogram gesneden door Pam G. Rueter). [Amsterdam], Perseveranter, [1984. Vouwblad. Met de hand gezet en gedrukt door Paul Snijders in blauw en zwart in een oplage van 45 exemplaren.]
Overig: regelmatig komen in Power Ranger-series Rangers voor die buiten de zeven hoofdkleuren vallen. Zij worden soms ook wel “zesde Rangers” genoemd daar ze meestal een aanvulling vormen op het hoofdteam van vijf, maar deze term is incorrect daar een zesde teamlid ook een van bovengenoemde kleuren kan hebben. Enkele voorbeelden zijn goud, zilver en titanium.
Elasmopus erythraeus is een vlokreeftensoort uit de familie van de Maeridae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1880 door Kossmann.
Geeft applicaties toegang tot sommige geavanceerde functies die voorzien zijn door het besturingssysteem. Bijvoorbeeld statusbalken, menubalken en tabbladen. Deze bibliotheek bevindt zich in een DLL-bestand dat comctrl.dll heet in een 16 bit-Windowsversie, of comctl32.dll op een 32 bit-Windowsversie. De bibliotheek valt onder de User Interface-categorie van de API.
Willem van Tyrus. A History of Deeds Done Beyond the Sea. Uitgegeven en in het Engels vertaald E.A. Babcock and A.C. Krey. Columbia University Press, 1943.
Van augustus 2006 tot 1 april 2009 was Schollaardt presentator van Uruzgan FM, een verzoekprogramma speciaal voor militairen uitgezonden naar de Afghaanse provincie Uruzgan en hun thuisfront. In 2016 deed ze mee aan het spelprogramma Wie is de Mol? en haalde ze de finale. Schollaardt werd tweede, achter Tim Hofman. Vanaf september 2017 presenteert Schollaardt op NPO Radio 2 het programma Annemiekes A-Lijst..
Primaire preventie. Verlaging van cardiovasculaire mortaliteit en morbiditeit bij patiënten met matige of ernstige hypercholesterolemie en met een verhoogd risico op een eerste cardiovasculaire event, als toevoeging aan een dieet.
De webbrowser Internet Explorer kan ook beschouwd worden als onderdeel van de Windows API, aangezien deze verschillende API's biedt die vaak gebruikt worden door andere toepassingen. Internet Explorer zit mee in het besturingssysteem sinds de tweede editie van Windows 98 en biedt webgerelateerde services aan toepassingen sinds Windows 98. Specifieker wordt het gebruikt:
Ngadirojokidul is een plaats in het bestuurlijke gebied Wonogiri in de provincie Midden-Java, Indonesië. Het dorp telt 8886 inwoners (volkstelling 2010).
die beschreven wordt door een reguliere expressie (de verzameling strings die “herkend” worden door een patroon) wordt ook inductief gedefinieerd:
Het beleg van Edessa vond plaats van 28 november tot 24 december 1144. Het beleg had als uitkomst dat Edessa (het huidige Şanlıurfa), de hoofdstad van de kruisvaardersstaat Edessa in de handen viel van Zengi, de atabeg van Mosoel en Aleppo.
Eenmaal terug in Nederland ging ze als invaller aan de slag bij de TROS. In 2009 werd ze vrouwelijke stationvoice van 3FM. Tussen januari 2008 en maart 2010 presenteerde ze samen met Domien Verschuuren het programma Weekend DNA. Nadat Verschuuren het ochtendprogramma @Work ging presenteren ging Schollaardt alleen verder en werd het programma omgedoopt tot Annemieke Plays. In december 2009 werd ze samen met Gerard Ekdom en Giel Beelen opgesloten in het glazen huis van 3FM Serious Request 2009 in Groningen om geld in te zamelen voor een goed doel van het Rode Kruis. Ze was medepresentator van het televisieprogramma De Duitsers dat werd uitgezonden in januari en februari 2014 op Nederland 3.
Jordi Gómez García-Penche (Barcelona, 25 mei 1985) is een Spaans profvoetballer die bij voorkeur als middenvelder speelt. Hij tekende in mei 2014 een driejarig contract bij Sunderland AFC, dat hem transfervrij overnam van Wigan Athletic.
In 1144 kreeg Jocelin II het voor elkaar om een alliantie te sluiten met Kara Aslan, heerser van Diyarbakir, die op de groeiende macht van Zengi stuitte. Jocelin marcheerde vanuit Edessa vandaan met bijna het gehele staatsleger, om Kara Arslan te ondersteunen met zijn strijd tegen Aleppo. Zengi was rond dezelfde periode op zoek naar een mogelijkheid om profijt te trekken uit koning Fulco's dood in 1143, vervolgens haastte hij zich noordwaarts om Edessa te belegeren, en arriveerde daar op 28 november. De stad was gewaarschuwd voor de komst van de moslims en had zich voorbereid tegen een belegering, maar er was maar weinig wat ze konden doen, terwijl Jocelin met het leger ergens anders was.
Het onderdeel Super G voor mannen van het alpineskiën wordt gewonnen door de Noor Aksel Lund Svindal, die eerder al een zilveren plak verdiende op de afdaling voor mannen. De 15 km achtervolging voor vrouwen van het langlaufen wordt ook door een inwoner uit Noorwegen gewonnen, Marit Bjørgen blijft de concurrentie met 8,9 secondes voor. De gouden medaille voor het mannen enkel van skeleton komt in handen van de Canadees Jon Montgomery. De Britse Amy Williams is de winnares bij de vrouwelijke variant.
De foto van de albumhoes werd genomen in de buurt van de kantoren van Macola Records, op Santa Monica Boulevard (Hollywood) tussen de straten Vine en El Centro.
De aandrijflijn bestaat uit 2 F414-General Electric-400 turbofan motoren voorzien van naverbranders. In de airframe structuur werden hiervoor speciaal titanium brandschotten aangebracht. Deze motoren moeten resp. zonder en met naverbranders 62 kN en 98 kN vermogen afleveren.
In de eerdere seizoenen was vaak nog duidelijk te zien wanneer er werd overgeschakeld van Power Rangers naar Super Sentai om dat het beeld dan wat donkerder werd. Tegenwoordig is dit niet meer het geval.
Kleis (inl.), Ger. April's Fool. A glimpse of the first four years. Amsterdam. Amsterdam, Phoenix Editions, 1985. [De geschiedenis van de eerste vier jaar van Binderij Phoenix, met uitgebreide beschrijvingen (door Paul Snijders) van 23 bijzondere banden (waaronder vijf Sub Signo Libelli-uitgaven).]
In 1933 werd Gavin naar Oklahoma overgeplaatst en in 1936 naar de Filipijnen. Daarna keerde hij terug naar Washington, en werd naar Californië overgeplaatst. Tijdens een sportwedstrijd kreeg hij last van zijn rechteroog. De dokter stelde vast dat zijn netvlies een beetje losliet en schreef hem enkele weken rust voor, hetgeen hij negeerde.
Whitman, Walt. Canto XIX. O camerado close! (Met een originele aquatint in groen door Paul Snijders.). [Deventer], PS [= Paul Snijders], 1982. [Vouwblad. Met de hand gezet en gedrukt door Paul Snijders in een oplage van 36 genummerde exemplaren.]
Vanaf het midden van de jaren tachtig zijn er op basis van Ingres verschillende commerciële databases ontwikkeld, zoals Sybase, Microsoft SQL Server en PostgreSQL. Deze laatste twee zijn nu enkele van de meest populaire databases voor commerciële applicaties.
Atkins is bekend geworden door een dieet met gewone hoeveelheden vet maar beperkte hoeveelheden koolhydraten. Het lijkt te werken, maar de medische wetenschap is er niet zeker van wat het precies doet. Het lijkt erop dat de relatief grote hoeveelheid eiwitten de eetlust vermindert, want het is gebleken dat men door dit dieet aanzienlijk minder eet. Wat echter de gevolgen op lange termijn voor de gezondheid zijn, is nog onduidelijk.
Leberecht, Peter (= Peter Heringa). Lame bird. Eight exercises for the left hand. [Amsterdam], The IHF Battle Fund, 1985. [Losbladig. 16 p. Met de hand gezet en gedrukt door Paul Snijders in een oplage van 40 exemplaren.]
Een manier om te werken met Ingres is om clients te installeren op elke ervan gebruikmakende computer, die dan communiceert met de server, die geïnstalleerd staat op één van de servers van het bedrijf.
Tanner (Ben Foster) keert na dertien jaar gevangenisstraf terug naar het ouderlijk huis waar zijn broer Toby (Chris Pine) en neefjes wonen. Omdat ze wegens financiële problemen dreigen hun huis te verliezen, besluiten de twee broers om banken te overvallen. Door enkel kleine lokale banken te overvallen, hopen ze onder de radar van de politie te blijven. Officier Hamilton (Jeff Bridges), een Texas Ranger die bijna op pensioen gaat, bijt zich echter in de zaak vast en gaat op zoek naar de bankovervallers.
Annemieke Schollaardt (Amsterdam, 3 mei 1979) is een radio-dj voor AVROTROS. Ze presenteert het radioprogramma Annemiekes A-lijst op NPO Radio 2. Tevens heeft de NPO bepaalt dat met ingang van januari 2018 Schollaardt met Annemiekes A-lijst en Rob Stenders met zijn Stenders' Platenbonanza elkaars vervangers zijn.
In 2016 verscheen Killerbody, een dieetboek voor sporters waarin Lourens voedings- en trainingschema's behandelt. Killerbody 2 verscheen in januari 2017, met nog 100 recepten.
Daarnaast was hij ook als muzikant en tekstschrijver actief. Hij drumde bij de Vlaamse groep The Misters en later in de reggaegroep The Skyblasters. In 2008 schreef hij voor Zita Swoon en Raymond van het Groenewoud de "Wappersong". Deze protestsong over het project van de Lange Wapperbrug in Antwerpen heeft "Walk and Don't look back" van Peter Tosh en Mick Jagger als melodie. Burgemeester Patrick Janssens verwees naar deze titel toen de kritiek op de Oosterweelverbinding toenam.
In de jaren 80 betrok de RvS ook panden aan de Parkstraat en de Oranjestraat. Door nieuwbouw van architect Prof. ir. C. Wegener Sleeswijk uit de jaren 1978 tot 1983, werden de verschillende panden met elkaar verbonden. Deze nieuwbouw werd gebouwd achter de historische panden aan de Kneuterdijk, aan de Parkstraat. Tegelijk werd ook een restauratie van de historische panden uitgevoerd.
Lacrost - Laives - Laizé - Laizy - Lalheue - Lans - Lays-sur-le-Doubs - Lesme - Lessard-en-Bresse - Lessard-le-National - Leynes - Ligny-en-Brionnais - Loisy - Longepierre - Louhans - Lournand - La Loyère - Lucenay-l'Évêque - Lugny - Lugny-lès-Charolles - Lux
Er is sprake van een tijdketen, doordat er minstens twee momenten zijn: het moment waarop de actor macht uitoefent en het moment waarop de ander zijn gedrag verandert. Bij het meten van macht moet men onder meer nagaan of de overige omstandigheden in die tijdspanne gelijk zijn gebleven. Hoe groter de tijdspanne, hoe groter de kans op tussentijdse veranderingen. De gedragsverandering kan dan het gevolg zijn van de macht van de actor, maar ook van de veranderde omstandigheden;
De Ingres-database was eerst ontwikkeld als een onderzoeksproject in de Berkeley Universiteit van Californië, van het begin van de jaren zeventig tot het begin van de jaren tachtig. In deze periode was de code verkrijgbaar onder de BSD-licentie, zoals vele andere projecten van Berkeley.
DirectShow dat generische multimediapipelines maakt en draait. Het is vergelijkbaar met het Gstreamer-framework en is vaak gebruikt om in-gamevideos te renderen en mediaplayers te maken (Windows Media Player is erop gebaseerd). DirectShow is niet meer aangeraden voor gameontwikkeling
Bij de verkiezingen van 2001 werd Villanueva als partij-lijst afgevaardigde gekozen namens Citizens' Battle Against Corruption in het Filipijns Huis van Afgevaardigden. Zijn installatie als afgevaardigde vond echter pas elf maanden na de verkiezingen plaats door controverse rondom de Citizens' Battle Against Corruption, die werd gezien als religieuze sekte. Op het moment van zijn installatie was Villanueva de jongste afgevaardigde. Bij de verkiezingen van 2004 en die van 2007 werd hij herkozen waardoor zijn termijn als afgevaardigde in 2010 na drie opeenvolgende termijn ten einde kwam.
Aan het einde van de twintigste eeuw noemde het tijdschrift People Atkins een van de 25 "meest intrigerende mensen". TIME Magazine noemde hem een van de "mensen die hun steentje bijgedragen hebben" en roemde zijn pioniersgeest ten opzichte van voeding en gezondheid.
De bijnaam van La Sele (van: La Selección) luidt Los Ticos. Dit is afgeleid van het woord Hermaniticos, de geuzennaam die Costa Ricaanse strijders elkaar gaven in de oorlog tegen William Walker (1824-1860), de Amerikaanse aanvoerder van een boevenleger dat heel Midden-Amerika wilde onderwerpen.
Tapinoma luffae is een mierensoort uit de onderfamilie van de Dolichoderinae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1955 door Kurian.
Beldings maskerzanger heeft een beperkt verspreidingsgebied en daardoor is de kans op uitsterven aanwezig. De grootte van de populatie werd in 2012 door BirdLife International geschat op 1500 tot 4000 individuen en de populatie-aantallen nemen af door habitatverlies. Natuurlijk moerasgebied wordt omgezet in gebied voor agrarisch gebruik, infrastructuur en menselijke bewoning. Om deze redenen staat deze soort als bedreigd op de Rode Lijst van de IUCN.
De DSA heeft een moderne vloot van 8 kunststof zweefvliegtuigen. Hiervan zijn 5 vliegtuigen eenzitters (LS-6, Discus CS en 3x G102 Astir CS) en drie vliegtuigen tweezitters (DG-500, DG-505 en een Janus C). Daarnaast beschikt de DSA over een 6 trommel Munster Van Gelder lier. Als reserve beschikt de DSA over een 2-trommel lier van Tost en een eigenbouw 2 trommel DSA-lier.
in aanvalsconfiguratie wordt het toestel voorzien van 2 AGM-88 HARM raketten, 2 AGM-154 Joint Stand-Off Weapons (JSOW) en 2 AIM-120 AMRAAM raketten.
De partij is euro-sceptisch, populistisch, ecologisch en pleit voor directe democratie. Volgens Grillo rekent de partij ook af met klassieke Italiaanse politiek van links en rechts. Ook strijdt de partij tegen corruptie en schandalen in de Italiaanse politiek.
In tegenstelling tot bij de Super Sentai-series probeerde Saban van Power Rangers een doorlopende serie te maken. Gedurende de eerste zes seizoenen van de serie was elk nieuw seizoen een direct vervolg op het vorige, vaak met voor een groot deel dezelfde acteurs. Power Rangers: In Space (1998) was de laatste serie waarbij dit werd gedaan. Omdat de serie door de slechte kijkcijfers van het seizoen ervoor dreigde te moeten stoppen, werd de doorlopende verhaallijn in "In Space" tot een einde gebracht. Tevens werden in dit seizoen alle losse eindjes van de vorige seizoenen aan elkaar geknoopt.
Snijders, Paul, '"Ein echter Schwuler schmeisst nix weg". Notizen eines Sammlers', in: Emanzipation hinter der Weltstadt. Adolf Brand und die Gemeinschaft der Eigenen. Katalog zur Ausstellung vom 7. Oktober bis 17. November 2000 in Berlin-Friedrichshagen. Red. Marita Keilson-Lauritz en Rolf F. Lang. Berlin-Friedrichshagen, Müggel Verlag, 2000, p. 40-53.
De N439 is een gewestweg in België bij Gavere tussen de N35/N60 en de kruising met de Scheldestraat aan de oostzijde van de rivier de Schelde.
Tegenwoordig vliegt de DSA alleen nog maar zweefvliegtuigen. Tot aan 1997 gebeurde dit op Vliegveld Ypenburg, net ten noorden van Delft. Daarna is er een aantal jaar op Vliegbasis Woensdrecht gevlogen, om vervolgens in 2000 op Terlet te gaan vliegen.
Kiev ontstond aan de rivier de Dnjepr, op de handelsroute tussen Scandinavië en Constantinopel. Wanneer de stad gesticht is, is onduidelijk. Waarschijnlijk is het ontstaan door de komst van Vikingen. Rond het jaar 900 komen er Vikingen naar het gebied waar nu Kiev ligt. Zij heetten Varjagen of Roes. Het omliggende gebied benoemen zij tot Kiev-Roes. De stad zelf wordt Kiev genoemd.
De M1 Carbine.30 kaliber is een licht geweer met vijftien patronen kaliber 0,3" (7,62 × 33 mm) per magazijn; ook is er een langer magazijn gemaakt dat dertig patronen kan bevatten. Het voordeel van het geweer is dat het een compact en semiautomatisch wapen is. Het werd ontwikkeld door de Winchester Repeating Arms Company. Hoewel de M1 Carbine ook wel vaak de 'Baby Garand' wordt genoemd is hij echter niet van dezelfde ontwikkelaar. Het wapen werd ontwikkeld om de Colt 1911A1 te vervangen, maar dit is echter nooit gebeurd. De M1 Carbine was en is nog altijd een zeer populair wapen. Er werden meer M1 Carbines geproduceerd in de Tweede Wereldoorlog dan de populaire M1 Garand. Ook bestaat er een model met inklapbare kolf: de M1A1 Carbine; dit model werd ontwikkeld voor de luchtlandingstroepen, maar er werden door deze eenheden ook de standaard infanterieversies gebruikt. In de laatste jaren van de oorlog werden verbeteringen aangebracht. Er werd een bajonet (M4 Bayonet) ontwikkeld en van het eerst L-sight werd een verstelbaar vizier gemaakt. Er zijn tussen einde 1941 en midden 1945 zo'n 6 221 220 M1 Carbines geproduceerd door verschillende fabrikanten.
Nadat eind augustus 2011 de zittende wethouders ontslag hebben genomen naar aanleiding van de rapportage over burgemeester Verver, zijn er in september 2011 nieuwe wethouders aangesteld.
De Raad van State is vanaf het ontstaan gevestigd geweest in een vleugel van het Binnenhof. Van 1815 tot de Belgische afscheiding in 1830 wisselde de plaats van vergadering jaarlijks tussen Brussel en Den Haag. Daarnaast verkreeg de Raad van State overal door de stad panden. In 1975 kwamen de huidige historische panden aan de Kneuterdijk door verhuizing van het Ministerie van Financiën beschikbaar. Het betrof het Paleis Kneuterdijk, het huis van Cornelis van der Mijle (een schoonzoon van Oldenbarnevelt) en het huis van Johan van Oldenbarnevelt.
Blastobasis tabernatella is een vlinder uit de familie spaandermotten (Blastobasidae). De wetenschappelijke naam is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1966 door Legrand.
Eucosma pristinana is een vlinder uit de familie van de bladrollers (Tortricidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1877 door Zeller.
Adashino is een hoorspel van Makoto Ooka, de Japanse inzending voor de Prix Italia 1967. Het werd vertaald door Nico Brink en de VPRO zond het uit op vrijdag 27 december 1968, van 20:00 tot 20:45 uur. De regisseur was Jan Wegter.
Sindsdien wijzigde de bezetting regelmatig. Na het verlaten van de band door Harvey in januari 2009, is Cave de enige constante in de groep. The good son uit 1990 laat een nieuwe koers horen: het maniakale is er een stuk af, er staan meer 'liedjes' op en Nick ontpopt zich meer en meer als een crooner, zonder de bezieling uit het oog te verliezen.
In de 16e en 17e eeuw werd het gebied tussen de Oirats en de Khalka's - globaal de omgeving rondom de huidige stad Hovd - bewoond door aan de Khalka's verwante Mongolen - waarvan de stamleiders (en vaak ook de stam zelf) aangeduid worden met de naam Altyn Khan.
Microsema attenuata is een vlinder uit de familie van de spanners (Geometridae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1902 door Paul Dognin.
Groove approved was het vierde soloalbum van Paul Carrack. Carrack maakte gedurende de opnamen nog deel uit van de muziekgroep Mike and the Mechanics. Van het album werden vijf singles getrokken, toch bleven goede verkopen van dit album uit. Het haalde noch de Nederlandse Album top 50, noch de Britse variant daarvan. In de Amerikaanse Billboard Album Top 200 bleef het steken op plaats 120. Het album werd opgenomen van mei tot en met juli 1989 in New York City en Little Chalfont.
De bemanning wordt ondersteund door een op de helm gemonteerd zichtvolgsysteem dat is ontwikkeld door de firma’s Rockwell Collins en Elbit. Deze uitrusting geeft de bemanning de zeer belangrijke 'first look, first shot' mogelijkheid waarbij, ook tijdens vliegbewegingen die hoge g krachten vereisen, alle wapensystemen tegen de vijand ingezet kunnen worden. Alle wapens worden namelijk constant gericht naar waarheen de vlieger kijkt.
De Raad van State heeft mitsdien bezwaar tegen het voorstel van wet en geeft U in overweging dit niet aldus aan de Tweede Kamer der Staten-Generaal te zenden.
De Witte was een bekend lid van de sceptische vereniging SKEPP en voerde in die functie onder meer actie tegen de erkenning van homeopathie door "zelfmoord" te plegen met een extreme verdunning van slangengif en arseen (de 10:23-campagne). Hij was ook voorzitter van de prijzencommissie en na zijn dood werd de prijs "De Zesde Vijs" als eerbetoon vergezeld door de "pdw-trofee".
Francisco de Miranda is een gemeente in de Venezolaanse staat Táchira. De gemeente telt 4100 inwoners. De hoofdplaats is San José de Bolívar.
Petersen brak nu door in Hollywood. Voor Twentieth Century-Fox draaide hij de sciencefictionfilm Enemy Mine (1985). Deze film werd nog in de Bavaria-studios in München opgenomen, maar daarna vertrok Petersen naar Los Angeles. Hij behaalde in 1993 een succes met In the Line of Fire, met Clint Eastwood als een angstige beveiliger van de Amerikaanse president, en draaide vervolgens Outbreak (1995), met Dustin Hoffman. In 1997 haalde Petersen weer een kassucces, nu met Air Force One (met een hoofdrol voor Harrison Ford) ondanks wisselende recensies.
Larressore is een gemeente in het Franse departement Pyrénées-Atlantiques (regio Nouvelle-Aquitaine) en telt 1320 inwoners (1999). De plaats maakt deel uit van het arrondissement Bayonne.
Phocas Fokkens was vanaf 1912 lid en mede-oprichter van De Onafhankelijken te Amsterdam een vereniging van schilders en beeldhouwers, opgericht in juli 1912 in Amsterdam, die juryvrije exposities hield. Van deze groepering maakten onder meer deel uit Paul Citroen, Piet Mondriaan en Jan Sluijters. Hij was ook lid van de Vereeniging van Beeldende Kunstenaars 'De Anderen'.
Op dit moment staat de Zombie Walk van 25 oktober 2009 in Brisbane, Australië bekend als de grootste officiële Zombie Walk ooit gehouden, met een aantal van meer dan 5000 deelnemers. Hierna was er nog wel een Zombie Walk op 1 mei 2010 in Melbourne, Victoria met een deelnemersaantal van 6000 tot 8000 maar wegens het grote aantal kon dit niet officieel bevestigd worden.
Het gewone volk leeft in vrede en nog altijd worden er wilgentakken gedragen, alhoewel het eten van koud voedsel niet meer overal toegepast wordt.
