In 1978 Johnson was awarded an American Institute of Architects Gold Medal. In 1979 he became the first recipient of the Pritzker Architecture Prize the most prestigious international architectural award.
Bussy-Saint-Georges has built its identity on a green model environment with parks and gardens. They represent 155 hectares of integrated green spaces, 9 kilometres (6 miles) of soft connecting links, 10 squares and parks in the city centre, 8 pools and more than 8,200 trees today.
Minnesota's state parks are spread across the state in such a way that there is a state park within 50 miles (80 km) of every Minnesotan. The most recent park created is Lake Vermilion State Park, created in 2010. Currently the Parks range in size from Franz Jevne State Park with 118 acres (48 ha) to Saint Croix State Park with 34,037 acres (13,774 ha). Two parks include resources listed as National Natural Landmarks (Big Bog State Recreation Area and Itasca State Park) and six parks encompass National Historic Landmarks (Charles A. Lindbergh, Fort Snelling, Mille Lacs Kathio, St. Croix, Soudan Underground Mine, and Split Rock Lighthouse State Parks). 52 sites or districts across 34 Minnesota state parks are on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP), including 22 parks with developments constructed by New Deal-era job creation programs in the 1930s.
Nordahl Road is a station served by North County Transit District's SPRINTER light rail line. It straddles the city limits of San Marcos and Escondido, California, with its mailing address in Escondido. The station is located between Barham Drive and Auto Park Way/Nordahl Road, both of which intersect East Mission Road. It consists of a single platform and track.
A talk by Takis Fotopoulos about the Internationalization of the Capitalist Market Economy and the project of Inclusive Democracy. A talk given by Takis Fotopoulos at the University of Vermont in 1996, followed by a discussion in which Murray Bookchin, Dan Chodorkoff and others take part. Video in 3 parts. Retrieved 4 January 2014.
While running a campaign to elect his sister Sherry Martschink to Lieutenant Governor in 1990, Shealy, with the help of Robert Kohn, recruited unemployed black fisherman Benjamin Hunt, Jr. to run for Congress against Republican Arthur Ravenel, Jr. Shealy sought to increase the turnout of white voters by playing to the racial fears of the South Carolina electorate. He promised Hunt, who had a prior drug arrest, $900 to run for Congress and paid for his $2414 filing fee. Shealy paid for the fees with an unreported $5000 campaign contribution to his sister from Laidlaw Environmental Services.
Reynolds was born in Wiesbaden, Germany, where his father, a career military man, was stationed. He says he hails from nowhere, because the family moved so often. His family lived many places, including Germany, a farm in Indiana, an army base in Alaska, Kansas, and Missouri, where he lived longer than any other place until he was old enough to move away as an adult. Both parents were extremely devout Christians and he says he grew up with Christian music all around him. However, his older sister owned some albums from The Beatles, which he says, even as a very young child, he loved instantly, playing air guitar to their music.
Since the days of the Revolution, a one-room stone schoolhouse had stood on a grassy area known as the Common, located close to the present intersection of South Orange Avenue and Academy Street in Maplewood. In 1814, this building blocked the construction of a new toll highway from Newark to Morristown. The 73 "Proprietors and Associates" of the school met on August 3 of that year and resolved to erect a new school building near the site of the old one, naming seven Trustees to thereafter oversee the education of local children. The resolution reflected "the desire of the meeting that the said school should in the future have the name of Columbian School of South Orange."
Obreption and subreption (both from the Latin word repo/reptum (genitive), meaning to creep or crawl. The prefix, Ob- means "towards, against, or, in the way of"; Sub- means "under, or, close to") are terms used in ancient Roman law and in the canon law applied by the Catholic church to species of fraud by which an ecclesiastical rescript is obtained.
The boys' soccer team was coached by Gene Chyzowych, one of the most successful active scholastic soccer coaches in the nation. The 2007 boys' soccer team won the North II, Group IV state sectional championship with a 1−0 win over Westfield High School in the tournament final.
Aberllefenni is a village in the south of Gwynedd, Wales. It lies in the historic county of Merionethshire/Sir Feirionnydd, in the valley of the Afon Dulas.
Cornus canadensis (Canadian dwarf cornel, Canadian bunchberry, quatre-temps, crackerberry, creeping dogwood) is a species of flowering plant in the Cornaceae (dogwood) family, native to eastern Asia (Japan, Korea, northeastern China (Jilin Province) and the Russian Far East), the northern United States, Colorado, New Mexico, Canada and Greenland. Unlike its relatives, which are for the most part substantial trees and shrubs, C. canadensis is a creeping, rhizomatous perennial growing to about 20 cm (8 in) tall.
Reynolds has a son Josef, born in February 1982 with his wife, Linna. In 1995, he and girlfriend Diane Thomas had a daughter, Eura. They resided in New Mexico with her son Jostin Bileyu. In 2008, Thomas moved with their children to North Carolina. Tim followed, to be near his daughter Eura. He currently resides in North Carolina, after living for 17 years in Virginia and several years in New Mexico. On August 1st 2017 Reynolds married Kristin Nienkirchen in Turks and Caicos.
The other, more probable account, starts in 1604, when Schyrleus is born in Reutte, Austria. After joining the Augustine order in 1622, he is sent to the university at Ingolstadt, where he probably follows courses in astronomy and learns how to grind lenses. Following his graduation he does not return to his convent but enters the Capuchin order, which sends him to Linz in 1636 where he is to teach philosophy. Here, he comes in the service of Kurfürst Philipp Christoph von Sötern, the archbishop of Trier and Speyer, who is held captive by the emperor, Ferdinand III. The archbishop sends him on a mission to negotiate with Pope Urban VIII. The emperor however, seeing this diplomatic activity as a form of spying, bans Schyrleus from his lands in 1641.[2] From here on, both accounts of Schyrleus' life come together.
There was a reaction to these changes. Complaints arose over so-called "fads and frills"-inessentials said to be leading to the neglect of reading, writing, spelling and arithmetic. New York papers read by local commuters campaigned for a return to the efficiency of the "little old red schoolhouse." But the changes were here to stay.
"West Coast Reggae Group Stick Figure Debuts First-Ever Music Video for 'Fire on the Horizon' Track: Exclusive Premiere". Billboard. November 10, 2015.
After a few months Hearst provided information, not on oath (sworn testimony could have been used to convict her) of SLA activities to the authorities. A bomb exploded at Hearst Castle in February. After Hearst testified that Wolfe had raped her, Emily Harris gave a magazine interview from prison alleging Hearst retaining a trinket given to her by Wolfe was an indication that she had been in a romantic relationship with him. Hearst said she had kept the stone carving because it seemed to be a pre Columbian artifact of archeological significance. Harris's interpretation was used by the prosecutor James L. Browning Jr., and some jurors later said they regarded the carving, which Browning waved in front of them, as powerful evidence that Hearst was lying.
The film introduces a romance involving Wyatt Earp and a fictional character (based on Lottie Deno) which played no factor in the actual gunfight nor did anything to advance the film's plot.
With the national team, he played in the 1974 World Cup qualifiers in Australia, where Iraq finished second behind the hosts, the 1972 and 1976 Asian Cups in Thailand and Iran, and in the Olympic qualifiers in 1968 and 1972. Douglas was also an important part of the Iraqi army team that won the 1972 and 1977 CISM World Military Championship.
Former Deathwish professional Antwuan Dixon was imprisoned in mid-2013 and stated in a July 2014 Thrasher magazine interview—conducted by Reynolds and Ellington—that he was scheduled to be released on August 23, 2014. Dixon also explained that he may be released earlier:
Nangal Jiwan is a village in Nakodar in Jalandhar district of Punjab State, India. It is located 5.5 kilometres (3.4 mi) from Nakodar, 36.5 kilometres (22.7 mi) from Kapurthala, 21 kilometres (13 mi) from district headquarter Jalandhar and 159 kilometres (99 mi) from state capital Chandigarh. The village is administrated by a sarpanch who is an elected representative of village as per Panchayati raj (India).
Demotic ownership of productive resources is a kind of ownership which leads to the politicisation of the economy, the real synthesis of economy and polity. This is so because economic decision making is carried out by the entire community, through the demotic assemblies, where people make the fundamental macro-economic decisions which affect the whole community, as citizens, rather than as vocationally oriented groups (e.g. workers, as e.g. in Parecon). At the same time, workers, apart from participating in the demotic decisions about the overall planning targets, would also participate (in the above broad sense of vocationally oriented groups) in their respective workplace assemblies, in a process of modifying/implementing the Democratic Plan and in running their own workplace.
Several Romance languages use the Latin word acrifolium (turned into aquifolium in modern time), so Italian agrifoglio, Occitan grefuèlh, etc.
In October 2014, the American Civil Liberties Union filed a complaint against Columbia High School and the South Orange-Maplewood School District in relation to its academic leveling and disciplinary systems, stating that the overuse of discipline and "zero-tolerance" policy, and implicit racial bias within the level selection system violate Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973. Claims were made that the suspension rate for black students was five times higher than that for white students, in a classroom environment in which black students were significantly underrepresented in AP and honors classes.
Sohail played a big role in Pakistan's World-Cup triumph in 1992, famously telling Ian Botham that he might want to send his mother-in-law in to bat, referring to Botham's statement that he wouldn't send even his mother-in-law to Pakistan, after Botham was controversially given out for nought in the final. Sohail's most infamous moment on the cricket field, however, was in the 1996 World Cup Quarter Final against arch rival India in Bangalore. Sohail was captaining the side in pursuit of a relatively large target of 287 in 49 overs. With opening partner Saeed Anwar, he got Pakistan off to a flying start. With the score at 109 for one, and Saeed Anwar (48) back in the pavilion, Sohail smashed a delivery from Indian seamer Venkatesh Prasad through the covers for four. Both players exchanged words, and Sohail unnecessarily pointed his finger aggressively at Prasad. The next delivery clean-bowled him and triggered a batting collapse which ultimately lost the game and eliminated Pakistan from the competition.
Takis Fotopoulos talk on the Multidimensional Crisis and Inclusive Democracy, Oxford University, November 2008. Video in 3 parts. Part 1 (talk), part 2 (talk/discussion), part 3 (discussion). Retrieved 4 January 2014.
By June 2000, Google had indexed one billion Internet URLs, or Uniform Resource Locators, making it the most comprehensive search engine on the Web at the time. The company cited NEC Research Institute data in its June 26 press release, stating that "there are more than 1 billion web pages online today," with Google "providing access to 560 million full-text indexed web pages and 500 million partially indexed URLs."
Back in the US he made another film with Blake Edwards, the thriller The Carey Treatment (1972). It was badly cut by MGM and was commercially underwhelming. So too was The Honkers (1972) where Coburn played a rodeo rider.
It cannot be too earnestly urged that an acquaintance with real facts will, in the end, be better for all parties. Some time ago, when the reading public was alarmed at being told how London milk is adulterated, timid persons deprecated the exposure, on the plea that it would give instructions in the art of adulterating milk; a vain fear, milkmen knew all about it before, whether they practiced it or not; and the exposure only taught purchasers the necessity of a little scrutiny and caution, leaving them to obey this necessity or not, as they pleased.
The lever tumbler lock, which uses a set of levers to prevent the bolt from moving in the lock, was perfected by Robert Barron in 1778. His double acting lever lock required the lever to be lifted to a certain height by having a slot cut in the lever, so lifting the lever too far was as bad as not lifting the lever far enough. This type of lock is still currently used today.
Burial Ground met with a positive critical response, with a number of critics noting the mixing of upbeat reggae and dub. According to The Reggae Review, "Original, bass-heavy, one drop beats are consistent throughout the album, as are the subtle nuances...and sometimes not so subtle nuances....of dub. Stick Figure's digits remain firmly on the pulse of roots reggae/dub music." The Pier stated "the album represents a new milestone in Stick Figure's musical growth and innovative abilities, with more layering, instrumental transcendence, and lyrical complexity [than their previous albums]."
In March 2004, while Goodrem was undergoing cancer treatment for Hodgkins disease, Higgins and Carter announced plans to release the album. They would shop the album around and begin a bidding war amongst record companies. After the overwhelming success of Goodrem's debut album Innocent Eyes, which sold over 4.5 million copies worldwide, industry experts expected that bidding for the album could attract figures anywhere between $1.5 million and $15 million. When Goodrem and her family disapproved of the album's release, a lawsuit was filed. Goodrem's lawyers claimed the album was made up of unfinished demo recordings which were not fit for commercial release. After much coverage in the media, the case was settled in mediation. In exchange for not releasing the album, Higgins and Carter received an unspecified payout.
Douglas Aziz Shamasha Eshaya (Arabic: دوكلاص عزيز‎ (born 1 January 1942) is a former Iraq national football player and caretaker coach. He is from Iraq's Christian minority, and an ethnic Assyrian.
On 29 August 2014, Carvajal was called up to the squad for the first time, for matches against France and Macedonia. He made his debut on 4 September, in a 0–1 friendly defeat to the former in which he played the full 90 minutes; he was also selected for the UEFA Euro 2016 tournament, being dropped from the squad after an injury contracted whilst with his club.
The comparison was also noted by the authors of The Google Story: "Not since Gutenberg ... has any new invention empowered individuals, and transformed access to information, as profoundly as Google." Also, not long after the two "cooked up their new engine for web searches, they began thinking about information that was at the time beyond the web," such as digitizing books and expanding health information.
But for the ID project, the issue is not the dissolution of the private/public realm divide. The real issue is how, maintaining and enhancing the autonomy of the two realms, such institutional arrangements are adopted that introduce democracy at the household and the social realm in general (workplace, educational establishment etcetera) and at the same time enhance the institutional arrangements of political and economic democracy. In this sense, an effective democracy is only conceivable if free time is equally distributed among all citizens, which requires ending the present hierarchical relations in the household, the workplace and elsewhere. Furthermore, democracy in the social realm, particularly in the household, requires institutional arrangements which recognise the character of the household as a need-satisfier and integrate the care and services that the household provides into the general scheme of needs satisfaction.
Rod Shealy was born on December 22, 1953 to Elsie (née Porth), who worked as an executive for World Book Encyclopedia, and Ryan Shealy, a South Carolina politician who served in the state's House and Senate. He was the second of five children. Shealy attended Lexington High School and graduated in 1972. One of his sisters, Sherry Shealy Martschink, (1949 –) served in both the SC House and Senate and ran for lieutenant governor.
Weber ended his research of society and religion in India by bringing in insights from his previous work on China to discuss similarities of the Asian belief systems. He notes that the beliefs saw the meaning of life as otherworldy mystical experience. The social world is fundamentally divided between the educated elite, following the guidance of a prophet or wise man, and the uneducated masses whose beliefs are centered on magic. In Asia, there was no Messianic prophecy to plan and meaning to the everyday life of educated and uneducated alike. Weber juxtaposed such Messianic prophecies, notably from the Near East region to those found on the Asiatic mainland, focusing more on exemplary ways to live one's life. It was those differences that prevented the countries of the Occident from following the paths of the earlier Chinese and Indian civilizations. His next work, Ancient Judaism was an attempt to prove this theory.
CHS has had a major addition every 20 to 30 years. In the 1930s, an industrial arts wing brought students the skills needed during the Great Depression. In the 1950s, a large addition, now known as "C-Wing", added classrooms to cope with increasing student numbers as well as a massive gymnasium (bringing the total number of gyms to three). In the early 70s, a projected enrollment boom and the need for new science, fine arts, and industrial arts space created the need for "B" and "D" wings. A new cafeteria, the largest public school library at the time, space for academic advising, a now-gone small movie theater and A/V room and a TV studio were built. With these additions, the earlier 1927 structure is only visible from the front facade and between later additions. In 2005, much of the space previously used for industrial arts such as wood shop and auto shop was transformed into a theatre performance and general use space. In 2009, renovations were completed on the main entryway, reviving original stone and woodwork, but with a conspicuous misspelling of the school's motto, "Excelsior", carved as "Excelcior" into the masonry floor.
Demotic self-reliance is meant in terms of radical decentralisation and collective self-sufficiency, in the sense of relying on the demos' resources rather than in the sense of autarky.
After serving 12 years as an assistant coach, including the previous four at California, Kennedy's first collegiate head coaching job came at Centenary. There, he took over a program that had won only 30 games in the previous three seasons. His first team won 10 games but his second improved to a 14-14 overall record and a 9-7 Trans America Athletic Conference mark, its best finish in five years.
As of 2008, the gender distribution of the population was 47.7% male and 52.3% female. The population was made up of 1,027 Swiss men (38.9% of the population) and 230 (8.7%) non-Swiss men. There were 1,151 Swiss women (43.6%) and 229 (8.7%) non-Swiss women. Of the population in the municipality 1,283 or about 60.3% were born in Leytron and lived there in 2000. There were 420 or 19.7% who were born in the same canton, while 178 or 8.4% were born somewhere else in Switzerland, and 244 or 11.5% were born outside of Switzerland.
The phylogeography of this group provides examples of various speciation mechanisms at work. In this scenario ancestors of this group became isolated from the remaining Ilex when the Earth mass broke away into Gondwana and Laurasia about 82 million years ago, resulting in a physical separation of the groups and beginning a process of change to adapt to new conditions. This mechanism is called allopatric speciation. Over time, survivor species of the holly genus adapted to different ecological niches. This led to reproductive isolation, an example of ecological speciation. In the Pliocene, around five million years ago, mountain formation diversified the landscape and provided new opportunities for speciation within the genus.
Ike Clanton was never the leader of the Cowboys. Old Man Clanton controlled the gang until he was killed in 1881 and leadership of the gang fell to Curly Bill Brocis and Johnny Ringo.
Carvajal started in Real Madrid's triumphs in the 2014 UEFA Super Cup over compatriots Sevilla FC, and in that year's FIFA Club World Cup final against Argentina's San Lorenzo de Almagro. In the first leg of the Champions League's semi-finals, on 5 May 2015, he conceded a penalty by fouling Carlos Tevez, with the Juventus F.C. forward converting the spot-kick to defeat the Spaniards 2–1.
The 2005 Qatar motorcycle Grand Prix was the fourteenth round of the 2005 MotoGP Championship. It took place on the weekend of 29 September-1 October 2005 at the Losail International Circuit.
Philip Cortelyou Johnson (July 8, 1906 – January 25, 2005) was an American architect. He is best known for his works of Modern architecture, including the Glass House in New Canaan, Connecticut, and his works of postmodern architecture, particularly 550 Madison Avenue which was designed for AT&T, and 190 South La Salle Street in Chicago. In 1978, he was awarded an American Institute of Architects Gold Medal and in 1979 the first Pritzker Architecture Prize.
In 2015, Scott Woodruff relocated from San Diego to a home in the woods in the outskirts of Santa Cruz. Immediately after relocating to his new home, Woodruff built Ruffwood Studios where he recorded the subsequent Stick Figure album, Set in Stone. Woodruff found much inspiration for this album from the redwood forest just outside of his studio.
In its effects subreption is equivalent to obreption. Subreption may be intentional and malicious, or attributable solely to ignorance or inadvertence. It may affect the primary, substantial reason or motive of the grant, or constitute merely a secondary or impellent cause of the concession.
Within two years of forming a live band, Stick Figure toured with other major acts including Rebelution, Slightly Stoopid, Collie Buddz, Passafire, Tribal Seeds and The Expendables. They performed at various internationally recognized festivals including Reggae on the River, Cali Roots Festival, Life is Beautiful, Closer to the Sun, Levitate, and Bonnaroo, amongst others.
In the East, at the distance 30 kilometres (19 miles) from Paris and in the heart of Marne-la-Vallée, Bussy-Saint-Georges has a privileged position thanks to a high-density motorway network. From Bussy, the direct access to the A4 motorway and the nearby A104 offer easy access to the whole country.
Greco's skateboard and clothing brand "Hammers" was launched in October 2014 as part of Bakerboys Distribution. Greco explained in August 2014 that the brand is "based on individuality, the pure moment of creation ... It's just based on creating." In the first Hammers catalog, Greco explains that the company's products are made in the U.S. "which in turn creates American jobs and manufactures better products."
It is threatened by habitat degradation due to agricultural activities, water pollution, hydroelectric development, and pine plantations. For example, the Itaipu Dam destroyed populations in Paraná.
Omoigawa Station (思川駅, Omoigawa-eki) is a railway station on the Ryōmō Line in Oyama, Tochigi Prefecture, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
DeFreeze was suspected by many of being a government provocateur, but his race and prison time gave him unquestioned authority in the SLA. He also had sexual dominion over women in the group. They acquired resources by robbing the homes in the Bay Area. The first proposed operation, assassinating the head of the state penitentiaries, was cancelled because of possible repercussions for inmates; instead Marcus Foster, a black educator regarded by the SLA as a fascist who had brought police onto school campuses, was targeted and killed.
The Shree Camp Hanuman Temple (Hindi: कामप हनुमान् मन्दीर) is one of the biggest Hanuman temples of India. It is situated in Ahmedabad Cantonment area in Shahibaug, Ahmedabad, Gujarat. This temple was established by Pandit Gajanan Prasad around 100 years ago.
A unglie (In Bangladesh Angul) ("finger") is an obsolete unit of length equal to three-fourths of an inch (1.905 cm) that was used in India, Bangladesh and Pakistan. After metrification in this countries, the unit became obsolete.
The Farm of Génitoy. The name, genesterium in Latin or genestay in Old French, later génitoire or génitoy, originates from the abundant Genista flowers. The farm was also an important fief with a castle. In 1672, Madame de Montespan had a baby in the castle of Génitoy, one of the Louis XIV's son: Louis-César de Bourbon, count of Vexin.
While initially elected at the 1997 and 2002 elections as a member of the Labor Party, he moved to the Greens in early 2003. He ultimately resigned from the Greens on 8 February 2006 and ran in the 2006 election as an independent and won. His chances of retaining his seat in 2006 had been essentially written off by most commentators after his decision to become an Independent MP, but he won a narrow victory after a very low Liberal primary vote and an endorsement from popular Independent MP Nick Xenophon. He narrowly lost at the 2010 election despite an improved vote, due to finishing third after all non-major party preferences had been distributed.
Johnson, at the age of ninety-eight, died in his sleep while at his Glass House retreat on January 25, 2005. He was survived by his partner of 45 years, David Whitney, who died later that year at age 66.
Her memoir, titled Every Secret Thing, was published in 1981. In contradiction of assertions that she had been given immunity on the Crocker robbery, the book caused authorities to consider bringing a new prosecution against her. In a 2009 interview for an NBC program on the case, she described the prosecutor's suggestions that she had been in a consensual relationship with Wolfe as an insult to rape victims and "outrageous".
1st place in Story of the Year, Freedom of the Press, Best Explanatory Journalism, Community Service, Best Investigative/In-depth Story or Series, Best Spot News Story, Best Non-staff Story, Best Information Graphic, Best Local Non-Staff Column in 2015, Nevada Press Association
In August 2007, Gordon Gano was the subject of a lawsuit brought by bassist Brian Ritchie. The lawsuit stems partly from Gano's authorization of the use of "Blister" in a Wendy's commercial. In 2008, the song was featured on a Foster's Lager "Stealing Shadows" advertisement.
Psilence is an extremely powerful "Psionic" unable to literally speak and use her voice, hence her name. With this handicap notwithstanding though, she now communicates through her mental telepathy as well as possessing vicious telekinesis which she utilizes in conjunction with her own fighting prowess and unarmed combat skills which works in synergized tandem with her own enhanced physical attributes, notably her agility and stamina has been demonstrated against opponents. Her own psychic abilities have been known to render individuals temporarily comatosed or she can render them permanently unconscious while her empathy furnishes her with "danger sense" which allowed her to sense and perceive the ascension of Chapel after he committed suicide when he confronted Hellspawn.
Created by England-born artist Mark "Fos" Foster, the Heroin brand was named after Fos' addiction to "skateboarding". The global premiere of the Heroin skateboards video, Video Nasty, was held in Los Angeles, US on June 27, 2013 and includes parts from Chet Childress, Deer Man of Dark Woods, Daniel Shimizu, Gou Myagi, Rogie and Tom Day. Foster's debut American art show, "Diamonds And The Rough", was presented at the Kingswell gallery in Los Angeles, US on June 14, 2014.
In his first season as a senior Carvajal was immediately cast in the reserve team's starting XI, also being the team's captain. In the following campaign, he fared even better (38 games and two goals, playoffs included), as the B's returned to Segunda División after a five-year absence.
As of January 2011 engines 1251 and 1252 had been returned to working order by EETC whilst engine 1254 was being overhauled. The two operational locomotives were being used to haul the empty Citynightline train from Munich and Zurich and Euronight Jan Kiepura train from Moscow, Minsk, Warsaw, Prague and Copenhagen between Amsterdam Centraal railway station and Watergraafsmeer. They are also used on charter trains and transporting carriages to and from the EETC workshop in Rotterdam.
He is credited with bringing into the scientific lexicon the terms "ocular" and "objective" (as used in optics). The lunar crater Rheita is named after him. By extension, the lunar valley Vallis Rheita, where the crater stands at the valley’s northwestern end, is also named after Schyrleus.
On 15 March 2017, it was reported that Vladimir Putin's character has been cut from the film before an actor was cast for the role. According to The Hollywood Reporter, EuropaCorp's president, Luc Besson, wanted to shift the story’s focus to the rescue mission rather than the politics behind the disaster. One theory noted by The Hollywood Reporter is that nobody at EuropaCorp wanted to be hacked, like happened to the film The Interview, that angered Kim Jong-un and is believed to have sparked the Sony hack in 2014. Putin was just three months into the job as Russian president when the tragedy occurred in 2000. He was supposed to appear as a supporting character in the film in at least five scenes, and was sympathetically portrayed in the original Kursk script, which highlighted why he took the tragedy personally (Putin’s father was a submariner before the war).
In October 2014, Hamilton was announced as part of Grateful Dead's Bill Kreutzmann's new band Billy & the Kids. Also in the band are Reed Mathis and Aron Magner.
Holly can contain caffeic acid, caffeoyl derivatives, caffeoylshikimic acid, chlorogenic acid, feruloylquinic acid, quercetin, quinic acid, kaempferol, tannins, rutin, caffeine, and theobromine.
In November 2002 Castle Technology Ltd released a modified version of Pace's 32-bit RISC OS as RISC OS 5 for their Iyonix PC, in apparent contravention of the licence agreement that RISCOS Ltd held with Element 14. In July 2003, Castle bought all technology rights to RISC OS from Pace in an attempt to legalise the situation. In January 2004, Castle also took over Tematic Ltd., the company formed by ex-Pace engineers when they were made redundant in March 2003. The result was a long-running and acrimonious dispute between RISCOS Ltd and Castle over licensing, which ultimately lead to Castle claiming to terminate RISCOS Ltd's licence to develop, sell and sub-license RISC OS 4. RISCOS Ltd refuted all the claims made and challenged Castle to identify how and from whom they had acquired RISC OS 5. An end to the dispute was signalled when RISCOS Ltd and Castle agreed to work on attempting to merge their development streams and re-unify RISC OS, with Castle's engineers working on key system functionality and RISCOS Ltd on user-facing elements. One of the conditions was that RISCOS Ltd agreed to be renamed RISC OS Developments Ltd. ROL and Castle subsequently agreed to merge RISC OS 4 and RISC OS 5 together, as of 2011 this merge hasn't happened.
The shootout was couched in the movie as a heavily armed firefight that took place at medium range. The historical event itself lasted only about 30 seconds, and was fought at close range with only a few firearms.
Hearst's bail was revoked in May 1978 when appeals failed and the Supreme Court declined to hear her case. The prison took no special security measures for Hearst's safety until she found a dead rat on her bunk the day William and Emily Harris were arraigned for her abduction. The Harrises were convicted on a simple kidnapping charge (as opposed to the more serious kidnapping for ransom or kidnapping with bodily injury); they were released after serving a total eight years each. Although there were some articles in legal journals about the issues in the case the definition of duress in law remained unchanged.
On 8 July 2015, Carvajal signed a new deal with the Merengues until 2020. He contributed with eight appearances and one goal in the campaign's Champions League, as the tournament ended in win; in the final against Atlético Madrid, he retired injured early into the second half of a 1–1 draw (penalty shootout triumph).
He coached Al-Khutot, Salah-Al-Deen and Al-Karkh in the 1990s before leaving Iraq to settle in Arnhem, the Netherlands. Douglas is in the Al Shorta Hall of Fame.
In the early years, students at the Columbia School were not separated according to grade. All were subject to the same rules, among them the following adopted by the Trustees on May 2, 1827: "Every scholar must be made to name every silent letter in his spelling when he spells a word with one in and mention every figure which is placed over a letter and be taught to know their uses and for every mistake or omission in such letter or figure shall be considered the same as spelling a word wrong and subject to the same usage.
Some of the local issues Hanna was known to campaign for were: upgrading the Oaklands rail crossing, making Glenthorne a forested recreational park, and turning the old O’Halloran Hill TAFE site into a high school.
This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document "Clothier Harbor" (content from the Geographic Names Information System).
In 2005, it became the first English-language track to ever be allowed on RTÉ Raidió na Gaeltachta, the Republic of Ireland Irish-language radio station, after having been selected by listeners for the event.
Limnomedusa macroglossa (common name: rapids frog) is a species of frog in the Alsodidae family, in the monotypic genus Limnomedusa. It is found in southern Brazil, northeastern Argentina, Uruguay, and northern Paraguay.
Page was first attracted to computers when he was six years old, as he was able to "play with the stuff lying around"—first-generation personal computers—that had been left by his parents. He became the "first kid in his elementary school to turn in an assignment from a word processor". His older brother also taught him to take things apart and before long he was taking "everything in his house apart to see how it worked". He said that "from a very early age, I also realized I wanted to invent things. So I became really interested in technology and business. Probably from when I was 12, I knew I was going to start a company eventually."
Hearst alone was arraigned for the Hibernia Bank robbery; the trial commenced on January 15, 1976. Judge Oliver Jesse Carter, who was a professional acquaintance of a junior member of the prosecution team, ruled Hearst's taped and written statements after the bank robbery while she was a fugitive with the SLA members were voluntary. He did not allow expert testimony that stylistic analysis indicated the 'Tania' statements and writing were not wholly composed by Hearst, and permitted the prosecution to introduce statements and actions of Hearst long after the Hibernia robbery as evidence of her state of mind at the time of the robbery. Carter allowed into evidence a recording made by prison authorities of a friend's prison visit with Hearst in which she used profanities and spoke of her radical and feminist beliefs, but did not allow tapes of the interviews of Hearst by psychiatrist Louis Jolyon West to be heard by the jury. Judge Carter appeared to be 'resting his eyes' during testimony favorable to the defense by West and others.
The RIDE Channel, a YouTube skateboarding channel cofounded by Hawk, announced on March 15, 2013 that a new series, entitled "Baker Zone", would commence on March 18, 2013. The series features video productions from the Baker company, such as "Weekend Warriors", "Piled Out", "Trash Compactor" and "Dumb Ass Park Footy".
The Columbia High School Cougars compete in the Super Essex Conference, following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). With 1,456 students in grades 10-12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2015-16 school year as North II, Group IV for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 1,114 to 4,800 students in that grade range. Prior to the NJSIAA's 2010 realignment, the school had competed as part of the Iron Hills Conference, made up of public and private high schools in Essex County and Union County. Prior to 1972, the school competed in New Jersey's Big Ten Conference.
In 1930 Johnson joined the architecture department of the Museum of Modern Art in New York. There he arranged for American visits by Gropius and Le Corbusier, and negotiated the first American commission for Mies van der Rohe. In 1932, working with Hitchcock and Alfred H. Barr, Jr., he organized the first exhibition on Modern architecture at the Museum of Modern Art in 1932. The show and their simultaneously published book International Style: Modern Architecture Since 1922 played an important part in introducing modern architecture to the American public. When the rise of the Nazis in Germany forced the modernists Marcel Breuer and Mies van der Rohe to leave Germany, Johnson helped arrange for them to come to work in the United States.
Watt involves community effort when creating artworks. Her project Blanket Stories: Transportation Object, Generous Ones at the Tacoma Art Museum involved creating large-scale installations out of blankets donated by the community. Not only are the blankets the medium but "Watt believes that blankets provide access to social connections, historical traditions, and cross-cultural meanings." Watt hosts sewing circles, groups who gather and work such as with the piece Forget me not: Mothers and Sons in which they constructed portraits of servicemen (and one woman) from Oregon killed in the Iraqi war.
In 2014, it sponsored The Harvard Project for Asian and International Relations (HPAIR) conference in Keio University, Tokyo, Japan. One of the Asia’s largest business and youth leadership gathering organized by students, the conference has featured speakers such as UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon, former Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd, director of the Earth Institute Professor Jeffrey Sachs, former President of the Republic of South Korea and 2000 Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Kim Dae Jung, and the Asia director of the World Economic Forum Frank Jurgen Richter. In 2016, it sponsored the HPAIR conference that was held at the Chinese University of Hong Kong.
The genus is distributed throughout the world's different climates. Most species make their home in the tropics and subtropics, with a worldwide distribution in temperate zones. The greatest diversity of species is found in the Americas and in Southeast Asia.
In 1956 (tied with Cranford High School), 1982 and again in 1990 (tied with Cherry Hill High School East), the school's chess team was the New Jersey high school team champion, winning the Father Casimir J. Finley Trophy.
After the failure of the 1893 amendment, the movement continued. However, the MWSA was unable to build on its earlier success. The MWSA and its ally, the Political Equality Club, placed women's suffrage before the state legislature every session. Each time, the bill either died in committee or was defeated.
Carpenter wrote the film in the mid-1970s as a reaction to the Watergate scandal. After the success of Halloween, he had enough influence to begin production and filmed it mainly in St. Louis, Missouri on an estimated budget of $6 million. Debra Hill and Larry J. Franco served as the producers. The film was co-written by Nick Castle, who had collaborated with Carpenter by portraying Michael Myers in Halloween.
As of the 2014-15 school year, the school had an enrollment of 1,913 students and 146.4 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 13.1:1. There were 359 students (18.8% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 114 (6.0% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
For devotees of Lord Hanuman the days Tuesday and Saturday are held as being the most auspicious to give worship or make rituals in his name.
Joystick apparently possesses superhuman strength (sufficient to press roughly ten tons), speed, agility, dexterity, reflexes & reactions, coordination, balance, and endurance roughly equivalent to that of Spider-Man. The source of these powers remains unknown. She also wears metal devices on her wrists, each of which generates a "baton" of coherent energy, powered by strontium chips. These batons can be swung or hurled with great concussive force, sufficient to damage concrete. In addition, by striking the batons against one another, Joystick can project a powerful concussive force beam at a target, and possesses wires to hack into computers within her gauntlets. Her costume formerly contained an explosive device which would be activated with a 2-minute countdown by the controllers of the Great Game. The mechanism of the devices is unknown, as is their exact composition.
For many years following its opening in 1927, the high school physical plant was more than sufficient for the needs of its population. Although four classrooms and a shop were added to the structure in 1939, it was not until 1958 that a large addition (now C Wing) was constructed to accommodate a burgeoning student body. By 1964, the dimensions of a new population explosion were perceived, and a special Board of Education committee was formed to investigate the needs of Columbia High School in the 1970s. As a result of this study, it was calculated that further additions would be required. During the 1970−71 school year, B and D Wings were added at a total cost of $5,250,000.
In 2010-11, Kennedy's Racers repeated as OVC regular-season champions but fell in the conference tournament semifinals. As OVC regular-season champions, Murray State earned a berth in the National Invitation Tournament where it lost 89-76 at Missouri State to finish with a 23-9 season record. Kennedy was again selected OVC coach of the year.
Skörstorp Church (Swedish: Skörstorps kyrka) is a medieval round church in Västra Götaland County in Sweden. It belongs to the Diocese of Skara.
In 2015, after learning that Mayor Kevin Johnson primarily used a private email account with his staff while in public office, the Sacramento News & Review issued a Freedom of Information request to gain access to (then) Mayor Kevin Johnson's emails. An attorney for the city deemed the emails public property, but instead of handing them over, the Mayor moved to sue the Sacramento News & Review and the city of Sacramento. In response to the lawsuit, the Sacramento News & Review published a cover story where, according to their statement, a cartoon depicts Kevin Johnson as "sweaty and nervous while reading about his lawsuit against this paper and allegations of email misuse." Betty Williams, the former president of Sacramento's local NAACP and a longtime associate of Kevin Johnson, released a statement criticizing the paper for its "racially biased news coverage" of the mayor, mainly referring to the cartoon portrayal of the mayor. The lawsuit and the allegations of racially biased news coverage attracted the attention of Deadspin who began covering the story, bringing national attention to the many allegations against Kevin Johnson, including allegations of sexual assault and harassment. This national attention put pressure on ESPN to not air a film praising Kevin Johnson's work in Sacramento with the Sacramento Kings and their new downtown arena. Almost immediately after ESPN pulled the film, Kevin Johnson announced that he would not be seeking another term as Mayor of the City of Sacramento. In March 2016, the News & Review was recognized by the James Madison Freedom of Information Awards for its significant contributions to advancing freedom of information for this legal battle to obtain Sacramento Mayor Kevin Johnson's emails.
The Board of Education reacted by banning all but "polite dances" on school premises. However, the proscribed behavior persisted, and the Board then stopped all school dances. That continued until it became apparent that students were going to outside dances anyway and the efforts at control were abandoned.
The basic unit of decision making in an inclusive democracy is the demotic assembly, i.e. the assembly of demos, the citizen body in a given geographical area which may encompass a town and the surrounding villages, or even neighbourhoods of large cities. This is very close to the concept of the 'urban village' proposed today by supporters of de-growth economics. However, apart from local decisions, many important decisions are to be made at the regional or confederal level. This is why, as Serge Latouche observes, the aim of Inclusive Democracy "presupposes a confederation of demoi" made up of small, homogenous units of around 30,000 people. Therefore, an inclusive democracy today can only take the form of a confederal democracy that is based on a network of administrative councils whose members or delegates are elected from popular face-to-face democratic assemblies in the various demoi. Thus, their role is purely administrative and practical, not one of policy-making like that of representatives in representative democracy.
It serves the towns and cities of, from west to east, Lanark, Shannon, Forreston, Leaf River, Byron, Stillman Valley, Kirkland, Kingston, Genoa, Hampshire, Gilberts, Sleepy Hollow, West Dundee, East Dundee, South Barrington, Hoffman Estates, Schaumburg, Elk Grove Village, Des Plaines, Rosemont, and Chicago. Higgins Road/Higgins Avenue continues east-southeast from Harlem Avenue in Chicago to Milwaukee Avenue near Lawrence Avenue.
Police are dispatched to rescue the President. However, Romero, the right-hand man of the Duke of New York, the top crime boss in the prison, warns them that the Duke has taken the President hostage, and that he will be killed if any further rescue attempts are mounted. Commissioner Bob Hauk offers a deal to Snake Plissken, a former Special Forces soldier convicted of attempting to rob the Federal Reserve in Denver: if Snake rescues the President and retrieves the cassette tape, Hauk will arrange a presidential pardon. To ensure his compliance, Hauk has Plissken injected with micro-explosives that will rupture Snake's carotid arteries within 22 hours; if Snake returns with the President and the tape in time, Hauk will have the explosives neutralized.
A memorial to the achievements of the MWSA currently stands on the lawn of the Minnesota State Capitol and is known as the Minnesota Woman Suffrage Memorial.
This arrondissement is the least geographically extended but the most populated of the department, with 10 cantons, 43 towns representing 343,583 inhabitants.
Student reaction to the Vietnam War was a nationwide phenomenon, and Columbia provided no exception to the pattern. A Student Peace Group was organized at Columbia in 1968, and over 300 students actively participated. Members wore black armbands on April 26 of that year, and a community rally was held the next day with faculty members present. On March 17, 1969, 43 Columbia students were suspended for distributing leaflets in school. The American Civil Liberties Union agreed to defend the students, but the issue later became moot when, over a period of time, the students were reinstated.
On May 17, 1974, The New York Times ran the story of DeFreeze and the Los Angeles Police Department. However, the story was largely overlooked due to this being the day of the shoot out and conflagration that killed DeFreeze and five other members of the SLA.
1st place in General Excellence, Best Investigative Reporting, Best Front Page (tabloid), Coverage of local government in 2015, California Newspaper Publishers Association
During the Hearst kidnapping saga, two of the families of SLA members, including Willie Wolfe's father, contracted Headley to investigate the matter.
A photograph of his son, X Tecumseh Clark (born October 7, 1984), was featured on the cover art of Canadian electronic music band Crystal Castles' second eponymous album in 2010.
Gunfight at the O.K. Corral is a 1957 American western film starring Burt Lancaster as Wyatt Earp and Kirk Douglas as Doc Holliday, based on a real event which took place on October 26, 1881. The picture was directed by John Sturges from a screenplay written by novelist Leon Uris.
Coburn was born on August 31, 1928 in Laurel, Nebraska, the son of James Harrison Coburn II and Mylet Coburn. His father was of Scottish-Irish ancestry and his mother was an immigrant from Sweden. The elder Coburn had a garage business that was destroyed by the Great Depression. Coburn himself was raised in Compton, California, where he attended Compton Junior College. In 1950, he enlisted in the United States Army, in which he served as a truck driver and occasionally a disc jockey on an Army radio station in Texas. Coburn also narrated Army training films in Mainz, Germany.
The Louisiana Sports Writers Association, the Louisiana Association of Basketball Coaches, and the National Association of Basketball Coaches (District 8) selected Kennedy coach of the year in 2004 end 2005.
The Trustees responded in 1879 by resolving to erect a new brick building, of two stories, to accommodate between 220 and 240 pupils. The new structure was opened in 1880. The final cost of construction was $17,094.49. The building later became the northeast wing of the old South Orange Junior High School, demolished when the present middle school was built.
While Snake is forced to fight in a deathmatch with Slag, a prisoner, Brain and Maggie kill Romero and flee with the President. As Snake kills Slag, the Duke learns of Brain's treachery and rallies his gang to chase them. Snake, Brain, Maggie, and the President race to the World Trade Center in an attempt to use Snake's glider to escape from Manhattan. After a group of crazies destroy it, the group returns to the street and encounters Cabbie, who offers to take them across the bridge. When Cabbie reveals that he has the secret tape (having traded it to Romero earlier for his hat), the President demands it, but Snake keeps it.
Ralph Sazio (1922-2008, class of 1941), former football player, assistant coach, head coach general manager and team president of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, inducted into the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 1998 as a builder.
There are three tiers of awards: a Global Award is presented to international brands that have a presence in ten or more countries, on three or more continents, limited to the top 100 global brands in any particular year; a Regional Award is presented to brands who are top in several countries in a particular geographic region; and a National Award which is presented to the very top brands in participating countries at the awards. Brands who are global winners are not awarded again on a national level.
Epidemics raged during the same period of time. Polio spread around the country in 1916 and, at Columbia, resulted in the deaths of one teacher and several children. In 1918, the global influenza epidemic closed all of the schools in the District for three weeks and one teacher died.
Page was born March 26, 1973, in East Lansing, Michigan. Page does not follow any formal religion. His father, Carl Victor Page, Sr., earned a PhD in computer science from the University of Michigan in 1965, when the field was being established, and BBC reporter Will Smale has described him as a "pioneer in computer science and artificial intelligence". He was a computer science professor at Michigan State University and Page's mother, Gloria, was an instructor in computer programming at Lyman Briggs College and at Michigan State University.
The song was also featured prominently in the 1997 film Grosse Pointe Blank. John Cusack had initially requested an updated version of the song, which led to the band recording a new, slower arrangement that featured saxophones, strings and other instruments. This version of the song was dubbed "Blister 2000." However, Cusack eventually decided he wanted to include the original version of the song as well. Because the original master tapes of the band's debut album had long been disposed of, they decided to record a new version of the original 1983 arrangement. Curiously, neither of these rerecorded versions appears in the actual film, although a new music video was created for the new recording of the 1983 arrangement. It features Gordon Gano as a deranged assassin trying to kill Socks the cat in puppet form, interspersed with clips from the film.
The forum runs various programmes including brand and market research, a best-practice standards development programme, and other student education programmes. It also organises various conference, workshops and seminars. The forum's industry recognition programme is the World Branding Awards, which it organises annually.
When the petition contains a statement about facts or circumstances that are supposititious or at least, modified if they really exist, the resulting rescript is said to be vitiated by obreption, which consists in a positive allegation of what is false.
In 1975, he started to record music under the alias The Stars. Two years later, he formed the Butler, Pennsylvania based rock band The Eyes. The band's album, New Gods: Aardvark Through Zymurgy was released in 1977 and has been called "the holy grail of psychedelic collectibles." In 1978, The Eyes (with two personnel changes) evolved into The Todd Clark Group, who released their "We're Not Safe!" album in 1979.
Shirley Township covers an area of 42.75 square miles (110.7 km2) and contains no incorporated settlements. According to the USGS, it contains two cemeteries: Cedar Hill and Pleasant View.
"A Killing: Closing Hours of the Bill Passing Session of the Legislature: Woman Suffrage and Anti-Pool Room Bills Go Down to Death Together," The Minneapolis Tribune, April 18, 1893.
Shock construction projects (Russian: Ударные стройки) also Komsomol shock construction projects was a Soviet propaganda term used for certain construction projects by Komsomol shock brigades in the Soviet Union.
While in Lebanon Haddad realized that he was a nominal Christian who "did not really live according to what he knew were the norms of his faith." He then decided that whenever the chance came he would try his best to live according to his idea of Christian standards for one year. He tried to do so while he was a student at Columbia University. During that time, one of his American Christian friends converted to Islam. Haddad recalls that this event had a significant impact on him and made him feel envious: “Here was an American embracing the religion of my people - the Arabs - and the religion I felt attached to.” During a year he spent in Paris on a scholarship, Haddad bought a complete set of tapes of the recitation of the Quran. Upon returning to New York, he heard the tapes and paid special attention to the passages that concerned Christians. He recalls that he felt the words of the Quran were those of God but also "squirmed" at some verses that threatened Christians. He read many other books about Islam and eventually became dissatisfied with the Christian way of worship. In 1991, he went to a Muslim student group at Columbia University and pronounced the Shahada, thereby formally converting to the Hanafi Sunni branch of Islam.
In the early part of the 20th century most of the remaining farms in Maplewood and South Orange were sold and subdivided, leading to the present suburban character of the towns. The increase in population placed enormous pressure on the schools. In 1900, the total District school population was 792; by 1927, it had risen to 4,960, an increase of 526%.
Budyonnovsky (Russian: Будённовский; masculine), Budyonnovskaya (Будённовская; feminine), or Budyonnovskoye (Будённовское; neuter) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:
The small fruits of Ilex, although often referred to as berries, are technically drupes. They range in color from red to brown to black, and rarely green or yellow. The "bones" contain up to ten seeds each. Some species produce fruits parthenogenetically, such as the cultivar 'Nellie R. Stevens'. The fruits ripen in winter and thus provide winter colour contrast between the bright red of the fruits and the glossy green evergreen leaves. Hence the cut branches, especially of I. aquifolium, are widely used in Christmas decoration. The fruits are generally slightly toxic to humans, and can cause vomiting and diarrhea when ingested. However, they are an important food source for birds and other animals, which help disperse the seeds. Unfortunately this can have negative impacts as well. Along the west coast of North America, from California to British Columbia, English Holly (Ilex aquifolium), which is grown commercially, is quickly spreading into native forest habitat, where it thrives in shade and crowds out native species. It has been placed on the Washington State Noxious Weed Control Board's monitor list, and is a Class C invasive plant in Portland.
Most of the population (as of 2000) speaks French (1,979 or 93.0%) as their first language, Portuguese is the second most common (72 or 3.4%) and German is the third (28 or 1.3%). There are 17 people who speak Italian.
Wright took up a coaching role at Guildford City following his retirement in 1949, before holding similar positions at Walsall and Luton Town. He was named as head coach at Everton in 1956, and later coached the India youth team between 1961 and 1963 in preparation for the 1963 AFC Youth Championship. In 1963, he inherited Syed Abdul Rahim's India national team, where Wright led the side to the runners-up spot in the 1964 Asian Cup, which remains the most notable triumph in professional football for India.
The Duke pursues the group onto the bridge, setting off mines as he tries to catch up. With Brain navigating through the minefield, Snake manages to avoid most of the explosives, but the cab hits a mine and is blown in half, killing Cabbie. As the group flees on foot, Brain is killed when he steps on another mine. Maggie refuses to leave him, and stands in the middle of the road, shooting at the Duke's car until he runs her down, killing her. Snake and the President reach the perimeter wall and the guards raise the President on a rope. The Duke opens fire on the wall, killing the guards and forcing Snake to dive for cover, but the President shoots the Duke dead. Snake is lifted to safety, and the micro-explosives in his neck are neutralized.
The chain started out as an on-campus newspaper for California State University, Chico called The Wildcat, but after a dispute with the administration, the newspaper moved off campus to become an independent publication.
From 1932 to 1940, Johnson openly sympathized with the extreme populist movements of Huey Long, Governor of Louisiana, and Father Charles Coughlin. As a correspondent for Coughlin's newspaper Social Justice, he made several trips to Germany, sympathetically covering the huge Nazi rally at Nuremberg and the German invasion of Poland in 1939. The American correspondent William Shirer who also covered the German invasion of Poland, noted his enthusiasm for the Germans and called him "The American fascist." However, there is no other evidence that he was a fascist or member of the Nazi Party. He actively helped refugees from Germany, including Walter Gropius and Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, to emigrate and become established in the United States. He later described his activities in Germany as "stupid." He was embarrassed, many years after the war, when Hitler's architect, Albert Speer, who admired Johnson's work, sent a copy of his own book as a gift to Johnson. The FBI investigated him for his past contacts with the German government but he was not found to be a threat and he served honorably in the military. Regarding this period in his life, he later said, "I have no excuse (for) such unbelievable stupidity... I don't know how you expiate guilt." In 1956, donated his design for a building of worship to what is now one of the country's oldest Jewish congregations, Congregation Kneses Tifereth Israel in Port Chester, New York. According to one source "all critics agree that his design of the Port Chester Synagogue can be considered as his attempt to ask for forgiveness" for his admitted "stupidity". The building, which stands today, is a "crisp juxtaposition of geometric forms"
Shortly after his conversion, Haddad met Shaykh Hisham Kabbani of Tripoli who introduced him to the ways of the Naqshbandi Spiritual Order (tariqa). In the month of Ramadan following his conversion, Haddad traveled to London where he met Kabbani's teacher and father-in-law, Shaykh Muhammad Nazim al-Haqqani of Cyprus, and accepted him as his spiritual guide of the Naqshbandi Spiritual Order.
Gary Richard Williams (January 24, 1942 – March 16, 2008) was an American professional wrestling manager, as well as a professional wrestler in his early career, best known by his ring name Gary Hart. Hart was one of the pivotal driving forces behind what is considered to be World Class Championship Wrestling's "golden years" in the early 1980s.
Some critics of inclusive democracy ask what guarantees an inclusive democracy may offer in ensuring a better relationship of society to nature than the alternative systems of the market economy, or socialist statism. For example, David Pepper, an eco-socialist, pointed out "the 'required' ecological consensus among ecotopia's inhabitants might not be ensured merely by establishing an Athenian democracy where all are educated and rational". However, ID supporters counter-argue that this criticism represents a clear misconception of what democracy is about because,
Marie Watt was born in 1967 in Seattle, Washington. She majored in art and communications at Willamette University in Salem, Oregon. She also explored museum studies at the Institute of American Indian Arts in Santa Fe. She holds an AFA degree from the Institute of American Indian Arts, a BS degree from Willamette University and an MFA degree in Painting and Printmaking from Yale University. Watt is a member of the Turtle Clan of the Seneca Nation and her father's family were Wyoming ranchers. These two factors in her background have influenced her artwork; Watt describes herself as "half Cowboy and half Indian."
Bussy-Saint-Georges (pronounced [bysi sɛ̃ ʒɔʁʒ]) is a commune in the eastern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located 25.5 km (15.8 miles) from the center of Paris, in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.
Often the tropical species are especially threatened by habitat destruction and overexploitation. At least two species of Ilex have become extinct recently, and many others are barely surviving.
Thomas Richard "Tom" Hamilton Jr. (born December 31, 1978, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American songwriter, musician, and producer best known as the lead vocalist and guitarist for the bands Brothers Past, American Babies, Joe Russo's Almost Dead, Bill Kreutzmann's Billy & the Kids, and Electron.
Cycolor is a tradename for a (possibly obsolete) color printing process that uses a special film coated with millions of capsules filled with cyan, magenta, and yellow dyes, monomer, and photo-initiators. When exposed to red, green, and/or blue light, the contents of the respective capsules polymerize, and therefore become hard and unbreakable. The film is then pressed against specially treated paper, and the capsules that have not hardened in the previous process break, releasing their contents onto the paper.
Showdown in Crescent Valley, 2003: Cover story about the 30-year battle of two Western Shoshone grandmothers trying to live and raise cattle on their ancestral lands
His fourth team at Murray State won more games than any in school history, reaching the second round of the NCAA tournament. The 13th-seeded Racers beat fourth-seed Vanderbilt University 66-65 in the first round in the West Regional at San Jose, California, before falling 54-52 to fifth-seeded Butler University in the second round, equaling the deepest run in the NCAA tournament in school history. During the season, the Racers won a school record 17 games in a row before losing 70-65 at Morehead State University on February 25, 2010. The Racers finished the season with a 31-5 record, including a 17-1 conference mark, and avenged their lone league loss with a 62-51 win over Morehead State in the OVC tournament championship game.
The city has benefited from one of the most significant growths in France. The population has multiplied by 55 in 29 years, between 1982 and 2011.
At the May 2013 I/O developers conference in San Francisco, Page delivered a keynote address and said that "We're at maybe 1% of what is possible. Despite the faster change, we're still moving slow relative to the opportunities we have. I think a lot of that is because of the negativity... Every story I read is Google vs someone else. That's boring. We should be focusing on building the things that don't exist" and that he was "sad the Web isn't advancing as fast as it should be" citing a perceived focus on negativity and zero sum games among some in the technology sector as a cause for that. In response to an audience question, Page noted an issue that Google had been experiencing with Microsoft, whereby the latter made its Outlook program interoperable with Google, but did not allow for backward compatibility—he referred to Microsoft's practice as "milking off." During the question-and-answer section of his keynote, Page expressed interest in Burning Man, which Brin had previously praised—it was a motivating factor for the latter during Schmidt's hiring process, as Brin liked that Schmidt had attended the week-long annual event.
On 29 January and 14 May 2013 RISCOS Ltd was listed in the London Gazette: on 14 May 2013 it was struck from the register of companies and dissolved.
According to one account, Hearst and the Harrises (now the only survivors of the SLA unit that abducted her) bought a car blocks away while the siege was going on, but it broke down when they stopped in an African American area, leaving them with a total of $50. They walked a few hundred yards from the car and hid in a crawlspace under a residential building. When a late night party started in the room above, Hearst readied her weapon saying "the pigs" were closing in on them; in whispers, the Harrises begged her to calm down. They spent the next two weeks in San Francisco flophouses disguised as derelicts.
Leytron is home to the Bibliothèque communale library. The library has (as of 2008) 7,800 books or other media, and loaned out 12,533 items in the same year. It was open a total of 121 days with average of 9 hours per week during that year.
In court Hearst made a poor impression and appeared lethargic; according to an Associated Press report this was attributable to drugs she was given by prison doctors. Bailey was heavily criticized for his decision to put Hearst on the stand, then having her decline to answer questions in the presence of the jury. According to Alan Dershowitz, Bailey was wrong-footed by the judge appearing to indicate she would have Fifth Amendment privilege (the jury would not be present, or be instructed not to draw inferences) on matters subsequent to the Hibernian bank charges that she was being tried on, but then changing his mind.
The cultural association Friends of Skyritida opened a folklore museum in Kollines in 1997. Located in the high school, the museum displays tools, clothes, photographs, and other print material to show how the older generations lived in the area.
Stuhler, Barbara. "Organizing for the Vote: Leaders of Minnesota's Woman Suffrage Movement," Minnesota History 54, no. 3 (Fall 1995):290-303.
On August 3, 2010, MGM Home Entertainment released Escape From New York as a bare-bones Blu-ray. Scream Factory, in association with Shout! Factory, released the film on a special edition Blu-ray on April 21, 2015.
This Is Reggae Music: The Golden Era 1960-1975 is a reggae retrospective anthology issued as a 4-CD box set in 2001 by Trojan Records. The anthology, which was compiled by Colin Escott and Bas Hartong, is arranged in chronological order and features tracks by various artists, starting with mento and ska from first half of the 1960s, then progressing to the slower rhythms of rocksteady and reggae, which emerged later the decade, continuing into the 1970s. Several of the acts featured are Derrick Morgan, Desmond Decker& the Aces, Toots & the Maytals, Jimmy Cliff, and Bob Marley and the Wailers.
Inclusive Democracy as a political project for a new libertarian synthesis : rationale, proposed social structure and transition. Talk at the CNT centenary conference on self-management, Barcelona (April 10, 2010).
She was now recognised as a prominent young poet and the Polish National Radio offered her a job to create and lead a team to broadcast The Radio Song Studio. She also worked on theatre and television productions. Together with composer Adam Sławiński she wrote a series called „Listy śpiewające“ ("Singing Letters“). Her first major theatre show „Niech no tylko zakwitną jabłonie“ ("Let the Apple-trees Bloom") was staged at the Ateneum Theatre.
At about the same time as the AT&T Building, Johnson and Burgee completed other remarkable postmodern skyscrapers; the Bank of America Center (Formerly Republic Bank Center) in Houston (1983) and the PPG Place, the headquarters of the Pittsburgh Plate Glass company (1979–84). Both buildings combined modern materials, construction and scale with suggestions of traditional architecture. The forms of PPG Place suggested the neogothic tower of the Houses of Parliament in London, while the Bank of America Center appeared inspired, on a colossal scale, the stepped houses of Flemish Renaissance architecture.
In 2008, Shealy worked on the campaign of State Senator Catherine Ceips. Tom Davis, the former chief of staff to Mark Sanford was expected to announce that he would be running against Ceips. Davis' house was being painted at the time. Ceips' chief of staff, Randy Bates, arrived at the house and spoke with Josias Mirales Ayala, who claimed to be an illegal immigrant hired to paint Davis' house. Shealy subsequently submitted a photograph of Ayala to Associated Press reporter Jim Davenport and explained that he was an illegal alien. Davis condemned the action, saying "I call on Ms. Ceips to fire Rod Shealy and Randy Bates, the two operatives who carried out this dirty trick."
Glaser has written for the London Review of Books, New Statesman, and Times Higher Education. She has blogged for The Huffington Post. and is a contributor to The Guardian, where she has written articles on contemporary propaganda, fake authenticity, Astroturf politics, cyber-utopianism, and the ideology of natural childbirth. Glaser is a regular contributor to, producer of, and sometime presenter for BBC Radio 3 and Radio 4.
Columbia High School is a four-year comprehensive regional public high school in Maplewood, New Jersey, which serves students in ninth through twelfth grades, as the lone secondary school of the South Orange-Maplewood School District, which includes Maplewood and South Orange, neighboring communities in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commissions on Elementary Secondary Schools since 1928.
Following the album’s release, in January 2016 the live band embarked on a US tour with the Southern California reggae band Fortunate Youth. Johnny Cosmic, a multi-instrumentalist, made his debut appearance as a member of the Stick Figure live band on this tour playing keyboards, singing backup vocals and playing guitar.
Breaking Away, 2002: News & Review led 30 weeklies in a national effort to cover the issue of priests who leave the Catholic Church because they can no longer live with the celibacy requirements
Wright made one appearance for an England XI side that played an Anglo-Scots team in the King George V Jubilee Trust Fund friendly held at Highbury on 8 May 1935. A crowd of 8,944 witness the 1–0 defeat for the England side, with Manchester United's George Mutch scoring the only goal of the game.
Louis Jolyon West was appointed by the court in his capacity as a brainwashing expert and worked without fee. After the trial, he wrote a newspaper article asking President Carter to release her from prison.
The relay teams consist of four biathletes. Legs 1 and 2 are done by the women, legs 3 and 4 by the men. The women's legs are 6 km and men's legs are 7.5 km. Every athlete's leg is skied over three laps, with two shooting rounds; one prone, one standing. For every round of five targets there are eight bullets available, though the last three can only be single-loaded manually one at a time from spare round holders or bullets deposited by the competitor into trays or onto the mat at the firing line. If after eight bullets there are still misses, one 150 m penalty loop must be taken for each missed target remaining. The first-leg participants all start at the same time, and as in cross-country skiing relays, every athlete of a team must touch the team's next-leg participant to perform a valid changeover. On the first shooting stage of the first leg, the participant must shoot in the lane corresponding to their bib number (bib #10 shoots at lane #10 regardless of their position in the race), then for the remainder of the relay, the athletes shoot at the lane in the position they arrived (arrive at the range in 5th place, shoot at lane five).
Johnson continued to add to the Glass House estate during each period of his career. He added a small pavilion with columns by the lake in 1963, an art gallery set into a hillside in 1965, a postmodern sculpture gallery with a glass roof in 1970; a castle-like library with a rounded tower in 1980; a concrete block tower dedicated to his friend Lincoln Kirstein, the founder of the New York City Ballet; a chain-link "ghost house" dedicated to Frank Gehry.
On 9 August 2016, Carvajal started in the UEFA Super Cup clash against Sevilla in Trondheim, and scored the final 3–2 in the 119th minute after an individual effort. During the league season, in spite of several physical ailments, he still contributed with 23 games to help the team be crowned champions. After nearly one month on the sidelines, he returned to action just in time to start at the Champions League final on 3 June, which they won for the third time in four years.
On 14 October 2011 Katsikas signed a four years contract with PAOK, after he was released from Iraklis. On 4 January 2012 he made his debut for the club in 3-1 home win against Levadiakos. He scored his first goal for PAOK against Rapid Wien in August 2012, while his first league goal came into the local derby between PAOK and Aris in a 4-1 win for PAOK. On April 3, 2015 George Katsikas along with Fanis Tzandaris have solved their contracts with PAOK, receiving his payment till the end of the season.
After retiring from cricket in 2001, Sohail became chief selector for the national team, his tenure ending in January 2004 when he was replaced by former national team wicketkeeper Wasim Bari. He continues to work as a cricket broadcaster. On 4-Feb-2014 he was again appointed as Chief Selector of the national team for the second time.
Valdivel Jayalakshmi (born 5 August 1971) is an Indian sprinter. She competed in the women's 4 × 100 metres relay at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Soggin was born on 10 March 1926. He took his first degrees in law at the Sapienza University of Rome and in theology at the Waldensian Theological Seminary in Rome.
RISCOS Ltd was formed to continue end-user-focused development of RISC OS after the de-listing of Acorn Computers, following its purchase by Morgan Stanley Dean Witter in order to benefit from the shareholding that Acorn held in ARM Ltd. In March 1999, RISCOS Ltd obtained exclusive rights to develop and sell RISC OS 4 for the desktop market from Element 14. A few weeks later Pace purchased Acorn's Cambridge headquarters and staff for £200,000 and then continued to develop its own, in-house version of RISC OS, primarily for set-top boxes and other embedded devices.
Reproduction Lightning rifles are still manufactured today by companies such as Uberti, Taurus, and Pedersoli for hunting, historical reenactment, and competition purposes such as Cowboy Action Shooting in calibers such as .38 Special/.357 Magnum, .44-40, and .45 Colt. Of these calibers, only the .44-40 was offered in the Lightning when it was originally produced by Colt.
In 2015, the News & Review led a nationwide project, Letters to the Future, asking authors, artists, scientists and other to write to future generations predicting the success or failure of the 2015 U.N. Climate Talks in Paris. Hundreds of letters were collected and presented to diplomats present in Paris, including letters penned by Michael Pollan, Jane Smiley, Stephen Robinson, Aisha Kahlil, T. C. Boyle, Kim Stanley Robinson, Annie Leonard, Roxana Barry Robinson, Jack Miles, Pam Houston, Geraldine Brooks (writer), Rebecca Goldstein, Lois Wolk, Harry Reid, Brent Bourgeois and others.
On October 27, 2011, it was announced that Kennedy had been diagnosed with early-stage Parkinson's Disease and would be leaving the team to undergo treatment. Kennedy said he planned to return following treatment and temporarily put Associate Coach Glynn Cyprien in charge of the team.
In the origins, the village of Bussy appeared in 841 under the Roman name of Villa Buxido. In 855 the territory formed a large parish under the protection of Saint-Georges. Nevertheless, the full name of Bussy-Saint-Georges only appeared in the 13th century. The name of Bussy comes from Buscus because of the city's native environment initially composed of woods and lots of groves. In the Middle Ages, Bussy-Saint-Martin et Bussy-Saint-Georges was unified under a unique landlord authority, the lords of Bussy. Here is the list of the successive lords of Bussy:
Teresa Wright (1918-2005, class of 1938), Academy Award-winning actress whose films include Mrs. Miniver, Shadow of a Doubt, and The Pride of the Yankees.
The Harrell Formation was first described by Charles Butts in 1918. Hasson and Dennison (1978) state "The Harrell Shale consists of very dark gray, thinly laminated, platy- to sheety-weathering shale underlain in certain areas by the grayish black shale of the Burket Member."
The film was scheduled to start shooting in September 2016, but it had to be postponed due to Russia's defense ministry not issuing a permit for the shoot in the country, which would run for about a month. According to The Hollywood Reporter, Russia's defense ministry originally promised cooperation with the crew, wanting to provide realism expertise to the movie. But later it reportedly grew concerned about granting access to classified information and locations. On 7 February 2017, ScreenDaily.com reported that shooting was scheduled to start in April.
She was born in 19 August 1939, the daughter of Curt Carlson, who founded the company in 1938. She received a bachelor's degree from Smith College in 1961.
At the time Page conceived of BackRub, the Web comprised an estimated 10 million documents, with an untold number of links between them. The computing resources required to crawl such a beast were well beyond the usual bounds of a student project. Unaware of exactly what he was getting into, Page began building out his crawler. The idea's complexity and scale lured Brin to the job. A polymath who had jumped from project to project without settling on a thesis topic, he found the premise behind BackRub fascinating. "I talked to lots of research groups" around the school, Brin recalls, "and this was the most exciting project, both because it tackled the Web, which represents human knowledge, and because I liked Larry."
Rêve de la Mère: a statue erected in 2010 dedicated to the Boat people and refugees from the Vietnam War. Bussy-Saint-Georges is home to a significant Vietnamese population, and the statue is a symbol for Vietnamese refugees seeing France as a free nation and is a reminder for French-born Vietnamese of their ancestral roots and culture.
Even though Page's new model was unsustainable and led to disgruntlement among the affected employees, his issue with engineers being managed by non-engineering staff gained traction more broadly. Eventually, the practice of only instating engineers into the management roles of engineering teams was established as a standard across Silicon Valley.
SBI Route 72 originally ran from Lanark to Starks. It was extended east in 1937 and 1938 to East Dundee, and then to Chicago. In 1968, the designation of IL 72 was truncated back to IL 43 (Harlem Avenue), lopping off 10.5 miles (16.9 km). In 1982, it was shortened again, this time to Illinois Route 73.
In July 2017, M. Hugues Rondeau, who has been the mayor from 1998 until 2014, was considered as guilty by French justice for illegal taking of interest and condemned to six months of suspended prison, payment of 60.000 euros for damage and interest, and ineligibility for five years .
The designs of Barron and Chubb were based on the use of movable levers, but Joseph Bramah, a prolific inventor, developed an alternative method in 1784. His lock used a cylindrical key with precise notches along the surface; these moved the metal slides that impeded the turning of the bolt into an exact alignment, allowing the lock to open. The lock was at the limits of the precision manufacturing capabilities of the time and was said by its inventor to be unpickable. In the same year Bramah started the Bramah Locks company at 124 Piccadilly, and displayed the "Challenge Lock" in the window of his shop from 1790, challenging "...the artist who can make an instrument that will pick or open this lock" for the reward of £200. The challenge stood for over 67 years until, at the Great Exhibition of 1851, the American locksmith Alfred Charles Hobbs was able to open the lock and, following some argument about the circumstances under which he had opened it, was awarded the prize. Hobbs' attempt required some 51 hours, spread over 16 days.
Page and Brin used the former's basic HTML programming skills to set up a simple search page for users, as they did not have a web page developer to create anything visually elaborate. They also began using any computer part they could find to assemble the necessary computing power to handle searches by multiple users. As their search engine grew in popularity among Stanford users, it required additional servers to process the queries. In August 1996, the initial version of Google, still on the Stanford University website, was made available to Internet users.
The glycerol-3-phosphate shuttle is a mechanism that regenerates NAD+ from NADH, a by-product of glycolysis. Its importance in transporting reducing equivalents is secondary to the malate-aspartate shuttle.
The three species in Otospermophilus are listed below. These are the same species that were previously grouped in the subgenus Otospermophilus.
BackRub already exhibited the rudimentary functions and characteristics of a search engine: a query input was entered and it provided a list of backlinks ranked by importance. Page recalled: "We realized that we had a querying tool. It gave you a good overall ranking of pages and ordering of follow-up pages." Page said that in mid-1998 they finally realized the further potential of their project: "Pretty soon, we had 10,000 searches a day. And we figured, maybe this is really real."
The sidebar lock operates using fins on a radial key that actuate sidebars that align with a cylindrical code bar within the lock. This is a new type of master key technology developed by the Australian Lock Company. The keys and the code bar are cut using a computer numerical control (CNC) machine.
if we see it as a process of social self-institution where there is no divinely or 'objectively' defined code of human conduct, such guarantees are by definition ruled out. Therefore, the replacement of the market economy by a new institutional framework of inclusive democracy constitutes only the necessary condition for a harmonious relation between the natural and social worlds. The sufficient condition refers to the citizens' level of ecological consciousness. Still, the radical change in the dominant social paradigm that would follow the institution of an inclusive democracy, combined with the decisive role that paedeia will play in an environmentally-friendly institutional framework, could reasonably be expected to lead to a radical change in the human attitude towards Nature.
The boys' lacrosse team won the overall state championship in 1979 (defeating Montclair High School in the final game of the toournament) and 1982 (vs. West Morris Central High School).
During the 19th century, the town was in the county of Lagny, with a population from 500 to 550 inhabitants. Two ordinances, 6 June 1826 and 15 August 1827 reduced the territory of Bussy in favour of the territories of Ferrières and Jossigny.
During her stint on the Thunderbolts team, her powers have grown. She is now fast enough to match the Speed Demon in hand-to-hand, and is described as being 'the living embodiment of action'. After turning on her teammates, she was subdued and was last seen in prison.
During the late 1960s and early 1970s, Coburn cultivated an image synonymous with "cool", and along with such contemporaries as Lee Marvin, Steve McQueen, and Charles Bronson became one of the prominent "tough-guy" actors of his day.
Alba Lucía Riquelme Valenzuela (born February 5, 1991 in Asunción, Paraguay) is a Paraguayan model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universo Paraguay 2011 and represented her country in the 2011 Miss Universe pageant. She is not related to fellow Paraguayan model, Larissa Riquelme.
In a playing career that spanned eighteen years, Sohail played in 195 first-class and 261 List A Limited Overs matches, including 47 Test matches and 156 One Day Internationals for Pakistan.
Endowed with godly powers, Shree Hanuman was a military leader of the monkey army from Kiskinda, who aided Lord Rama in his quest to retrieve his kidnapped wife Sita from the demon king Ravanna in the Hindu epic tale Ramayana, written by the Hindu sage Valmiki.
The Medlycott Baronetcy, of Ven House in the County of Somerset, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. It was created on 3 October 1808 for William Medlycott, Member of Parliament for Milborne Port from 1790 to 1791. The family descended from James Medlycott, of Ven House, who represented Milborne Port in the House of Commons between 1710 and 1722. His son Thomas Medlycott (Member of Parliament for Milborne Port from 1747 to 1763) died without surviving male issue in 1763 and left his estates to his maternal nephew Thomas Hutchings, who adopted the surname of Medlycott. His son was the first Baronet.
Glaser's work often focuses on contemporary culture, politics, and ideology, and "exposes other people's polemical strategies, particularly when they are concealed or disavowed; presented as self-evident fact." Glaser has written reports and articles for the New Economics Foundation and the Institute for Public Policy Research.She is on the management committee of the Compass think tank. She is Senior Lecturer in Creative Writing at Bath Spa University and an Associate Research Fellow at Birkbeck, University of London. In 2017 Glaser will be a Visiting Fellow of St. Catherine's College, Oxford University.
He founded a museum in Managua in 1970 named "Museo-Galeria 904". The museum's collection encompassed the arts of Nicaragua from pre-Hispanic to contemporary. In the earthquake of December. 1972, D'León's museum and studio were partly destroyed and later ransacked, vandalized and robbed. After the Sandinistas took power in Nicaragua, he moved to Camarillo, California .
Gaius Sabucius Maior Caecilianus was a Roman senator who held a series of positions in the imperial service. His service was capped with the suffect consulship in 186 with Valerius Senecio as his colleague.
In the same period, Johnson won commissions to coordinate the master plan of Lincoln Center, New York City's new arts center, and to design that complex's New York State Theater, built in a massive and unadorned modernist style. He also undertook his first foreign commission, the modernist art museum in Bielefeld, Germany, with a modernist facade clad in dark red stone, and a modernist colonnade of slender pillars. (1968).
Schyrleus was a determined anticopernican. In the foreword of its book, which includes a dedication to Jesus Christ and Ferdinand III, Schyrleus boldly declared that after having meditated for a long time on the systems of Ptolemy, Copernicus, Tycho Brahe, and other astronomers, he was convinced that all of these scientists had advanced superfluous theories. He dedicated the moons of Jupiter to Pope Urban VIII, calling them Astres Urbanoctavianes. He also wrote that Saturn had two "companions," and that they were periodically eclipsed by the planet. He deduced that they had their own independent orbits, and that they illuminated Saturn, which needed light as it was a hundred times less lit by the sun than the Earth.[3] He tells us that in 1642, in Cologne, he saw pass in front of the Sun a troop (turnam) of shooting stars that followed one another during a period fourteen days, and that the glare of the Sun was considerably weakened by it.
An order for 18 production aircraft designated OJ-2 was placed in March 1932, and two more orders followed, one in May 1933 for nine aircraft and a further 12 aircraft in December 1933 for use by reserve units.
Carpenter and his crew persuaded the city to shut off the electricity to ten blocks at a time at night. The film was shot from August to November 1980. It was a tough and demanding shoot for the filmmaker as he recalls. "We'd finish shooting at about 6 am and I'd just be going to sleep at 7 when the sun would be coming up. I'd wake up around 5 or 6 pm, depending on whether or not we had dailies, and by the time I got going, the sun would be setting. So for about two and a half months I never saw daylight, which was really strange." The gladiatorial fight to the death scene between Snake and Slag (played by professional wrestler Ox Baker) was filmed in the Grand Hall at St. Louis Union Station. Russell has stated, "That day was a nightmare. All I did was swing a [spiked] bat at that guy and get swung at in return. He threw a trash can in my face about five times ... I could have wound up in pretty bad shape." In addition to shooting on location in St. Louis, Carpenter shot parts of the film in Los Angeles. Various interior scenes were shot on a sound stage; the final scenes were shot at the Sepulveda Dam, in Sherman Oaks. New York served as a location, as did Atlanta, to use their futuristic-looking rapid-transit system. In New York City, Carpenter persuaded federal officials to grant access to Liberty Island. "We were the first film company in history allowed to shoot on Liberty Island at the Statue of Liberty at night. They let us have the whole island to ourselves. We were lucky. It wasn't easy to get that initial permission. They'd had a bombing three months earlier and were worried about trouble".
As of 2000, there were 811 people who were single and never married in the municipality. There were 1,079 married individuals, 158 widows or widowers and 80 individuals who are divorced.
On February 4, 1974, 19-year-old Hearst was kidnapped from her Berkeley, California, apartment. She was beaten and lost consciousness during the abduction. Shots were fired from a machine gun during the incident. An urban guerrilla group called the Symbionese Liberation Army (SLA) claimed responsibility for the abduction.
Fatal Encounters, 2014: Roughly yearlong series focused on the six specific areas of “When law enforcement kills,” this series and the accompanying Fatal Encounters website brought national attention to the current editor, D. Brian Burghart, who appeared on The Daily Show and whose writings and research were featured in Gawker and other news outlets
After a short break, Reynolds toured again with Matthews as a duo in 2003. Reynolds and Matthews then reprised their duo shows as an opening act for the Dave Matthews & Friends tour in 2003 and early 2004. They played several shows together in 2006 and 2007. Reynolds joined Matthews on a mini-tour of Europe in February and March 2007. On 14 August 2007, Matthews and Reynolds released a live CD/DVD set, Live at Radio City, including the songs "Stay or Leave", "Gravedigger", "Cornbread", and "Dancing Nancies," among others. It also includes two of Reynolds' own songs; "You are My Sanity" and "Betrayal". The Radio City show was also released in high definition on Blu-ray Disc.
April 1, 1889 - Prior to the town and village status activated, Kita-Amabe District founded the town of Usuki and Saganoseki, as well as 25 villages.
He became professor for Old Testament, Hebrew, and Greek at the University of Buenos Aires, the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and then until his retirement at the Waldensian Theological Seminary and at the Sapienza. Among other things he was a fellow at Princeton Theological Seminary, at St John's College, Cambridge and at the Hebrew University. He lectured widely and published various articles and books. He was a member of the editorial board of Henoch, Vetus Testamentum and of Zeitschrift für die Alttestamentliche Wissenschaft.
Woodruff produced this album in the same way he produced the five previous albums . The 14-track album includes collaborations with Eric Rachmany of Rebelution, Slightly Stoopid, KBong, and Collie Buddz.
There are 67 state parks, nine state recreation areas, nine state waysides, and 23 state trails in the Minnesota state park system, totaling approximately 267,000 acres (1,080 km2). A Minnesota state park is an area of land in the U.S. state of Minnesota preserved by the state for its natural, historic, or other resources. Each was created by an act of the Minnesota Legislature and is maintained by the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources. The Minnesota Historical Society operates sites within some of them. The park system began in 1891 with Itasca State Park when a state law was adopted to "maintain intact, forever, a limited quantity of the domain of this commonwealth...in a state of nature." Minnesota's state park system is the second oldest in the United States, after New York's.
The large-frame Lightning (also called the "Express Model") was manufactured between 1887 and 1894. Colt records indicate 6,496 were made in different big game calibers such as .38-55 Winchester and .50-95 Express. Barrel length was 22 or 28 in (56 or 71 cm).
The quarry tips appear in the No Quarter: Jimmy Page and Robert Plant Unledded video when Jimmy Page and Robert Plant, formerly of Led Zeppelin, performed there with their band in August 1994.
Another distinguishing feature of ID is its distinction between basic and non-basic needs. Remuneration is according to need for basic needs, and according to effort for non-basic needs. ID is based on the principle that meeting basic needs is a fundamental human right which is guaranteed to all who are in a physical condition to offer a minimal amount of work. By contrast,Fotopoulos argues, Parecon follows the socialdemocratic rather than the anarcho-communist tradition and instead of proposing satisfaction according to need (as the ID project does) declares, first, that particular consumption needs such as health care or public parks will be free to all and, second, that as regards special needs, people will be able to make particular requests for need based consumption to be addressed case by case by others in the economy. In fact, Michael Albert explicitly states that what he calls 'norm four', i.e. 'remuneration according to each person's need' should be applied only in exceptional cases of basic needs and not to all needs defined as such by the citizens' assemblies, as the Inclusive Democracy project declares. Thus, as Albert stresses: "beyond economic justice, we have our compassion, to be applied via norm four where appropriate such as in cases of illness, catastrophe, incapacity and so on".
These are the official results of the Men's 5000 metres event at the 1999 IAAF World Championships in Seville, Spain. There were a total number of 37 participating athletes, with two qualifying heats and the final held on Saturday 28 August 1999 at 21:30h.
In August 2011, Page announced that Google would spend $12.5 billion to acquire Motorola Mobility. The purchase was primarily motivated by Google's need to secure patents to protect Android from lawsuits by companies including Apple Inc. Page wrote on Google's official blog on August 15, 2011 that "companies including Microsoft and Apple are banding together in anti-competitive patent attacks on Android. The United States Department of Justice had to intervene in the results of one recent patent auction to "protect competition and innovation in the open source software community"... Our acquisition of Motorola will increase competition by strengthening Google’s patent portfolio, which will enable us to better protect Android from anti-competitive threats from Microsoft, Apple and other companies".
She joined the board of Carlson in 1973. After her father's death in 1999, she took over as CEO. She shares ownership of the company with her sister Barbara Carlson Gage.
Kollines (Greek: Κολλίναις) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Skiritida, Arcadia, Greece. It is situated in the green mountains near the border with Laconia. The community consists of the main village Kollines (population 263 in 2011) and the small villages Achouri (pop. 2) and Voutouchos (pop. 2). It is located 1 km east of Agia Varvara, 9 km south of Vlachokerasia and 25 km south of Tripoli.
In 2009 Page began purchasing properties and tearing down homes adjacent to his home in Palo Alto to make room for a large ecohouse. The existing buildings were "deconstructed" and the materials donated for reuse. The ecohouse was designed to "minimize the impact on the environment." Page worked with an arborist to replace some trees that were in poor health with others that used less water to maintain. Page also applied for Green Point Certification, with points given for use of recycled and low or no-VOC (volatile organic compound) materials and for a roof garden with solar panels. The house's exterior features zinc cladding and plenty of windows, including a wall of sliding-glass doors in the rear. It also includes eco-friendly elements such as permeable paving in the parking court and a pervious path through the trees on the property. The 6,000-sq ft house also observes other green home design features such as organic architecture building materials and low volatile organic compound paint.
In 1999, the company announced plans to port the OS to machines such as the Jornada sub-notebook. A number of planned ports did not come to fruition.
Katsikas started his career in the youth ranks of Iraklis. He was brought there, when he was eight years old, by his father, a former player of Iraklis.
The medium-frame Colt Lightning Magazine Rifle was manufactured between 1884 and 1904. It was the first slide-action rifle offered by Colt. Colt records indicate 89,777 were produced, in .32-20, .38-40, and .44-40 as a companion arm to the Colt Single Action Army revolver. Two versions were offered: a rifle with a 26 in (66 cm) barrel and 15-round magazine, and a carbine with a 20 in (51 cm) barrel and 12-round magazine. The San Francisco Police Department acquired 401 rifles. All had 26 in (66 cm) round .44-40 barrels and bore S.F.P 1 through S.F.P 401 stampings on the lower tang.
While distinctive as a species itself, the generic placement of these plants has differed in various botanical treatments. When the genus Cornus is taken broadly, as done here, this species is Cornus canadensis. However, if Cornus is treated in a narrower sense, excluding this species, it can instead be classified as Chamaepericlymenum canadense or as Cornella canadensis.
In a November 2014 interview, Page stated that he prioritized the maintenance of his "deep knowledge" of Google's products and breadth of projects, as it had been a key motivating factor for team members. In relation to his then role as the company's CEO, Page said: "I think my job as CEO—I feel like it’s always to be pushing people ahead."
Nicu Romică Şerban (born January 18, 1970) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed from the early 1990s to the mid-2000s (decade). He won seven medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with five silvers (K-2 200 m: 1994, 1995, 2003; K-4 500 m: 2001, 2003) and two bronzes (K-2 200 m: 1998, K-4 1000 m: 1999).
On May 4, 1974, Headley, along with freelance writer Donald Freed, held a press conference in San Francisco. They presented 400 pages of documentation of their findings, some of which included:
Historically, locksmiths constructed or repaired an entire lock, including its constituent parts. The rise of cheap mass production has made this less common; the vast majority of locks are repaired through like-for-like replacements, high-security safes and strongboxes being the most common exception. Many locksmiths also work on any existing door hardware, including door closers, hinges, electric strikes, and frame repairs, or service electronic locks by making keys for transponder-equipped vehicles and implementing access control systems.
On Neoliberalism: An Interview with Takis Fotopoulos. This 13-parts video deals with the rise of the neoliberal phase of modernity (mid 70s – now) and the consequent emergence of Neoliberal Globalisation, which was established formally in UK with the rise of Thatcherism and in US with the rise of Reaganomics, although the systemic structural trends for it took off much earlier, with the opening of markets and the huge expansion of multinational corporations. (8 May 2009)
Dorinda threatens Gator's former whores to keep them in line. Dorinda offers Gator's competing pimps a deal: whoever kills Truck gets to replace Gator while she runs the stable. The only pimp interested in the violence is Harvard Blue (Kotto). Truck survives several ambushes by Blue's goons.
Shaykh Gibril Haddad is regarded as an accomplished and influential Islamic scholar, hadith expert (muhaddith), religious leader, author, and translator of classical Islamic texts. He holds ijazas from over 150 scholars across the Muslim world and has translated and published over 30 works. In 2009, he was listed amongst the 500 Most Influential Muslims In The World. He has been a teacher on the traditional online Qibla Islamic institute (formerly SunniPath) and is a contributor to the website eshaykh.com, which offers guidance and traditional teachings on various aspects of Islam. He is an editor of the Integrated Encyclopedia of the Qurʾān (IEQ) and is also a visiting fellow at the Sultan Omar Ali Saifuddin Center for Islamic Studies, University Brunei Darussalam.
ACTS Nederland BV continued to use its five 1200 class locomotives in freight and charter service until 2010. Locomotive 1253 was taken out of service in 2003 and was used as a parts donor, while locomotive 1252 was taken out of service in 2007. The remaining three locomotives were withdrawn in 2009-10 by ACTS and all except parts donor 1253 were sold to Euro-Express-Treincharter BV (EETC).
James Sargent described the first successful key-changeable combination lock in 1857. His lock became popular with safe manufacturers and the United States Treasury Department. In 1873, he patented a time lock mechanism, the prototype for those used in contemporary bank vaults.
Clothier Harbor (62°22′S 59°40′W) is a small harbor on the northwest side of Robert Island, 1.5 nautical miles (3 km) northeast of the west end of the island, in the South Shetland Islands. It was named by American sealers in about 1820 after the sealing vessel Clothier, under Captain Alexander Clark, one of the several American sealing vessels headquartered at this harbor during the 1820–21 season. The Clothier went aground here and sank on December 9, 1820.
The worst thing you can do is stop someone from doing something by saying, "No. Period." If you say no, you have to help them find a better way to get it done.
The library also welcomes a large range of activities put in place by the cultural department of the city. Currently, the hours of opening concern the following days: Tuesday from 2pm to 7pm, Wednesday 10am – 12:30am and 2pm to 6pm, Thursday 2pm – 6pm, and Sunday 10am – 12:30am and 2pm – 6pm.
Coburn had a good role in Hell Is for Heroes (1962), a war movie with Steve McQueen. Coburn followed this with another war film with McQueen, The Great Escape (1963), directed by Sturges for the Mirisches; Coburn played an Australian. For the Mirisches, Coburn narrated Kings of the Sun (1963).
The separate existence of the high school began in 1885, when the Trustees decided "that in order to increase the efficiency of the Columbia School a new class of a higher grade shall be formed at the commencement of the coming term to be taught by the Principal." Lower grades continued to be housed at Columbia. The Trustees' minutes of May 31, 1888, reflect the principal's request "that a diploma be voted to Miss Etta A. Kilburn" and that, "on motion, a diploma was voted to Miss Kilburn, the first graduate of the high school.
D'León studied nine years at the Escuela Nacional de Bellas Artes in Nicaragua under its director Rodrigo Peñalba. His early inspiration were the frescos of Pompeii, where he saw the use of cross-hatching and applied this technique to his love of the Impressionist school.
Gary Hart started out as a wrestler in 1960 in Chicago at the Marigold Arena. In the late 1960s, he became a manager called "Playboy" Gary Hart. During the late 1960s, he managed The Spoiler, as well as the tag team duo The Spoilers, which consisted of Spoilers #1 (Don Jardine) and #2 (Smasher Sloan). They won several tag team titles in 1968 and 1969 under Hart's guidance.
Disc 2 concentrates on (post-ska) rocksteady and reggae tracks recorded between 1968 and 1970, such as Toots & the Maytals' "Do the Reggay", "Monkey Man" and "Pressure Drop", as well Jimmy Cliff's "Wonderful World, Beautiful People" and "Many Rivers to Cross. The Slickers' "Johnny Too Bad", like several of the other tracks on this compilation were featured in the movie, The Harder They Come starring Jimmy Cliff, and its soundtrack album. Tony Tribe does a rendition of "Red, Red Wine", originally written and performed by (Neil Diamond), which later became a hit for UB40.
Thor Eisentrager is a founding member and former guitarist for the Minneapolis-based Noise rock-outfit, the Cows. After the release of the Cows's ninth album, Sorry in Pig Minor, Thor announced that he had grown tired of touring and left the band. The remaining members disbanded shortly thereafter. He is currently retired from the music business and works as the assistant director of security for the Minneapolis Institute of Art.
The Minnesota Woman Suffrage Association (MWSA) was an organization devoted to women's suffrage in Minnesota. From 1881 to 1920, the organization struggled to secure women's right to vote. Its members organized marches, wrote petitions and letters, gathered signatures, gave speeches, and published pamphlets and broadsheets to force the Minnesota Legislature to recognize their right to vote. Due to their efforts, the legislature approved the Nineteenth Amendment in 1919.
The artificial market however is rarely advocated as the only element for the allocation of goods and services by its proponents, as most also support a form of directly democratic planning for non-commercial goods and vital resources, and in some cases regulation of the artificial market through planning also. In the ID's system of allocation of resources, "the artificial market complements the envisaged direct democratic planning mechanism in the allocation of all goods and services on the basis of the crucial distinction introduced in this model between basic and nonbasic goods and services".
Harold Edward "Harry" Wright (3 June 1909 – April 1994) was an English professional footballer and manager who played as a goalkeeper in the Football League for Charlton Athletic, Aldershot and Derby County, and managed the India national team between 1963 and 1964.
Taking over a team with only one returning starter, he led the Racers to a 16-14 season and second-place finish in the Ohio Valley Conference. His next two squads won 18 and 19 games, again placing second in the conference regular-season standings, and advanced as far as the OVC tournament semifinals.
Quiet but deadly, Monica Caine literally has not uttered a single word since the spontaneous manifestation of her psionic abilities which she utilized to become indoctrinated in the Bloodpool.
American public schools were all significantly impacted by World War II. In the words of Lt. General Brehon Sommervell, then Commanding General, Services of Supply: "The job of the schools in this total war is to educate the nation's manpower for war and for the peace that follows." Columbia High School met the challenge, primarily with curriculum changes designed to prepare boys for service in the military. The science department developed courses in aeronautics. In biology, students studied the effect of flying on the human body. A new modern history course emphasized the "historical background for an understanding of the forces which have caused this global war, of the necessity of destroying that for which our enemies stand and of the magnitude of the international problems which face the world." Even the music department offered a new program "to train pupils in the informal singing that grows out of wartime needs." Columbia had its own Victory Corps with the objective of encouraging pupils "to take some active part in their own community's war effort while they are yet in school.
Supporters also claim that ID's institutional framework offers the best hope for a better human relationship to nature than could ever be achieved in a market economy, or one based on socialist statism. The factors supporting this view refer to all three elements of an inclusive democracy: political, economic and social.
Full disclosure requires that full details of a security vulnerability are disclosed to the public, including details of the vulnerability and how to detect and exploit it. The theory behind full disclosure is that releasing vulnerability information immediately results in better security. Fixes are produced faster because vendors and authors are forced to respond in order to protect their system from potential attacks as well as to protect their own image. Security is improved because the window of exposure, the amount of time the vulnerability is open to attack, is reduced. The issue of full disclosure was first raised in a 19th-century controversy over the revelation of lock-system weaknesses to the public. According to A. C. Hobbs:
When Goodrem was 15 years old, her first manager Glenn Wheatley signed her to an artist development deal with independent label Empire Records, to see if she possessed potential as a recording artist. Between June 1999 to June 2000, she worked with producers Paul Higgins and Trevor Carter on thirteen tracks for an album called Delta, which saw "an ambitious 15-year-old keen to emulate the pop sound of the Spice Girls, Britney Spears and Mandy Moore." Most tracks were written by Carter, although Goodrem did co-write a couple of tracks including the sole-penned "Love". Goodrem did a photoshoot for the album (some of the photos have surfaced), and recorded a home-made style music video for the song "Say" which has since leaked onto the internet. Higgins took the album to Roadshow, who offered to market and distribute the album, but the deal was knocked back by Goodrem's parents. In September 2000, Goodrem signed to Sony Music and the album was shelved. A year later, Goodrem released her debut single "I Don't Care" and in late 2002, released her breakthrough international hit "Born to Try", with many number ones to follow.
During his tenure at the Mossad, he helped carry out Operation Wrath of God, the Israeli response to the Munich Massacre, and dealt with the lead up and aftermath of the Yom Kippur War in 1973. After the German government refused to accept an Israeli team during the Munich hostage crisis, Zamir was sent to observe any activities. He was at the Fürstenfeldbruck airbase the night that the failed rescue attempt left all nine remaining Israeli hostages dead. Zamir was interviewed about the incident in 1999 when he spoke with the producer of One Day in September, a documentary on the massacre. In it he strongly criticized the German rescue effort for its complete lack of coordination. He had previously been interviewed on this subject for an NBC profile during their coverage of the 1992 Barcelona Olympics, and he has discussed the massacre several times since. Zamir currently resides in Zahala, a neighborhood in the north of Tel Aviv.
Over at Columbia, Coburn was in a swinging sixties heist film, Duffy (1968) which flopped. He was one of several stars who had cameos in Candy (1968) then played a hitman in Hard Contract (1969) for Fox, another flop.
Page is also interested in the socio-economic effects of advanced intelligent systems and how advanced digital technologies can be used to create abundance (as described in Peter Diamandis' book), provide for people's needs, shorten the workweek, and mitigate the potential detrimental effects of technological unemployment.
January 1, 2005 - The town of Saganoseki was merged into the expanded city of Ōita. Kita-Amabe District was dissolved as a result of this merger.
In 1997, while traveling to a peace summit between the United States, China and Russia, Air Force One is hijacked by a domestic terrorist posing as a stewardess. The President is given a tracking bracelet and his briefcase (containing an audiotape describing the secret to using nuclear fusion for power generation) handcuffed to his wrist. He makes it to an escape pod, and lands in Manhattan just before Air Force One crashes, killing everyone else aboard.
On the first anniversary of September 11th, the Sacramento News & Review brought together musical acts from different faith groups around Sacramento for a Call For Unity Event to symbolize the city's acceptance of racial and religious diversity. Every year someone in the region was honored with a Building Unity Award for their interfaith work in Sacramento, until 2008, when the last Call for Unity event was held.
On leaving Colchester in the summer of 1949, Wright was appointed trainer-coach at Guildford City. After qualifying as an FA coach and physiotherapist, Wright would hold coaching positions at Walsall and Luton Town before being appointed head coach of First Division Everton in September 1956.
As of July 2014, the Bloomberg Billionaires Index lists Page as the 17th richest man in the world, with an estimated net worth of $32.7 billion. At the completion of 2014, Fortune magazine named Page its "Businessperson of the Year," declaring him "the world’s most daring CEO".
Rollin' on the River began in 1996 as a community concert series, and has evolved into one of Reno's largest free summer music events. Rollin' on the River is held in Wingfield Park, an island amphitheater on the Truckee River, during the month of July and features both local and regional touring artists.
The Indian social system was influenced by the concept of varna. Varna is not caste and caste is not Varna. This is a critical difference not understood by many. It directly linked religious belief and the segregation of society into status groups. Weber goes on to describe the Varna system (the Brahmins - priests, the Kshatriyas - warriors, the Vaishyas - merchants, the Shudras - laborers and the untouchables).
Garden State (2004): The school is both shown and referenced in this Zach Braff film, which was partly filmed in neighboring South Orange, New Jersey and Millburn, New Jersey.
"Always on Time" is the second single by American rapper Ja Rule from his third studio album, Pain Is Love. The song would feature American R&B singer Ashanti, and was produced by Irv Gotti. The song was written by 7 Aurelius, Ja Rule and Irving Lorenzo. The song became a worldwide hit and was Ashanti's first Hot 100 number one single and Ja Rule's second.
In September 2004, as part of the Continuum 12 artists series, an exhibit of her work opened in New York City and the George Gustav Heye Center of the National Museum of the American Indian. The exhibit included Blanket Stories, a sculpture made of two towers of wool blankets, with each stack sewn together with a central thread. She collected the blankets over several years, including many Hudson's Bay point blankets that were given to Native Americans in trade by the Hudson's Bay Company during the 19th century.
Johnson was born in Cleveland, Ohio, on July 8, 1906, the son of a Cleveland lawyer, Homer H. Johnson. He was descended from the Jansen family of New Amsterdam, and included among his ancestors the Huguenot Jacques Cortelyou, who laid out the first town plan of New Amsterdam for Peter Stuyvesant. He attended the Hackley School, in Tarrytown, New York, and then studied as an undergraduate at Harvard University where he focused on learning Greek, philology, history and philosophy, particularly the work of the Pre-Socratic philosophers. Upon completing his studies in 1927, he made a series of trips to Europe, visiting the landmarks of classical and Gothic architecture, and joined Henry-Russell Hitchcock, a prominent architectural historian, who was introducing Americans to the work of Le Corbusier, Walter Gropius, and other modernists. In 1928 he met German architect Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, who was at the time designing the German Pavilion for the 1929 Barcelona International Exposition. The meeting formed the basis for a lifelong relationship of both collaboration and competition
Moreover, many hundreds of hybrids and cultivars have been developed for garden use, among them the very popular "Highclere holly", Ilex × altaclerensis (I. aquifolium × I. perado) and the "blue holly", Ilex × meserveae (I. aquifolium × I. rugosa). Hollies are often used for hedges; the spiny leaves make them difficult to penetrate, and they take well to pruning and shaping.
In 2016, a partnership with the North Valley Community Foundation, and matching small community donations, has helped support investigative journalism in Butte County, California.
From the name of his grandson C. Sabucius Maior Plotinus Faustinus, who set up an inscription in his memory, it is clear his gentilicum is "Sabucius Maior". "Sabucius" is a rare Etruscan nomen (Anthony Birley provides two other known individuals of that gens), suggesting his origins lay in Italy and not one of the provinces.
The Palace brand was founded around 2011 in England, United Kingdom by Lev Tanju, who was part of a London-based skate crew known as the Palace Wayward Boys Choir. Tanju enlisted the assistance of friends like graphic designer Fergus "Fergadelic" Purcell (also design director at Marc by Marc Jacobs) and photographer Will Bankhead to launch the brand. Tanju explained in 2014: "I just wanted to make some skateboards that looked nice and skated nice."
Hearst reported "I spent fifteen hours going over my SLA experiences with Dr. Robert Jay Lifton of Yale University. Dr. Lifton, author of several books on coercive persuasion and thought reform, ... pronounced me a 'classic case' which met all the psychological criteria of a coerced prisoner of war. ... If I had reacted differently, that would have been suspect, he said."
Haddad initially followed the Hanafi school of Sunni jurisprudence after his conversion to Islam but later adopted the Shafi'i school of Sunni jurisprudence. He stated he did so because: 1. He found it easier to study due to Shaykh Nuh Keller’s Reliance of the Traveler; 2. He found it more logical to practice because it is the main school of jurisprudence in Lebanon and because it is the school his wife follows and; 3. The founder of the school, Imam Shafi'i, was a member of the Quraysh tribe (the tribe of Muhammad) and Muhammad had told his followers to hold fast to the Quran and the members of his household.
In Tombstone, Wyatt finds out that Ike Clanton is trying to herd thousands of head of rustled Mexican cattle but cannot as long as the Earps control Tombstone's railway station. Morgan Earp (DeForest Kelley) criticizes his brother's association with Holliday, but Wyatt insists the gunslinger is welcome in Tombstone as long as he stays out of trouble. Cotton, the cowardly county sheriff from Fort Griffin, offers Wyatt a $20,000 bribe (about $507,000 today) if he allows the stolen cattle to be shipped, but Wyatt refuses. He rides out to the Clanton ranch, returning young Billy Clanton (Dennis Hopper) to his mother after finding Billy drunk. Wyatt informs Ike that he has been made a U.S. Marshal and has legal authority in every county in the United States. Finding no recourse, the Clantons decide to ambush Wyatt as he makes his nightly rounds, but kill his younger brother James Earp (Martin Milner) by mistake.
The Armistice of Salonica (also known as the Armistice of Thessalonica) was signed on 29 September 1918 between Bulgaria and the Allied Powers in Thessaloniki. The convention followed after a request by the Bulgarian government on 24 September asking for a ceasefire. The armistice effectively ended Bulgaria's participation in World War I on the side of the Central Powers and came into effect on the Bulgarian front at noon on 30 September. The armistice regulated the demobilization and disarmament of the Bulgarian armed forces.
Page is an investor in Tesla Motors. He has invested in renewable energy technology, and with the help of Google.org, Google's philanthropic arm, promotes the adoption of plug-in hybrid electric cars and other alternative energy investments.
... I do think the Internet’s under much greater attack than it has been in the past. Governments are now afraid of the Internet because of the Middle East stuff, and so they’re a little more willing to listen to what I see as a lot of commercial interests that just want to make money by restricting people’s freedoms. But they’ve also seen a tremendous user reaction, like the backlash against SOPA. I think that governments fight users’ freedoms at their own peril.
They are extremely important food for numerous species of birds, and also are eaten by other wild animals. In the autumn and early winter the fruits are hard and apparently unpalatable. After being frozen or frosted several times, the fruits soften, and become milder in taste. During winter storms, birds often take refuge in hollies, which provide shelter, protection from predators (by the spiny leaves), and food. The flowers are sometimes eaten by the larva of the double-striped pug moth (Gymnoscelis rufifasciata). Other Lepidoptera whose larvae feed on holly include Bucculatrix ilecella, which feeds exclusively on hollies, and the engrailed (Ectropis crepuscularia).
The Delta Goodrem unreleased tapes dispute involves unreleased material recorded by Australian singer-songwriter Delta Goodrem in 1999 and 2000. Goodrem recorded thirteen tracks for an album given the working title Delta while signed to an artist development deal with the small independent label Empire Records. In 2004, after Goodrem had achieved mainstream success, Empire's owners attempted to shop the recordings to other labels, though Goodrem objected. The dispute led to a lawsuit, which was settled in mediation to the effect that the recordings would remain unreleased.
David Javerbaum (class of 1989), writer and producer; head writer for The Daily Show, writer for The Onion, David Letterman and his own theatrical productions, first runner-up in 1988 Jeopardy! Teen Tournament.
Weber discussed what influence Hinduism and Buddhism had on the mundane activities, and how they impacted the economy. He noted the idea of unchanging world order consisting of the eternal cycles of rebirth, and the deprecation of mundane world. By the traditionalism of the Varna system supported by the dharma, the economic development is slowed as, - according to Weber - the "spirit" of the varna system worked against the development of capitalism.
The tower, the only vestige of the lord’s castle of de Buci, a fortress offering a strategic refuge dominating the valleys de la Brosse and de la Gondoire, dated from 12th century. The current place de Verdun is on the previous location of the castle, which was surrounded by the ditches filled with water by the same source of a fountain which still exists in the place du marché. The graveyard, in the north of the tower, beyond the fortifications, was discovered during a private house building in 1960. The tower is 21 meters high and 9 meters large.
William Joseph Kennedy, Jr. (born February 2, 1964) is the head men's basketball coach at Texas A&M University. He took over the position vacated by Mark Turgeon in May 2011. He previously held the same position at Murray State University for five seasons.
After the War he became Commander of the Penang Sub-Area and of 74th Indian Infantry Brigade in Malaya. He was appointed Commander of 72nd Indian Infantry Brigade in 1946, Commandant of the School of Combined Operations in 1947 and Commander of 151st Northumberland and Durham Light Infantry Brigade in 1949. He went on to be Commander of the British Military Mission to Greece in 1951 and General Officer Commanding the South Malaya District and 17th Gurkha Division and Major General commanding the Brigade of Gurkhas in 1952 before he retired in 1955.
Before Silicon Valley's two most prominent investors, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, agreed to invest a combined total of $50 million into Google, they applied pressure on Page to step down as CEO so that a more experienced leader could build a "world-class management team." Page eventually became amenable to the idea after meeting with other technology CEOs, including Steve Jobs and Intel’s Andrew Grove. Eric Schmidt, who had been hired as Chairman of Google in March 2001, left his full-time position as the CEO of Novell to take on the same role at Google in August of the same year, and Page moved aside to assume the President of Products role.
The 1200 class was retired by the NS in 1998. Locomotives 1201, 1202 and 1211 were obtained for preservation by the Stichting Klassieke Locomotieven group (1201) and the Dutch Railway Museum (1202 and 1211). A further five locomotives, numbers 1214, 1215, 1218, 1221 and 1225, were bought by the Dutch freight operator ACTS Nederland BV in 1999 and were renumbered to 1251–1255.
In 1820, Jeremiah joined his brother Charles in starting their own lock company, Chubb. Chubb made various improvements to his lock: his 1824 improved design didn't require a special regulator key to reset the lock; by 1847 his keys used six levers rather than four; and he later introduced a disc that allowed the key to pass but narrowed the field of view, hiding the levers from anybody attempting to pick the lock. The Chubb brothers also received a patent for the first burglar-resisting safe and began production in 1835.
The botija (botijuela; bunga) is a Caribbean musical instrument of the aerophone type. The botija is a potbellied earthenware jug or jar with two openings and was used in the early son sextetos in Cuba as a bass instrument.
In accordance with a more cohesive team environment, Page declared a new "zero tolerance for fighting" policy that contrasted with his approach during the early days of Google, when he would use his harsh and intense arguments with Brin as an exemplar for senior management. Page had changed his thinking during his time away from the CEO role, as he eventually arrived at the conclusion that his greatly ambitious goals required a harmonious team dynamic. As part of Page's collaborative rejuvenation process, Google's products and applications were consolidated and underwent an aesthetic overhaul.
Carvajal appeared in 45 matches in his first season and scored twice, in the league against Rayo Vallecano and CA Osasuna. He added 120 minutes in the Champions League final, a 4–1 triumph over Atlético Madrid.
The Kids Society Forgot, 1990: Multi-story issue on the foster-care system, illuminating the lives of 700 Butte County children who were taken away from their parents
Fotopoulos, Takis (2005). The Multidimensional Crisis and Inclusive Democracy]. International Journal of Inclusive Democracy. (English translation of a book under the same title published in Greek, Athens: Gordios, 2005.)
Agnieszka Osiecka (9 October 1936 – 7 March 1997) was a poet, writer, author of theatre and television screenplays, film director and journalist. She was a prominent Polish songwriter, having authored the lyrics to more than 2000 songs, and is considered an icon of Polish culture.
For the 1992−93 school year, Columbia High School received the National Blue Ribbon Award of Excellence from the United States Department of Education, the highest honor that an American school can achieve.
In Fort Griffin, Texas, Ed Bailey (Lee Van Cleef) comes looking to avenge the death of his brother at the hands of gunslinger John H. "Doc" Holliday (Kirk Douglas). Seeing him in a bar, Holliday's girl, Kate Fisher (Jo Van Fleet), returns to Holliday's room, where the two argue—while Holliday throws knives at the wall—once she brings up Holliday's once-prominent family. At the same time, well-known marshal Wyatt Earp (Burt Lancaster) arrives in Fort Griffin thinking he will take outlaws Ike Clanton (Lyle Bettger) and Johnny Ringo (John Ireland) into custody, but instead finds out that the local sheriff, Cotton Wilson (Frank Faylen), released them despite the outstanding warrants for their arrest. Holliday refuses to help the lawman, holding a grudge against Wyatt's brother, Morgan (DeForest Kelley). Holliday kills Bailey with a knife-throw when Bailey attempts to shoot him in the back. Holliday is arrested for murder, though Wyatt and Kate allow him to escape from a lynch mob.
The FTC robotics team 4102, founded in 2011, placed first in the New Jersey FTC state championships during its rookie year in 2011 and again in 2013, qualifying for the FTC World Championship both times and placing as a finalist both years. The team returned to the World Championship in 2017.
Korjenkov is a member of the Kyrgyz Institute of Seismology and the Kyrgyz Academy of Sciences. One of his papers is based on his geological research into the Chong-Kemin Valley, entitled, "Long-Term Preservation of Paleoseismic Deformations as a Tool for Revealing Traces of Ancient Seismic Catastrophes".
The house is a 56 foot by 32 foot glass rectangle, sited at the edge of a crest on Johnson's estate overlooking a pond. The building's sides are glass and charcoal-painted steel; the floor, of brick, is not flush with the ground but sits 10 inches above. The interior is an open space divided by low walnut cabinets; a brick cylinder contains the bathroom and is the only object to reach floor to ceiling. The New York Times described it in 2005 as "one of the 20th century's greatest residential structures. "Like all of Johnson's early work, it was inspired by Mies, but its pure symmetry, dark colors and closeness to the earth marked it as a personal statement; calm and ordered rather than sleek and brittle."
In 1986 Johnson and Burgee had moved their offices into one of their new buildings, the Lipstick building, the popular name of the skyscraper they built at 885 Third Avenue in New York, and given its nickname because of its resemblance to the color and shape of a stick of lipstick. Burgee, who wanted to play a larger role in the firm negotiated a smaller part for Johnson, and in 1988 the firm's name was changed to John Burgee Architects with Philip as the design consultant. By 1991 Johnson had split with Burgee and opened up his own practice.
In late spring to midsummer, white flowers are produced that are 2 mm (0.079 inches) in diameter with reflexed petals that are ovate-lanceolate in shape and 1.5–2 cm (5⁄8–3⁄4 inch) long. Inflorescences are made up of compound terminal cymes, with large showy white bracts that resemble petals. The bracts are broadly ovate and 0.8 to 1.2 cm (5⁄16 to 1⁄2 inch) long and 0.5 to 1.1 cm (3⁄16 to 7⁄16 inch) wide, with 7 parallel running veins. The lower nodes on the stem have greatly reduced rudimentary leaves. The calyx tube is obovate in shape and 1 mm long, covered with densely pubescent hairs along with grayish white appressed trichomes. Stamens are very short, being 1 mm long. The anthers are yellowish white in color, narrowly ovoid in shape. The styles are 1 mm long and glabrous. Plants are for the most part self-sterile and dependent on pollinators for sexual reproduction. Pollinators include bumblebees, solitary bees, beeflies, and syrphid flies. The fruits look like berries but are drupes.
Charlie Bassett was Wyatt's boss in Dodge City. The film portrays the relationship as the other way around. Bassett and Wyatt Earp were nearly the same age. The film portrays Bassett as a younger man compared to Wyatt.
Illinois 72 is called Higgins Road for most of its length in the Chicago area, and has been redirected in parts of the area to accommodate for new features. Near Rosemont, the road has been shifted to make way for O'Hare International Airport — further east, parts of the road have been moved to make room for the Northwest Tollway (Interstate 90). The road serves as a major six-lane thoroughfare for several western suburbs, including Schaumburg, Elk Grove Village, and Hoffman Estates.
The small-frame Lightning (also referred to as "Second Model Colt Lightning") was the first rimfire rifle made by Colt and was manufactured between 1887 and 1904 as a plinking and gallery gun. Colt records indicate 89,912 were made, in .22 Short and .22 Long. Barrel length was 24 in (61 cm) and the rifles had a blued finish, case-hardened hammer, and a walnut stock.
Kursk is an upcoming English-language French-Belgian drama film directed by Thomas Vinterberg based on Robert Moore’s book A Time to Die, about the true story of the 2000 Kursk submarine disaster. It stars Matthias Schoenaerts, Colin Firth, Léa Seydoux, Peter Simonischek, Max von Sydow, Matthias Schweighöfer and Michael Nyqvist (in his final film role).
In the mid-1970s the school district was sued for teaching Transcendental Meditation and its Science of Creative Intelligence course for credit. The U.S. District Court ruled in the case called, Malnak v. Yogi (1979), that TM was "religious in nature" and that its use in public schools was in violation of the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment to the United States Constitution which requires "separation of church and state."
Buzzy Hellring (d. 1971, class of 1970), key developer of Ultimate who was killed in an auto accident his freshman year at Princeton University.
Marilyn Carlson Nelson (born 19 August 1939) is an American businesswoman, the co-owner of Carlson, a hotel and travel company, and its former chairman and CEO.
Her first lawyer, Terence Hallinan, had advised Hearst not to talk to anyone, including psychiatrists. He advocated a defense of involuntary intoxication: that the SLA had given her drugs that affected her judgment and recollection. Her new lawyer, F. Lee Bailey, asserted a defense of coercion or duress affecting intent at the time of the offense—the so-called "Stockholm syndrome"—this was similar to the brainwashing-type excuse that Hallinan had warned was not a defense in law. Hearst gave long interviews to various psychiatrists.
The pin tumbler lock uses a set of pins to prevent the lock from opening unless the correct key is inserted. The key has a series of grooves on either side of the key's blade that limit the type of lock the key can slide into. As the key slides into the lock, the horizontal grooves on the blade align with the wards in the keyway allowing or denying entry to the cylinder. A series of pointed teeth and notches on the blade, called bittings, then allow pins to move up and down until they are in line with the shear line of the inner and outer cylinder, allowing the cylinder or cam to rotate freely and the lock to open.
Plas Aberllefenni (also known as "Y Plas") was a mediaeval manor house, but the older section was demolished in the 1960s and only a later wing is still standing.
The Board of Education initially responded by constructing a sizable addition to the old Columbia School in 1910, which building still housed primary school children as well as high school students. Seth Boyden School and the old Fielding School were erected in 1913 and 1914, respectively. By the fall of 1922 Marshall School was completed. First Street School followed the next spring, and Jefferson School opened in January 1924. Later that year the junior high schools were organized, and both the Tuscan and Montrose buildings were finished.
In 2008 the total number of full-time equivalent jobs was 913. The number of jobs in the primary sector was 160, of which 152 were in agriculture and 8 were in forestry or lumber production. The number of jobs in the secondary sector was 196 of which 81 or (41.3%) were in manufacturing, 2 or (1.0%) were in mining and 113 (57.7%) were in construction. The number of jobs in the tertiary sector was 557. In the tertiary sector; 97 or 17.4% were in wholesale or retail sales or the repair of motor vehicles, 25 or 4.5% were in the movement and storage of goods, 250 or 44.9% were in a hotel or restaurant, 11 or 2.0% were the insurance or financial industry, 17 or 3.1% were technical professionals or scientists, 40 or 7.2% were in education and 3 or 0.5% were in health care.
Minnesota's first attempt to create a state park came in 1885, when a 173-acre (70 ha) park was authorized to preserve Minnehaha Falls. The effort was delayed by legal appeals from the various landowners of the desired parkland, and by the time those were settled in favor of the state in 1889, Minnesota no longer had the money to purchase the land. Instead the city of Minneapolis fronted the cash. Owned and operated by Minneapolis, Minnehaha State Park was ultimately absorbed as a city park.
While Google is often thought of as the invention of two young computer whizzes—Sergey and Larry, Larry and Sergey—the truth is that Google is a creation of Larry Page, helped along by Sergey Brin.
Holly – more specifically the European holly, Ilex aquifolium – is commonly referenced at Christmas time, and is often referred to by the name Christ's thorn. In many Western Christian cultures, holly is a traditional Christmas decoration, used especially in wreaths and illustrations, for instance on Christmas cards. Since medieval times the plant has carried a Christian symbolism, as expressed in the well-known Christian Christmas carol "The Holly and the Ivy", in which the holly represents Jesus and the ivy represents the Virgin Mary. Angie Mostellar discusses the Christian use of holly at Christmas, stating that:
At least 70 of Google's products, features and services were eventually shut down by March 2013, while the appearance and nature of the remaining ones were unified. Jon Wiley, lead designer of Google Search at the time, codenamed Page's redesign overhaul, which officially commenced on April 4, 2011, "Project Kennedy," based on Page's use of the term "moonshots" to describe ambitious projects in a January 2013 Wired interview. An initiative named "Kanna" previously attempted to create a uniform design aesthetic for Google's range of products, but it was too difficult at that point in the company's history for one team to drive such change. Matias Duarte, senior director of the Android user experience at the time that "Kennedy" started, explained in 2013 that "Google passionately cares about design." Page proceeded to consult with the Google Creative Lab design team, based in New York City, to find an answer to his question of what a "cohesive vision" of Google might look like.
In December 2015, the News & Review, in partnership with Sacramento's local Habitat for Humanity, began a Build for Unity project, where Muslims, Christians, and other faith groups came together to build Habitat houses, in part as a response to the anti-Muslim rhetoric of national politics. The project was funded in large part by generous donations from a wide range of faith groups.
He was Commander of the Compagnie of Viggiano, Aosta and Genova Portoria . He worked at the Investigative Nucleus in Turin with significant commitments to countering terrorism and kidnapping.
By the late 1970s, student populations around the nation had entered what proved to be a period of extended numerical decline. The Board of Education organized a citizen Educational Task Force, which conducted a District-wide demographic study and ultimately recommended a series of school closings and consolidations. One of the results was the entry of the 9th grade into the high school in 1980. Declining enrollment, as well as cost considerations, led to the discontinuance of the House Plan in 1982.
Louise Tracy Freeman (born 5 January 1962), better known as Tracy Spencer, is a British Italo disco singer and actress. Born in London, she is best known for the song "Run to Me", which won the 1986 Festivalbar and was #1 on the Italian hit parade.
The genus Ilex is widespread throughout the temperate and subtropical regions of the world. It includes species of trees, shrubs, and climbers, with evergreen or deciduous foliage and inconspicuous flowers. Its range was more extended in the Tertiary period and many species are adapted to laurel forest habitat. It occurs from sea level to more than 2,000 metres (6,600 ft) with high mountain species. It is a genus of small, evergreen trees with smooth, glabrous, or pubescent branchlets. The plants are generally slow-growing with some species growing to 25 m (82 ft) tall. The type species is the European holly Ilex aquifolium described by Linnaeus.
Kennedy is a 1986 graduate of Southeastern Louisiana and 1984 graduate of Delgado Community College in New Orleans. He played basketball and attended Holy Cross High School in New Orleans.
For economic democracy to be feasible, three preconditions must be satisfied: Demotic self-reliance, demotic ownership of the means of production, and confederal allocation of resources.
The film's setting proved to be a potential problem for Carpenter, who needed to create a decaying, semi-destroyed version of New York City on a shoe-string budget. He and the film's production designer Joe Alves rejected shooting on location in New York City because it would be too hard to make it look like a destroyed city. Carpenter suggested shooting on a movie back lot but Alves nixed that idea "because the texture of a real street is not like a back lot." They sent Barry Bernardi, their location manager (and associate producer), "on a sort of all-expense-paid trip across the country looking for the worst city in America," producer Debra Hill remembers.
In the summer of 2008 he was loaned out to Olympiakos Volos, then playing in Beta Ethniki, to gain first team experience. He debuted for Olympiakos Volos in the opening game of the 2008-09 season, a 0-0 away draw against Pierikos. He even managed to score for Olympiakos Volos, to help the club grab an 1-1 home draw against Veria. Until the end of the season he totally featured in 19 matches not managing to score any other goals. After his loan spell in Volos Katsikas returned to Iraklis for the 2009-10 season. He could not break into the starting lineup, but nevertheless he made his debut for Iraklis in a cup against Gamma Ethniki side Trikala. Katsikas was sent off in his debut and eventually Iraklis got eliminated by the Cup after losing the contest by a 1-0 scoreline. In that season he also made his league debut for Iraklis, as he came in for teammate Achilleas Sarakatsanos in the 84th minute, in a 2-0 away defeat from Panathinaikos. In his second season for Iraklis Katsikas featured regularly in the playing squad of the club, playing in 13 of the club's league matches until February. On 9 February 2011 Katsikas suffered a torn cruciate ligament, in a friendly match of Greece U-21, and lost the remainder of the season.
The Estonian Domestic and Premier League competitions are growing year on year and an intense program of regional development will continue into 2011 and onwards. Their number of home-grown Estonian players is increasing along with the added experience of a number of expatriate persons from full member nations who have been residing in Estonia for a number of years and are always willing to pass on experience and general playing tips to up and coming Estonians for the future of Cricket here.
The glycerol-3-phosphate shuttle allows the NADH synthesized in the cytosol by glycolysis to contribute to the oxidative phosphorylation pathway in the mitochondria to generate ATP. It has been found in animals, fungi, and plants.
In 1440, Johannes Gutenberg introduced Europe to the mechanical printing press, printing Bibles for mass consumption. The technology allowed for books and manuscripts – originally replicated by hand – to be printed at a much faster rate, thus spreading knowledge and helping to usher in the European Renaissance ... Google has done a similar job.
Leytron has a population (as of December 2016) of 3,135. As of 2008, 16.3% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (2000–2010 ) the population has changed at a rate of 24.3%. It has changed at a rate of 23.2% due to migration and at a rate of -1.4% due to births and deaths.
With easy access to the RER line , close to the TGV railway station of Chessy – Marne-la-Vallée and two international airports Roissy-Charles-de-Gaulle and Orly, the city has a central position in the transport network.
(b) securing freedom of choice—which requires the individual to make important decisions affecting his/her own life (what work to do, what to consume etc.).
In the 2011 "Ranking America's High Schools" issue by The Washington Post, the school was ranked 43rd in New Jersey and 1,358th nationwide. In Newsweek's May 22, 2007 issue, ranking the country's top high schools, Columbia High School was listed in 1192nd place, the 39th-highest ranked school in New Jersey.
Poor America, 1997: News & Review led a national effort of 90 weekly newspapers around the country in a conversation about welfare reform and extreme poverty in the nation
The Russon mill, a water mill is located in the street of de la Brosse. The former owner has restored it. The mill was a component of the outbuildings of the Farm of Roquemont. It was used as a mill only for a few months and was otherwise used as accommodation for the farm hands.
Harry Soref founded the Master Lock Company in 1921 and patented an improved padlock in 1924 with a patent lock casing constructed out of laminated steel.
Sayyid Yusuf Hashim al-Rifa’i. Nasiha li-Ikhwaninia Ulama’ Najd (“Advice to our Brethren the Scholars of Najd”). Introduction by M.S.R. al-Buti. With Sayyid ‘Alawi Ahmad al-Haddad’s Misbah al-Anam (“The Light of Mankind”). English.
The Wash-house, built in the mid-19th century. Bussy already used a very old wash-house close to a spring in Ferrières: the wash-house of Cessoy. But it was too far from the center of the village and difficult to reach for the washerwomen who used barrows for the laundry. The city council bargained with the family de Guermantesfor to acquire land attached to another spring, in the upper side of the street du Moulin, for building the second wash-house. Currently, the wash-house of Cessoy is private, in contrast to the public one in the street du Moulin.
Though Lee spends most of her time playing classical music, she also plays across all art forms and a wide musical spectrum. She has played for theatre, dance and film and performs and records regularly with Scotland's jazz and folk luminaries and is also Chief Patron of the Perth Youth Orchestra. In 2009 she further explored the territory of improvised music, collaborating with painter Alan Kilpatrick to perform an improvised live installation piece at the Fleming Gallery in London Mayfair. In January 2012, Lee performed with former Cream bass player, Jack Bruce with Mr McFall's Chamber at Celtic Connections.
The botija was used to hold kerosene brought from Spain. Botijas were then used to hide money underground and were buried to prevent humidity from reaching the floors. Later, botijas were dug up and used as musical instruments in the late 19th century in the Caribbean island of Cuba.
Reynolds plays the guitar, piano, sitar, drums, violin, bass, keyboards, ethnic percussive instruments, solo djembe, harp, uses drum machines for special effects, and sings, although his performances are primarily instrumental rock music. As well as being the founding member of the band TR3, he is one of the musicians who performed at "Miller's", in Charlottesville, Virginia, befriending and encouraging the bartender, a young Dave Matthews, to form a band of his own, introducing him to local musicians, several of whom make up the Dave Matthews Band. While Reynolds declined the offer to join as an official member, he recorded and toured as a sideman with the Dave Matthews Band from its inception until late 1998, rejoining them as a permanent member in June 2008. He often tours with Dave Matthews as an acoustic duo, in addition to performing as a member of Dave Matthews & Friends.
Rogues knew a good deal about lock-picking long before locksmiths discussed it among themselves, as they have lately done. If a lock, let it have been made in whatever country, or by whatever maker, is not so inviolable as it has hitherto been deemed to be, surely it is to the interest of honest persons to know this fact, because the dishonest are tolerably certain to apply the knowledge practically;and the spread of the knowledge is necessary to give fair play to those who might suffer by ignorance.
After the scandal, Shealy temporarily stopped working as a political consultant and developed a chain of newspapers. After a rival newspaper owner announced that he was running for state treasurer in 1994, Shealy stepped back into consulting to find a candidate to run against him.
The two visit Dorinda (Nichelle Nichols), who runs Gator's stable of prostitutes. Truck and Jerry wait for Gator to visit, and chase him, but Gator escapes. A tip from Truck's friend Duke (Scatman Crothers) allows them to locate Gator again, and kill Gator when he attempts to shoot Truck.
An inclusive democracy is inconceivable unless it extends to the broader social realm to embrace the workplace, the household, the educational institution and indeed any economic or cultural institution, which constitutes an element of this realm. The equal distribution of power in these institutions and self-management are secured through the creation of assemblies of the people involved in each place of work or education (workers' assemblies, student and teachers' assemblies respectively) who make all important decisions about the functioning of these places, within the framework of the decisions taken by citizens' demotic assemblies as regards the general aims of production, education and culture respectively. The assemblies are federated at the regional and confederal levels so that the confederal assemblies of workers, teachers, students and so on could be involved in a process of constant interaction with the citizens' confederal assemblies to define society's "general interest".
Lake Danao is the smaller of the two lakes located in the Balinsasayao Twin Lakes Natural Park in the southern part of Negros Oriental in the Philippines; the other being Lake Balinsasayao. The lakes and its surrounding were designated as a protected area by Proclamation No. 414 on 21 November 2000 categorized as a Natural Park covering about 8,016 hectares (19,810 acres). The lake itself has about 28 hectares (69 acres) surface area.
RISCOS Ltd. (also referred to as ROL) was a limited company engaged in computer software and IT consulting. It licensed the rights to continue the development of RISC OS 4 and to distribute it for desktop machines (as an upgrade or for new machines) from Element 14 and subsequently Pace Micro Technology. Company founders include developers who formerly worked within Acorn's dealership network. It was established as a nonprofit company. On or before 4 March 2013 3QD Developments acquired RISCOS Ltd's flavour of RISC OS. RISCOS Ltd was dissolved on 14 May 2013.
On January 16, 2008 Woodruff released his sophomore album, Burnin’ Ocean under Ruffwood Records. This album was one of the Top 10 Best Reggae Albums in 2008 on the Apple iTunes charts; notable tracks include “Burnin’ Ocean”, “So Good” and “We Get High”.
Hispanic and Latino New Yorkers are residents of the state of New York who are of Hispanic or Latino ancestry. As of 2013, Hispanics and Latinos of any race were 18.4% of the state's population.
In 1894, the South Orange, Maplewood, and Hilton school districts were consolidated and became the South Orange and Maplewood School District, with borders essentially identical to those which presently exist. The district remained unified even after Maplewood and South Orange became separately incorporated as municipalities, although there was considerable pressure to split as early as 1904.
Major-General Lancelot Edgar Connop Mervyn Perowne CBE (11 June 1902 – 24 March 1982) was a British Army officer who commanded 17th Gurkha Division.
Originally 75 locomotives were ordered, but the order was reduced to 25 locomotives and more locomotives of the French Class 1100 locomotives were ordered instead.
Keep Chico Weird is an annual event to honor the weird of Chico and Butte County, who help foster an environment of tolerance and creativity. CN&R produces a Keep Chico Weird Art Show and a Keep Chico Weird Talent Show, that highlights a wide range of artists and art, including sword swallowers, mimes, spelling-bee champs, organ grinders, etc.
Alberto Ibargüen (class of 1962), publisher; first Hispanic publisher of The Miami Herald, Pulitzer Prize winner for coverage of the Elián González story.
(1) democratic planning, which involves a feedback process between workplace assemblies, demotic assemblies and the confederal assembly, and
Schyrleus also included a map of the Moon in Oculus Enoch et Eliae. It was the first depiction of the Moon as seen in an inverting telescope (and thus the Moon itself is inverted in the illustration, with the South Pole at the top). The crater Tycho, for example, was depicted on lunar maps as early as 1645, when Schyrleus depicted the bright ray system. His map, however, did not come into standard use, as it was superseded by those made by Hevelius and the Jesuits Giovanni Battista Riccioli and Francesco Maria Grimaldi (1650–1651). In 1647, Schyrleus published a lunar chart with a diameter of 19 cm.[5]
The Berliner-Joyce OJ was an American biplane observation floatplane developed by the Berliner-Joyce Aircraft for the United States Navy during the early 1930s.
Also in 2004, X PRIZE chose Page as a trustee of their board and he was elected to the National Academy of Engineering. In 2005, Brin and Page were elected Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Leaves of some holly species are used by some cultures to make daily tea. These species are Yerba mate (I. paraguariensis), Ilex guayusa, Kuding (Ilex kaushue), Yaupon (I. vomitoria) and others. Leaves of other species, such as gallberry (I. glabra) are bitter and emetic. In general little is known about inter-species variation in constituents or toxicity of hollies.
Page announced on his Google+ profile in May 2013 that his right vocal cord is paralyzed from a cold that he contracted the previous summer, while his left cord was paralyzed in 1999. Page explained that he has been suffering from a vocal cord issue for 14 years, and, as of his May 2013 post, doctors were still unable to identify the exact cause of the problem. The Google+ post also revealed that Page had donated a considerable sum of money to a vocal-cord nerve-function research program at the Voice Health Institute in Boston, U.S. The program, at Massachusetts General Hospital, is led by Steven Zeitels, the Eugene B. Casey Professor of Laryngeal Surgery. An anonymous source stated that the donation exceeded $20 million.
After Schmidt announced the end of his tenure as CEO on January 20, 2011, he jokingly tweeted on Twitter: "Adult-supervision no longer needed." Quartz organizational management reporter, Max Nisen, described the decade prior to Page's second appointment as Google's CEO as his "lost decade." While Page continued to exert a significant influence at Google during this time, overseeing product development and other operations, he became increasingly disconnected and less responsive over time.
To his credit he has but one understudy, "Edward Price." Edward Price was introduced into Omar's life by his niece. During the four years of teaching, Omar published one of Edwards poems and painted 2 portraits of the young student.
In 2014 locomotive 1252 was repainted to celebrate 175 years of railways in the Netherlands. As part of this, the locomotive was decorated with a promotional slogan by Märklin "The original must be Märklin - Märklin congratulates the Netherlands on 175 years of railways" in Dutch on one side of the locomotive body and German on the other. The locomotive was offered as a one-time series HO scale model by Märklin as item No. 37128 in 2014.
In 1993, Reynolds and Dave Matthews started playing a few acoustic duo sets. These featured Matthews music, stripped down to just the acoustic guitar, paired with Reynolds's guitar, and Reynolds' occasional use of slide guitar. During these sets, Reynolds would play between one and four of his own pieces that spanned his own catalog of work. After a few years these shows gained popularity, and in 1996 Matthews and Reynolds embarked on their first full tour together as a duo. In 1999, coinciding with the release of the 40-date tour, Live at Luther College was released.
According to these four realms, we may distinguish between four main constituent elements of an inclusive democracy: the political, the economic, 'democracy in the social realm' and the ecological. The first three elements form the institutional framework, which aims at the equal distribution of political, economic and social power respectively. In this sense, these elements define a system, which aims at the effective elimination of the domination of human being over human being. Similarly, ecological democracy is defined as the institutional framework, which aims to eliminate any human attempt to dominate the natural world, in other words, the system, which aims to reintegrate humans and nature.
A lock is a mechanical or electronic fastening device that is released by a physical object (such as a key, keycard, fingerprint, RFID card, security token, coin etc.), by supplying secret information (such as a keycode or password), or by a combination thereof.
1962 marked her debut on Polish National Radio. Renown Polish actress Kalina Jędrusik sang Agnieszka's lyrics to a hit song by Franciszka Leszczyńska called "My First Ball" (Mój pierwszy bal). One year later at the first National Festival of Polish Song in Opole in 1963 Agnieszka achieved a major success winning the main prize and six other prizes for her lyrics: „Piosenka o Okularnikach“ (music by Jarosław Abram), as well as „Białe małżeństwo,“ „Czerwony kapturek,“ "Kochankowie z ulicy Kamiennej,“ „Solo na kontrabasie“ and „Ulice wielkich miast.“
Lack of Oversight, 2001: When Jack Nickerson Jr. was killed after a gas tank exploded, this story revealed that government agents' negligence was a major factor in his death
In 1934, Philip Johnson met Jimmie Daniels, cabaret singer. Daniels was Johnson's first serious relationship. The relationship lasted only one year, and Johnson would recall later that "a terrible man stole him away—who had better sex with him, I gather. But I was naughty. I went to Europe and I would never think of taking Jimmie along."
December 12, 2008 Audio Interview with WCCW's Mickey Grant regarding World Class, Gary Hart, and "Gentleman's Choice" a 2008 Documentary on The Life of Gentleman Chris Adams
The World Branding Forum is a global non-profit organisation. Its aims and activities are to raise the standards of branding for the good of consumers as well as the industry, including those who work in the branding, design, marketing, advertising, public relations and communications disciplines worldwide. Its chairman is Richard Rowles, and the brand strategist Peter Pek, is its chief executive.
According to the article five of the Armistice about 150 000 Bulgarian soldiers that have been situated on the West of Skopje meridian have been delivered to Entente’s forces as hostages.
Zach Braff (born 1975, class of 1993), actor/Producer/Writer/Director; leading actor on the television series Scrubs and producer / director / writer / star of Garden State.
Centre of Vocational Excellence (CoVE) is a status given to departments in further education colleges (and some third party training companies) in England. It is intended as a kind of quality guarantee for vocational teaching, and is awarded by the Learning and Skills Council if the teaching is of good quality and if the department offers a range of courses with progression routes up to Level 3 or beyond in the National Qualifications Framework.
In 1981, Bantam Books published a movie tie-in novelization written by Mike McQuay that adopts a lean, humorous style reminiscent of the film. The novel is significant because it includes scenes that were cut out of the film, such as the Federal Reserve Depository robbery that results in Snake's incarceration. The novel provides motivation and backstory to Snake and Hauk — both disillusioned war veterans — deepening their relationship that was only hinted at it in the film. The novel explains how Snake lost his eye during the Battle for Leningrad in World War III, how Hauk became warden of New York, and Hauk's quest to find his crazy son who lives somewhere in the prison. The novel fleshes out the world that these characters exist in, at times presenting a future even bleaker than the one depicted in the film. The book explains that the West Coast is a no-man's land, and the country's population is gradually being driven crazy by nerve gas as a result of World War III.
Atomage Magazine Appreciation Site (A private, non-commercial site featuring the history and work of John Sutcliffe and his Atomage fetish clothing business)
From 5 September 2006 to 11 June 2009 he was Chief of Staff of the General Command of the Army. On 12 June 2009, Leonardo Gallitelli was appointed Commander-in-Chief of the Army by the Council of Ministers .
Takis Fotopoulos' Interview to Oliver Ressler about Inclusive Democracy. This is an interview with Takis Fotopoulos taken by Oliver Ressler for his video series "Alternative Economics, Alternative Societies" on July 19, 2003, about the Inclusive Democracy project. English and Greek subtitles are available. In this video, Fotopoulos discusses the constituents of Inclusive Democracy: Political, Economic, democracy at the Social level and Ecological democracy. He is also offering an introductory analysis of the ID' s proposed economic model for a state-less, market-less and money-less economy. Finally, he refers to the transitional strategy for the transformation to an autonomous society, for an Inclusive Democracy. Retrieved 4 January 2014.
During his first tenure as CEO, Page embarked on a passed attempt to fire all of Google's project managers in 2001. Page's plan involved all of Google’s engineers reporting to a VP of engineering, who would then report directly to him—Page explained that he didn’t like non-engineers supervising engineers due to their limited technical knowledge. Page even documented his management tenets for his team to use as a reference:
William F. Banham, founder of Banham Security, invented the first automatic latch bolt lock in 1926 after a series of burglaries on his wife's dress shop. He opened up his own locksmith shop on Oxford Street, London, and offered £25 to anyone who could pick or break one of his patented locks Banham Group still offer the patented locks.
Rescripts obtained by obreption or subreption are null and void when the motive cause of the rescript is affected by them. If it is only the impelling cause, and the substance of the petition is not affected, or if the false statement was made through ignorance, the rescript is not vitiated. As requests for rescripts must come through a person in ecclesiastical authority, it is his duty to inform himself of the truth or falsity of the causes alleged in the petitions, and in case they are granted, to see that the conditions of the rescript are fulfilled.
BackRub is written in Java and Python and runs on several Sun Ultras and Intel Pentiums running Linux. The primary database is kept on a Sun Ultra series II with 28GB of disk. Scott Hassan and Alan Steremberg have provided a great deal of very talented implementation help. Sergey Brin has also been very involved and deserves many thanks.
Nakodar railway station is the nearest train station. The village is 64 kilometres (40 mi) away from domestic airport in Ludhiana and the nearest international airport is located in Chandigarh also Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport is the second nearest airport which is 117 kilometres (73 mi) away in Amritsar.
Epstein is the Ministerial Assistant for the Department of Community Services, specifically co-operative housing and other housing programs.
Carpenter had just made Dark Star but no one wanted to hire him as a director, so he assumed that he would make it in Hollywood as a screenwriter. The filmmaker went on to do other films with the intention of making Escape later. After the success of Halloween, Avco-Embassy signed him and producer Debra Hill to a two-picture deal. The first film from this contract was The Fog. Initially, the second film that he was going to make to finish the contract was The Philadelphia Experiment, but because of script-writing problems, Carpenter rejected it in favor of this project. However, Carpenter felt that something was missing and recalls, "This was basically a straight action film. And at one point, I realized it really doesn't have this kind of crazy humor that people from New York would expect to see." He brought in Nick Castle, a friend from his film school days at University of Southern California who played "The Shape" in Halloween. Castle invented the Cabbie character and came up with the film's ending.
Watt works primarily in lithography, sculpture, and installation. For her sculpture and installation, she uses a variety of materials, including everyday objects, as well as textiles, alabaster, slate, and cornhusks. She cites Pop art, Abstract Expressionism, and indigenous visual traditions as sources for her work. Watt had a studio in Portland, Oregon and started experimenting with materials, such as corn husk, then began experimenting with woven blankets. In 2002, her stone sculpture Pedestrian was installed along the east bank of the Willamette River in Portland. Her work has appeared in several exhibitions in the Pacific Northwest.
Page participated in a March 2014 TedX conference that was held in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. The presentation was scripted by Page's chief PR executive Rachel Whetstone, and Google’s CMO Lorraine Twohill, and a demonstration of an artificially intelligent computer program was displayed on a large screen. Page responded to a question about corporations, noting that corporations largely get a "bad rap", which he stated was because they were probably doing the same incremental things they were doing "50 or 20 years ago". He went on to juxtapose that kind of incremental approach to his vision of Google counteracting calcification through driving technology innovation at a high rate. Page mentioned Elon Musk and SpaceX:
In 2004, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Queen Latifah's production company, Flavor Unit Entertainment, attempted to remake the film, which was to have been written by Chris Frisina.
Mohammad Aamer Sohail Ali (Urdu: محمد عامر سہیل علی‬‎; born on 14 September 1966) is a former Pakistani cricketer and a former PCB Chief Selector. With Saeed Anwar, he formed one of the best opening combinations Pakistan has ever had.
Bussy-Saint-Georges is in the Canton of Torcy, in the administrative département of Seine-et-Marne; its prefecture is Melun. The canton brings together 6 towns and 38,236 inhabitants. Before its creation in 1975, the city of Bussy was in the Canton of Lagny-sur-Marne, finally divided in smaller new subdivisions considering the growth of population.
At youth international level, Carvajal won the 2011 European Championship with the under-19 team and the 2013 edition with the under-21 side. He made his senior debut in 2014.
Holly berries can cause vomiting and diarrhea. They are especially dangerous in cases involving accidental consumption by children attracted to the bright red berries. Ingestion of over 20 berries may be fatal to children.
Carvajal acted as backup to FC Barcelona's Martín Montoya at the 2013 UEFA European Under-21 Championship, playing in the 3–0 group stage win against the Netherlands as Spain went on to win the tournament. He was selected by full side manager Vicente del Bosque for his 30-man provisional squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup, being excused alongside all other Real Madrid and Atlético Madrid players from the warm-up game against Bolivia on 30 May due to the Champions League final, and being omitted from the final list the following day.
New Line Cinema (one-time video distributor of the original) acquired the rights to the film from co-rights holder StudioCanal, who will control the European rights, and Carpenter, who will serve as an executive producer and said, "Snake is one of my fondest creations. Kurt Russell did an incredible job, and it would be fun to see someone else try." Russell has commented on the remake and on the casting of Butler as Plissken, saying, "I will say that when I was told who was going to play Snake Plissken, my initial reaction was 'Oh, man!' [Russell winces]. I do think that character was quintessentially one thing. And that is, American."
The Reno News & Review (RN&R) was founded in 1995, when News & Review purchased the assets of Nevada Weekly, changing the name and creating the third News & Review paper. The Reno News & Review has a cumulative readership of roughly 90,000, according to the Winter 2015 Media Audit Report, run by International Demographics. The current editor is D. Brian Burghart, noted for his national project, Fatal Encounters, which uses crowd sourced data to estimate the number of killings by law enforcement officers in the United States. In 2016, the acting editor is Brad Bynum.
In 2004, the company replaced its baseline RISC OS 4.02 product with an updated version of the OS named RISC OS Adjust. This version of RISC OS was based on version 4.39, or Select Edition 3 Issue 4, of the company's Select scheme. In the same year, RISCOS Ltd agreed to produce a fully 32-bit-compatible version of RISC OS Adjust for Advantage Six's A9home product. The A9home was released in May 2006 after a 12-month beta-testing process, although the build of Adjust 32, namely RISC OS 4.42, is not feature-complete.
In Oculus Enoch et Eliae, besides describing one of his inventions, an eyepiece for a Keplerian telescope, which left the image reverted, it also contained a long section on binocular telescopes, which greatly influenced other telescope-makers and opticians in the next century. His section on binocular telescopes is not illustrated, but the methods he describes became the standard construction techniques for many years.
March 10, 1963 - The town of Sakanoichi, and the village of Ōzai were merged with the town of Oita and Dainan (both from Ōita District) and the cities of Ōita and Tsurusaki to create the city of Ōita.
"Storms in this house (The Glass House) are horrendous but thrilling. Glass shatters. Danger is one of the greatest things to use in architecture."
The Glass House (1949) that he designed as his own residence in New Canaan, Connecticut was influenced by the Farnsworth House, built shortly before it by Mies van der Rohe, an influence which Johnson never denied. Johnson had curated an exhibit of Mies van der Rohe's at the Museum of Modern Art in 1947, featuring a model of the glass Farnsworth House.
The botijas contained two openings, one at the top and one of the side, and were blown into to create bass notes. To crate specific pitches, they were filled to specific levels with water. Another technique includes inserting a reed into the opening while the player blows into the reed.
In the 2009 Conseil d'Etat/Staatsrat election a total of 1,168 votes were cast, of which 63 or about 5.4% were invalid. The voter participation was 65.8%, which is much more than the cantonal average of 54.67%. In the 2007 Swiss Council of States election a total of 1,147 votes were cast, of which 64 or about 5.6% were invalid. The voter participation was 65.7%, which is much more than the cantonal average of 59.88%.
When acquiring products and companies for Google, Page asked whether the business acquisition passed the toothbrush test as an initial qualifier, asking the question "Is it something you will use once or twice a day, and does it make your life better?". This approach looked for usefulness above profitability, and long-term potential over near-term financial gain, which has been noted as rare in business acquiring processes.
The event was broadcast internationally online, through Brave's official website and Youtube channel, for free. In addition, the card was also broadcast in Bahrain, and in selected cable companies, through Bahrain TV.
At one time he designed a boot suit, which comprised a pair of thigh-length boots, which carried on to join at the crotch, and then upwards to become an entire catsuit with a hood.
At the time of the company's formation, it was noted that having access to the source code could facilitate removal of the OS's dependence on Acorn's proprietary chips. This simplifies entry to the hardware market by new companies.
AtomAge attracted a certain amount of attention when the police decided to prosecute the publisher, Sutcliffe, in the mid-1980s, for obscenity. Despite protest from both fetishists and defenders of civil liberties alike, Sutcliffe pleaded guilty. His stock and photos were seized and destroyed and the publications temporarily closed. The shame may well have contributed to his death.
It is a popular misconception that he designed the leather outfits for The Avengers. He did not They were designed by Michael Whittaker for Honor Blackman and by John Bates for Diana Rigg, although they may have been made in his workshop. He did design some costumes for the stage version of The Avengers which appeared later. He also designed the leather catsuit worn by Marianne Faithfull in the 1968 film The Girl on a Motorcycle which may have been influenced by the style of The Avengers.
Orner grew up in Melbourne, Australia and was educated at Mt Scopus Memorial College and Monash University, where she obtained a Bachelor of Arts in 1993.
Hearst and her dogs have participated in dog shows, and on February 16, 2015, her Shih Tzu, Rocket, won the "Toy" category at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show at Madison Square Garden. At the 2017 show, Hearst's French bulldog, Tuggy, won best of breed, and Rubi won best of opposite sex.
The fossil record indicates that the Ilex lineage was already widespread prior to the end of the Cretaceous period. Based on the molecular clock, the common ancestor of most of the extant species probably appeared during the Eocene, about 50 million years ago, suggesting that older representatives of the genus belong to now extinct branches. The laurel forest covered great areas of the Earth during the Paleogene, when the genus was more prosperous. This type of forest extended during the Neogene, more than 20 million years ago. Most of the last remaining temperate evergreen forests are believed to have disappeared about 10,000 years ago at the end of the Pleistocene. Many of the then-existing species with the strictest ecological requirements became extinct because they could not cross the barriers imposed by the geography, but others found refuge as a species relict in coastal enclaves, archipelagos, and coastal mountains sufficiently far from areas of extreme cold and aridity and protected by the oceanic influence.
Page also ventured into hardware and Google unveiled the Chromebook in May 2012. The hardware product was a laptop that ran on a Google operating system, Chrome OS.
Illinois 72 runs concurrently for one block with Illinois Route 83 in Elk Grove Township, and Illinois Route 47 and U.S. Highway 20 by Starks, an unincorporated village approximately 60 miles (97 km) from Chicago. The latter is a Wrong-way concurrency, where one can be driving both west on Illinois 72 and east on U.S. 20 at the same time. West from Chicago, Illinois 72 largely parallels Interstate 90 until Starks, crossing over and under the highway six times without an intersection. On a larger scale, it is the main east–west artery to Chicago between Interstate 90 and Illinois Route 64.
In August 2011, Estonia finished its international fixtures for the year, by becoming Baltic Champions in a final win over the Lithuanian Cricket Team.
The eventual results of "Kennedy," which were progressively rolled out from June 2011 until January 2013, were described by The Verge technology publication as focused upon "refinement, white space, cleanliness, elasticity, usefulness, and most of all simplicity." The final products were aligned with Page's aim for a consistent suite of products that can "move fast," and "Kennedy" was called a "design revolution" by Duarte. Page's "UXA" (user/graphics interface) design team then emerged from the "Kennedy" project, tasked with "designing and developing a true UI framework that transforms Google's application software into a beautiful, mature, accessible and consistent platform for its users." Unspoken of in public, the small UXA unit was designed to ensure that "Kennedy" became an "institution."
Escape from New York was released in the United States on July 10, 1981. The film received positive reviews from critics and was a commercial success, grossing over $25 million at the box office. The film was nominated for four Saturn Awards, including Best Science Fiction Film and Best Direction. The film became a cult classic and was followed by a sequel, Escape from L.A. (1996), which was also directed and written by Carpenter and starred Russell but which was much more poorly received.
The World Branding Forum is a global nonprofit organisation based in London, United Kingdom. The forum runs various programmes and organises conference, workshops and seminars. It operates a newsroom and publishes industry news on its website. It is also a media partner for various industry events. The forum's industry recognition programme is the World Branding Awards, which it organises annually.
The drupes are green, globose in shape, turning bright red at maturity in late summer; each fruit is 5 mm in diameter and contains typically one or two ellipsoid-ovoid shaped stones. The fruits are edible with a mild flavour somewhat like apples. The large seeds within are somewhat hard and crunchy.
Before entering Parliament, Hanna practised law. He also served as a Councillor for the City of Marion from 1995 to 1997. He returned to practicing law in 2010 and, in 2014 was elected unopposed as Mayor of the City of Marion.
The Farm of Roquemont. It takes its name from la Rosque’s fief, Bussy-Saint-Georges lords from 1490 to 1594; it was also the main source of the lords for the benefit of Bussy fief. Later, the farm was called the great farm of Bussy-Saint-Georges.
Between 2000 and 2004, Clark released three interrelated instrumental albums: Owls In Obsidian (2000), Staff, Mask, Rattle (2002), and Monongahela Riverrun (2004). In 2005, his first decade of recordings was collected chronologically on the double-disc compilation album, Nova Psychedelia, through Anopheles Records. In 2014, he released a complexly orchestrated darkly psychedelic cyberpunk album Dancing Through The Side Worlds, which contains many autobiographical songs. He is currently recording a new album Whirlwind Of The Whispering Worlds which will be forthcoming in late 2018.
Columbia High School has won multiple Paper Mill Playhouse Rising Star Awards for their musical program. Bethany Pettigrew and Tricia Benn won for Best Director in 2015 for Ragtime and "The Silly Girls" won Outstanding Featured Ensemble Group in 2016 for Beauty and The Beast. The Columbia High School Musicals have been run by Michael Healy, Bethany Pettigrew, Tricia Benn, and Rob Cohen for the past 10 years.
Woodruff began writing and producing music in 2006, which incorporated roots reggae with dub, a subgenre of reggae. As a freshman in college, Woodruff began submitting instrumental tracks to the Sublime Archive website and consequently adopted the moniker Stick Figure, which was a take on his high school nickname.
The paper is noted as the last place of employment of investigative journalist Gary Webb, who began working at the paper after the Dark Alliance scandal. Webb allegedly committed suicide while working for the paper.
Sturges revisited the same material a decade later when he directed a more historically accurate sequel of sorts, Hour of the Gun, starring James Garner as Wyatt Earp, Jason Robards as Doc Holliday, and Robert Ryan as Ike Clanton. That film begins with a more accurate version of the O.K. Corral gun battle, then moves forward into the aftermath for the balance of the movie.
Takis Fotopoulos interview, "Inclusive Democracy", Transcription of a video by O. Ressler, recorded in London, Great Britain, 37 min. (2003), www.republicart.net. Retrieved 3 January 2014.
The Nederlandse Spoorwegen (NS) Class 1200 was a class of electric locomotives that were in service from 1951 until 1998. They were designed by Baldwin and built by Werkspoor (Utrecht) between 1951 and 1953. The electrical equipment was built by N.V. Heemaf (Hengelo) to a design by Westinghouse. Some parts (the bogies, and the electrical installation) were made in the United States as part of the Marshall Plan.
"Every scholar that spells a word wrong or omits a silent letter or figure shall step in the rear of the class and there stand until the class shall have spelled through, then those that have spelled right are to move up in a solid body and those who are in the rear to move down and take their places at the foot."
Eva Orner is an Australian, Academy and Emmy Award-winning film producer and director based in Los Angeles. Her works include Untold Desires (winner of Best Documentary at the Australian Film Institute Awards, the Logie Awards and the Australian Human Rights Awards), Strange Fits of Passion (nominated for the Critics' Award at the Cannes Film Festival), Taxi to the Dark Side (winner of the 2008 Academy Award for Best Documentary), and Gonzo, The Life and Work of Dr Hunter S. Thompson. Orner's directorial debut, The Network, a feature documentary set behind the scenes of Afghanistan's largest television station, premiered in the US in March 2013.
They formed in 1996 when Martin, Wade and Cito, originally in an underground band called "The Eight Legged Groove Machine", were approached by Danny, the drummer for the popular rock band, "The Electric Petals" and their manager, Patrick Horgan.
Carvajal was born in Leganés, a suburb of Madrid. He joined Real Madrid's youth system as a 10-year-old, and continued climbing through the ranks until reaching Real Madrid Castilla in 2010.
To convert the backlink data gathered by BackRub's web crawler into a measure of importance for a given web page, Brin and Page developed the PageRank algorithm, and realized that it could be used to build a search engine far superior to existing ones. The new algorithm relied on a new kind of technology that analyzed the relevance of the backlinks that connected one Web page to another.
In Spring 2013 Stick Figure embarked on their first headlining tour with stops in major cities including Boston, Austin, Denver and Chicago with multiple sold out shows. That year they also went on three national tours alongside reggae bands Passafire, John Brown’s Body, and Tribal Seeds.
In 2004, Columbia High School made national headlines when the administration amended a policy regarding religiously themed holiday songs putting more strict guidelines in place. Many people believed the new rules to be too strict. Radio personality Don Imus produced a song on his radio program entitled "Oh, Little Town of Maplewood", mocking the new rules of Columbia High School. The new guidelines were also mentioned on The O'Reilly Factor.
The Columbia High School Student Council was named an "NJASC Honor School" for the 3rd consecutive year in January 2008. It also won a "Top 10 Projects" award for their event, 'School in Action Night'. They won the same honor the year before for their 'How to Start a Gay-Straight Alliance' presentation.
Bernardi suggested East St. Louis, Illinois, because it was filled with old buildings "that exist in New York now, and [that] have that seedy run-down quality" that the team was looking for. East St. Louis, sitting across the Mississippi River from the more prosperous St. Louis, Missouri, had entire neighborhoods burned out in 1976 during a massive urban fire. Hill said in an interview, "block after block was burnt-out rubble. In some places there was absolutely nothing, so that you could see three and four blocks away." As well, Alves found an old bridge to double for the "69th St. Bridge". The filmmaker purchased the Old Chain of Rocks Bridge for one dollar from the government and then gave it back to them, for the same amount, once production was completed, "so that they wouldn't have any liability," Hill remembers. Locations across the river in St. Louis, Missouri were used, including Union Station and the Fox Theatre, both of which have since been renovated, as well as the building which would eventually become the Schlafly Tap Room microbrewery.
Daniel "Dani" Carvajal Ramos (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈdanjel ˈdani karβaˈxal ˈramos]; born 11 January 1992) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a right back for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Spanish national team.
In 2005, the Chico News & Review started the Chico Area Music Celebration (CAMMIES) to honor the vibrant, eclectic music scene in Butte County, California. Winners are selected by CN&R readers in a list of musical genres, including Singer-songwriter, Hard Rock/Metal, Blues, Jam/R&B/Funk, Rap, Punk/Ska and others. Critics vote for winners in more specific areas, e.g. Best Male/Female vocalist, Best Guitarist, Best Drummer, Best Local CD, Local Badass, etc.
In 1998, Brin and Page incorporated Google, Inc. with the initial domain name of "Googol," derived from a number that consists of one followed by one hundred zeros—this represented the vast amount of data that the search engine was intended to explore. Following inception, Page appointed himself as CEO, while Brin, named Google's co-founder, served as Google's president. Writer Nicholas Carlson wrote in 2014:
In 2007, Page married Lucinda Southworth on Necker Island, the Caribbean island owned by Richard Branson. Southworth is a research scientist, and the sister of actress and model Carrie Southworth. Page and Southworth have two children, born in 2009 and 2011.
As the President prepares for a televised speech to the leaders at the summit meeting, he thanks Snake for saving him. Snake asks how he feels about the people who died saving him, but the President only offers half-hearted regret. As Snake walks away in disgust, Hauk offers Snake a job, which he refuses. The President's speech commences, and he offers the contents of the cassette; to his embarrassment, the tape is Cabbie's cassette of the swing song "Bandstand Boogie". As Snake walks away, he intentionally tears the magnetic tape out of the cassette reel with the actual message that was intended to be delivered by the President.
RISCOS Ltd completed work on RISC OS 4 and in July 1999 it was released as an upgrade for existing machines, priced at £120. Improvements include support for long filenames, larger disk sizes and partitions, along with a new desktop look.
With a few dollars left, Emily Harris was sent to a Berkeley rally called to commemorate the death of Angela Atwood, and other founding members of the SLA during the police siege. Among the radicals Harris recognised Atwood's acquaintance Kathy Soliah from civil rights pressure groups and when they had quit a waitressing job in protest of being required to wear uniforms they considered demeaning. Through Soliah the three fugitives met Jack Scott, a radical athletics coach, who had been asking for an interview with the SLA. Scott agreed to provide money and help. In a car going to a rural hideout, Scott claimed Hearst was incredulous when an offer to take her "anywhere" was made. According to Scott's account, which Hearst said was false, she had said "I want to go where my friends are going". Scott was never charged for facilitating a recrudescence of the SLA that resulted in murder.
Within its territory, the city has an industrial region (Gustave Eiffel Park) located in the south of the city. Among the listed companies, there are Tech Data, SME Distribution (Sony), IBM, Air liquide, Asialand, BT France companies,... There are also a Senior Teaching Technical Book Center (Centre technique du livre de l'enseignement supérieur) and the Technical Center of the French National Library (Centre technique de la Bibliothèque nationale de France). The city economic growth continues with the creation of new city planning areas or Zone d’Aménagement Concerté, such as the ZAC Léonardo-de-Vinci (30 hectares) or the Rucherie (80 hectares). But the debts of the town may be considered as huge.
First elected to Halifax City Council in 1994, he was re-elected in 1996 with the formation of the Halifax Regional Municipality. Epstein sat as the Councillor for District 14 (Connaught-Quinpool), representing the city's West End. On March 24, 1998, Epstein was elected to the Nova Scotia House of Assembly for the New Democratic Party representing the provincial riding of Halifax Chebucto. He was re-elected in the 1999, 2003, 2006, and 2009 general elections.
In 1992, the Sacramento News & Review started the Sacramento Area Music Awards (SAMMIES) to honor and promote the growing music scene in Sacramento. Winners are selected by SN&R readers in a list of musical genres, including Folk Rock, Funk, Hard Rock, Blues, Punk and many more. Critics vote for winners in more specific areas, e.g. Male/Female vocalist, Keyboardist, Bassist, etc. Winners of the SAMMIES include Cake (band), Deftones, Oleander (band) and others.
Coburn also made two guest appearances on CBS's Perry Mason, both times as the murder victim in "The Case of the Envious Editor" and "The Case of the Angry Astronaut." In 1962, he portrayed the role of Col. Briscoe in the episode "Hostage Child" on CBS's Rawhide.
On 17 August 2015, it was announced that EuropaCorp was developing a film based on the 2000 K-141 Kursk submarine disaster, and that Martin Zandvliet had been hired to direct the film from a script by Robert Rodat, based on Robert Moore’s 2002 book A Time to Die. "Kursk" would have been Zandvliet’s first English-language film. On 21 January 2016, it was reported that Zandvliet was no longer attached and that EuropaCorp had hired Thomas Vinterberg to direct the film.
Ultimate was invented at Columbia High School in 1968. The ultimate team has won the state championship 11 times in the tournament's 13-year history. The team has won the championship every year since 2001 giving it a 12-year winning streak. The team has attended the Paideia cup tournament in Atlanta, Georgia, a nationally competitive tournament, every year since its inception in 2006, as well as the Amherst Invitational in Massachusetts. The men's team was recognized in town hall meetings and Board of Education meetings after winning the 2008 High school eastern championship. The women's team has won the state championship every year that it has been contested, beginning in 2007. However, the team is not recognized as a sport by the school and does not receive funding by the district.
The Chico News & Review (CN&R) was the first of the three News & Review papers, founded in 1977. The Chico News & Review is noted as one of the few alternative papers to out-circulate its local daily paper, the Chico Enterprise-Record, with a cumulative readership of over 100,000, according to the Circulation Verification Council's 2015 report. The founding editor was Robert Speer, and the current editor is Melissa Daugherty.
Brave 1: The Beginning was Brave Combat Federation's debut card and took place on its founder and patron's, Sheikh Khalid bin Hamad Al Khalifa, 27th birthday.
Eventually satisfied with the music, he titled it The Ballads and had it ready for a 1979 release with Motown. However, due to the fall out over his album, Here, My Dear, Gaye shelved the project indefinitely despite telling author David Ritz that he felt the album was "the best stuff I ever did". It would stay on the shelf for nearly a decade.
After serving one season as an assistant at Miami, Kennedy was named Murray State's 14th men's basketball coach in 2006, taking over after Mick Cronin departed for Cincinnati.
In the 1980s, he switched to an experimental rock sound, taking inspirations from artists like The Residents and Laurie Anderson and the works of science fiction, cyberpunk and stream-of-consciousness writers such as Harlan Ellison and William S. Burroughs. He was also inspired by comic books, most prominently by Turok and Doctor Strange, but also by Batman, Green Arrow, The Haunt of Fear, Shock SuspenStories, Strange Tales, Strange Adventures, Challengers of the Unknown, Adam Strange, The Doom Patrol, Animal Man, Swamp Thing, Love and Rockets, Coyote, Aztec Ace, and Scout.
On February 18, 2005, Page was granted the deed on a 9000-sq ft Spanish Colonial Revival architecture house in Palo Alto, California designed by American artistic polymath Pedro Joseph de Lemos, a former curator of the Stanford Art Museum and founder of the Carmel Art Institute, after the historic building had been on the market for years with an asking price of US$7.95 million. A two-story stucco archway spans the driveway and the home features intricate stucco work, as well as stone and tile in California Arts and Crafts movement style built to resemble de Lemos family's castle in Spain. The hacienda was constructed between 1931-41 by de Lemos. It is also on the National Register of Historic Places.
Hunt's campaign was investigated by the solicitor's office, the FBI and the State Law Enforcement Division. Once the masquerade was uncovered, the story gained widespread media attention. At Shealy's trial, former state Representative Robert Kohn testified that he was asked by Shealy to find a black man to run against Ravenel. Shealy was convicted for violating campaign laws and fined $500. Hunt said that he never received the money he was promised in exchange for running. Shealy later referred to the fine as a "political parking ticket" and claimed it had a positive effect on his consulting business. The incident prompted a rewrite of South Carolina’s ethics laws.
For decades, the school was supported by tuition payments. But gradually the State began to assume a share of the financial responsibility. In 1820, a law authorized townships to levy a tax to pay the tuition of poor students. By 1828, townships had the power to tax for general school purposes. The State itself began to contribute money in 1830, and in 1846 every township was required to raise as much money each year for schools as the State itself contributed. The last tuition assessment for residents occurred in 1861, and thereafter the Columbia School was entirely supported by public taxation.
At Celtic Connections 2013, Lee further expanded her musical range, playing at the Old Fruitmarket, Glasgow, with India Alba alongside two classical Indian musicians, Gyan Singh and Sharat Chandra Srivastava and two Scottish musicians; virtuoso on pipes and whistles, Ross Ainslie and renowned instrument maker and performer Nigel Richard. After playing as a guest in the band's line-up at both the Solas and Insider Music Festivals in June 2013, Su-a agreed to a permanent position with the band.
James Harrison Coburn III (; August 31, 1928 – November 18, 2002) was an American actor. He featured in more than 70 films, largely action roles, and made 100 television appearances during a 45-year career, ultimately winning an Academy Award in 1998 for his supporting role as Glen Whitehouse in Affliction.
"Inclusive Democracy" entry in Routledge Encyclopedia of International Political Economy, ed. by R.J. Barry Jones (Routledge, 2001), pp. 732–40. Retrieved 4 January 2014.
Saying he considered that Hearst's actions had not been voluntary, Superior Court judge Talbot Callister gave her probation on the surplus store charge when she pleaded no contest. California Attorney General Evelle J. Younger, said if there was a double standard for the wealthy it was the opposite of what was generally believed, and though Hearst had no legal brainwashing defense there was a good deal of equity favoring her in the essential point that everything started with her kidnapping.
An electronic lock works by means of an electric current and is usually connected to an access control system. In addition to the pin and tumbler used in standard locks, electronic locks connects the bolt or cylinder to a motor within the door using a part called an actuator. Types of electronic locks include the following:
Carpenter was planning an anime spin-off of Escape from New York, with Outlaw Star's Mitsuru Hongo slated to direct. However, nothing new has emerged since that announcement.
On March 5, 1973, Donald DeFreeze escaped from prison. Radical penal activists and future SLA members, Russell Little and William Wolfe, took DeFreeze to Patricia Soltysik's house. The SLA was led by DeFreeze, who, after a prison acquaintance named Wheeler left, was the only African American. By the time the group became active, most of the members of the tiny group were women, some of whom have, like Soltysik and her roommate Nancy Ling Perry, been described as in lesbian relationships. The members included William and Emily Harris and Angela Atwood.
A warded lock uses a set of obstructions, or wards, to prevent the lock from opening unless the correct key is inserted. The key has notches or slots that correspond to the obstructions in the lock, allowing it to rotate freely inside the lock. Warded locks are typically reserved for low-security applications as a well-designed skeleton key can successfully open a wide variety of warded locks.
Truck makes up with Annie as she gets out of jail. All of his belongings are packed in the car, and he promises he will go away with her, right away, if she takes him back. They drive off together, leaving LA for good.
The Masurian Lake District was among Osiecka's favorite places in Poland. She liked to vacation there in the 1960s/70s with Polish intellectuals and artists. As a student she worked there for one of the local newspapers and in the autumn of her life she wrote for the Atelier Theatre in Sopot. She was a frequent visitor to the Halama writers' retreat house in Zakopane, in the Tatry Mountains.
In April 1997, Motown finally issued the long-awaited 1970s sessions from The Ballads, renaming the project as Vulnerable. This featured a front cover of Gaye in a picture culled from the photo sessions of What's Going On and had the background animated to black with just his face showing. Three alternate versions of "Why Did I Choose You", "I Wish I Didn't Love You So" and "I Won't Cry Anymore" were featured on the album in which Marvin introduced vocal ad-libs, especially on "I Wish I Didn't Love You So". Gaye improvised his own lyrics for the alternate version of "I Won't Cry Anymore".
On 12 November 2011, all eight existing engines were brought together in Amersfoort for a railway enthusiast event to celebrate 60 years since the 1200 class entered service. The display was organized by the NVBS (Nederlandse Vereniging van Belangstellenden in het Spoor- en tramwegwezen), the Dutch national railway enthusiasts' body which was celebrating its 80th anniversary.
Escape from New York opened in New York and Los Angeles July 10, 1981. The film grossed $25.2 million in American theaters in summer 1981. The film received generally positive reviews. As of November 19, 2017, it had a rating of 86 percent on Rotten Tomatoes, with the critical consensus "Featuring an atmospherically grimy futuristic metropolis, Escape from New York is a strange, entertaining jumble of thrilling action and oddball weirdness". Newsweek magazine wrote "[He has a] deeply ingrained B-movie sensibility - which is both his strength and limitation. He does clean work, but settles for too little. He uses Russell well, however". In Time magazine, Richard Corliss wrote, "John Carpenter is offering this summer's moviegoers a rare opportunity: to escape from the air-conditioned torpor of ordinary entertainment into the hothouse humidity of their own paranoia. It's a trip worth taking". Vincent Canby, in his review for The New York Times, wrote, "[The film] is not to be analyzed too solemnly, though. It's a toughly told, very tall tale, one of the best escape (and escapist) movies of the season." In his review for the Chicago Reader, Dave Kehr, wrote "it fails to satisfy–it gives us too little of too much".
Hanna sought to have his 2010 election loss overturned by the Supreme Court of South Australia, sitting as the Court of Disputed Returns, saying he fell victim to "misleading and defamatory" leaflets and posters distributed by the Labor Party. The court ruled the leaflets - labelling Hanna "soft on crime" - were defamatory and not factual, yet there was a right to express such opinions. The court dismissed Hanna's case.
Carpenter was interested in creating two distinct looks for the movie. "One is the police state, high tech, lots of neon, a United States dominated by underground computers. That was easy to shoot compared to the Manhattan Island prison sequences which had few lights, mainly torch lights, like feudal England". Certain matte paintings were rendered by James Cameron, who was at the time a special effects artist with Roger Corman's New World Pictures. Cameron was also one of the directors of photography on the film. As Snake pilots the glider into the city, there are three screens on his control panel displaying wireframe animations of the landing target on the World Trade Center and surrounding buildings. Carpenter wanted high-tech computer graphics, which were very expensive, even for such a simple animation. The effects crew filmed the miniature model set of New York City they used for other scenes under black light, with reflective tape placed along every edge of the model buildings. Only the tape is visible and appears to be a 3D wireframe animation.
In 2011, Page became the owner of the US$ 45 million 193-ft superyacht 'Senses', which comes equipped with a helipad, gym, multi-level sun decks, ten luxury suites, a crew of 14 and interior design by famed French designer Philippe Starck. 'Senses' also has extensive ocean exploration capabilities, the superyacht was created to explore the world’s oceans in comfort and it carries a very comprehensive inventory of equipment for that purpose. 'Senses' was built by Fr. Schweers Shipyard in Germany at their Berne shipyard. 'Senses' features a displacement steel hull and a steel/aluminium superstructure, with teak decks. 'Senses' is equipped with an ultra-modern stabilization system which reduces the free surface effect and results in a smoother cruising experience underway.
Hearst helped make improvised explosive devices, one of which failed to detonate, in two unsuccessful attempts to kill policemen during August 1975. Marked money found in the apartment when she was arrested linked Hearst to the SLA armed robbery of Crocker National Bank in Carmichael, California. She was the getaway car driver for the robbery in which a woman was shot dead by a masked Emily Harris, thereby creating a potential for felony murder charges against Hearst, and making her a possible witness against Harris for a capital offense.
Carpenter originally wrote the screenplay for Escape from New York in 1976, in the aftermath of the Watergate scandal. Carpenter said, "The whole feeling of the nation was one of real cynicism about the President. I wrote the screenplay and no studio wanted to make it" because, according to Carpenter, "it was too violent, too scary, too weird." He had been inspired by the film Death Wish, which was very popular at the time. He did not agree with this film's philosophy but liked how it conveyed "the sense of New York as a kind of jungle, and I wanted to make a science fiction film along these lines".
Agnieszka Osiecka published numerous books and released many records (see the full list at www.okularnicy.org.pl). She is considered one of the most important, prolific and gifted persons in postwar Polish culture and history. Osiecka died on 7 March 1997 after a battle of several years with colon cancer. She is buried at the Powązki Cemetery in Warsaw.
When Kent was a youth, Australia had no nationwide chart system for singles or albums, and Kent kept his own tally of the positions provided by Sydney radio stations. In 1958, radio station 2UE provided the first give-away charts in record stores, with the first national charts compiled for Go-Set by rock journalist, Ed Nimmervoll appearing in October 1966. Kent worked for record companies, EMI and Polygram, and avidly collected record charts as a hobby. For 18 months, Kent researched Australian music charts and developed a ranking system based on radio station charts from around the country, from May 1974 he assembled the Kent Music Report. Kent's purposes were to provide the Australian music industry with information on singles and albums, and to chronicle the history of music tastes. The Kent Music Report was sold commercially from July 1974 and became the sole nationwide chart after Go-Set folded in August.
Joystick is a mutate like the Folding Circle as well as Silhouette, Midnight's Fire, and Speed Demon. Her powers come from the Universal Wellspring.
Heart of the (Gray) Matter, 2004: Joel Davis was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease, and wrote and award-winning first-person account of the brain surgery he underwent while conscious
Within days, United States Attorney General William B. Saxbe said Hearst was a "common criminal" and "not a reluctant participant" in the bank robbery. James L. Browning Jr. said that all participation in the robbery may have been voluntary, clarifying an earlier comment of his in which he said that Hearst may have been coerced into taking part. The FBI agent heading the investigation had said SLA members were photographed pointing guns at Hearst during the robbery. A grand jury indicted her for the robbery in June 1974.
Gracie (2007): Columbia, Columbia's Varsity Soccer Team, and Columbia's Marching Band were featured in Gracie, a film loosely based on the lives of alumni Elisabeth Shue and Andrew Shue; the film was directed by Elisabeth Shue's husband, Davis Guggenheim, and produced by the Shues (who also acted in it).
The son of John Thomas Woolrych Perowne (1863–1954), who married Edith Marione Browne in 1896, he was educated at Wellington College and Royal Military Academy, Woolwich, Perowne was commissioned into the Royal Engineers in 1923. He served in World War II with the Commandos in France and then as Commander of 69th Anti-Aircraft Brigade from 1942, 37th Anti-Aircraft Brigade from 1943 and 23rd Infantry Brigade in India and Burma from later in 1943. As Commander of 23rd Brigade he fought a successful campaign in the Naga hills. He was present at the reoccupation of Malaya in 1945.
Robert Sternberg (born 1949, class of 1968), psychologist and researcher in the field of human intelligence and primary figure behind the triarchic theory of intelligence.
Headley also uncovered evidence that, in the house fire in LA that killed six members of the SLA, at least one of the suspects were shot in the back while trying to surrender.
ICF medalists for Olympic and World Championships – Part 2: rest of flatwater (now sprint) and remaining canoeing disciplines: 1936–2007 at WebCite (archived 2009-11-09)
Dave Matthews & Friends performed occasional shows again in 2004, 2005, and 2006. In 2008, Reynolds joined Dave Matthews Band on their summer North American tour, and scheduled to rejoin them on their Spring 2009 North American tour.
In 1988, Shealy worked as an organizer for Taxpayers for the Lottery. The group worked to bring the lottery to South Carolina, a cause championed by Shealy's father. Shealy ran campaigns for a plethora of politicians over the years and had an impressive track record in bringing dark horse candidates to victory.
Len Wiseman was attached to direct but he dropped out of the project; rumors then circulated that Brett Ratner would helm the film. As Ratner did not formally commit to the project, the identity of the director became unclear. The studio brought Jonathan Mostow in to rewrite, with an option to direct. In addition, Gerard Butler bowed out of his role, claiming "creative differences". Allan Loeb wrote a script for the New Line Cinema project. Breck Eisner was then announced as the director of the remake, which was said to have scrapped the idea of a post-apocalyptic New York like the original, but rather would feature a New York that had been built after the bomb.
Hart died on March 16, 2008, following a heart attack at his home in Euless, Texas, after returning from an autograph session in Pennsylvania. On April 5, 2008, Peach State Pandemonium, an internet wrestling program, aired a two-hour tribute program in the memory of Hart. "Cowboy" Bill Watts, Jack Brisco, James Beard, Abdullah The Butcher, Michael "P.S." Hayes, Kevin Sullivan, George Steele, Skandor Akbar, and Jim Ross were among those who attended. Following his death, his autobiography, My Life In Wrestling...With A Little Help From My Friends, was released in 2009 but is now out of print.
The etymology of the scientific name is from Saxicola, "rock-dweller", from Latin saxum, a rock + incola, dwelling in; and tectes, onomatopoetic New Latin after the species' call, from the Réunion Creole name tec-tec.
The Vietnam era generally coincided with a time of protest against all things establishment. One manifestation of this was the ascendancy of Ultimate (also known as Ultimate Frisbee), which became popular around the country as an alternative to varsity sports. The game was conceived of by Columbia students in the late 1960s. It is said that the first organized game took place in 1968 in the lower Parker Avenue parking lot (aka the Student Parking Lot) between the staff of the school's student newspaper, The Columbian, and the Student Council. An annual CHS Ultimate Alumni game is played in the student parking lot on the night of Thanksgiving. The event has drawn former CHS Ultimate players from as far back as the original 1968 team to return to "The Lot" to play against the current incarnation of the team.
City Library: The Médiathèque de l’Europe was inaugurated in October 2006. In it can be found CDs, books (novels, comics, documentaries, magazines etc.), DVDs, music scores…
In his youth he moved to Bernalda in the province of Matera. He begun his military career on October 22, 1967 and began attending courses at the Military Academy in Modena and studied at the Carabinieri School in Rome, graduating in Law. He was editor-in-chief of Il Carabiniere, the monthly magazine published by the Arms of Carabinieri.
The pair's mission was: "to organize the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful." With a US$1-million loan from friends and family, the inaugural team eventually moved into a Mountain View office by the start of 2000. In 1999, Page experimented with smaller sized server units so that Google could fit more into each square meter of the third-party warehouses that the company rented to store their servers, which eventually led to a search engine that ran much faster than Google's competitors at the time.
(2) an artificial market using personal vouchers, which ensures freedom of choice but avoids the adverse effects of real markets. Although some have called this system "a form of money based on the labour theory of value", it is not a money model since vouchers cannot be used as a general medium of exchange and store of wealth.
In September 2013, Page launched the independent Calico initiative, a R&D project in the field of biotechnology. Google announced that Calico seeks to innovate and make improvements in the field of human health, and appointed Art Levinson, chairman of Apple's board and former CEO of Genentech, to be the new division's CEO. Page's official statement read: "Illness and aging affect all our families. With some longer term, moonshot thinking around healthcare and biotechnology, I believe we can improve millions of lives."
Columbia High School has a series of clubs. The Columbian is a club where students write a newspaper for students and staff of Columbia High School that includes topics from in the school itself, but also includes current events from around the world. The paper was recognized by the American Scholastic Press Association in 2014-15 with first place in its Scholastic Newspaper Awards.
Fotopoulos describes Inclusive Democracy as "a new conception of democracy, which, using as a starting point the classical definition of it, expresses democracy in terms of direct political democracy, economic democracy (beyond the confines of the market economy and state planning), as well as democracy in the social realm and ecological democracy. In short, inclusive democracy is a form of social organisation which re-integrates society with economy, polity and nature. The concept of inclusive democracy is derived from a synthesis of two major historical traditions, the classical democratic and the socialist, although it also encompasses radical green, feminist, and liberation movements in the South".
During World Class' golden era, Hart was also a manager in the Georgia and Mid-Atlantic regions of the NWA; joining these two areas exclusively in 1983 shortly after the start of the Freebirds-Von Erichs feud, when he left World Class due to a pay dispute. Hart returned to Texas in the summer of 1984 and following a short hiatus in 1986; stayed with the federation until 1988. Hart was also a promoter and manager in San Antonio for Texas All-Star Wrestling, the successor of Joe Blanchard's Southwest Championship Wrestling (SCW) group. He also worked for the ICW, first as the heel manager of Bruiser Brody, Kevin Sullivan and Mark Lewin. During one storyline, Hart had a falling out with Sullivan, after which Lewin attacked Hart with a sleeper hold.
Association de recherche et de sauvegarde de l'histoire de Roissy-en-France (A.R.S.H.R.F.), Roissy-en-France 1900 / 2000, Mémoire d'un siècle, 2003 (voir dans la bibliographie)
La chirurgie comprenant principalement l'ablation de la tumeur, la néphrectomie élargie (comprenant le plus souvent la surrénale et les ganglions situés à proximité)
Dès les années 1920, les communes voisines d'Arnouville, Goussainville et dans une moindre mesure Louvres, desservies par la ligne ferroviaire Paris-Lille connurent une expansion démographique spectaculaire avec la création de nombreux lotissements de banlieue. Roissy, demeurée à l'écart du chemin de fer et de l'industrialisation restait un village agricole et s'appauvrit progressivement. Le nombre de commerces passa de quatre-vingt-quatre en 1896 à seulement dix-huit en 1964. Le même phénomène se produisit dans de nombreux autres villages du Pays de France non desservis par une voie ferrée.
Au 1er avril 2017, les services Asama sont actuellement effectués par des Shinkansen série E7 et W7. De 1997 à 2017, ils étaient également effectués par des Shinkansen série E2.
L'alimentation industrielle convient parfaitement à la croissance du chiot et à l'adulte. L'alimentation ménagère nécessite un supplément en vitamines et en calcium.
Attirant dans ses clubs les meilleurs joueurs des deux hémisphères, monnayant des droits de diffusion TV avantageux, populaire auprès du public qui garnit les stades, le Top 14 est aujourd'hui considéré comme le championnat national de rugby le plus riche au monde.
En application du schéma départemental de coopération intercommunale, elle fusionne le 1er janvier 2017 avec la communauté de communes Bourbre-Tisserands, la communauté de communes de la Vallée de l'Hien et la communauté de communes Les Vallons du Guiers pour créer la Communauté de communes Les Vals du Dauphiné.
D'autres auteurs se sont inspirés de ce village pour agrémenter leurs œuvres. On peut citer Paul Fort dans son recueil Ballades Françaises, mais également quelques écrivains locaux comme Eugène Soitel avec Roissy dans la passé ; Fernande Castelnau avec Le Carême de Roissy-en-France ; Aimé Julien avec Le Roman de Roissy-en-France.
L'entartage de Philippe Douste-Blazy, en 1995, a également donné lieu à un dépôt de plainte contre Noël Godin, mais le procès a débouché sur une relaxe.
La Chapelle-d'Abondance relève de l'arrondissement de Thonon-les-Bains et de la cinquième circonscription de la Haute-Savoie, dont le député est Marc Francina (UMP) depuis les élections de 2012.
Durant son enfance, Adam Young a révélé qu'il aimait faire du skateboard, activité qu'il pratique toujours, bien qu'il avoue dévouer la majeure partie de son temps à la création musicale.
« Une mise en scène efficace et quelques scènes dures servent le propos de ce film, regard moderne sur une société où la soumission exigée des femmes va croissant. »
En 1949, elle achève son second roman, Sous la baguette du Coudrier, dont elle diffère la publication. Le 24 novembre 1952, elle donne sa conférence Réminiscence au Cénacle libanais, dont elle est le premier membre féminin.
Miller est utilisé comme receveur réserviste par les équipes dont il porte les couleurs. Il n'a jamais disputé plus de 39 parties dans une même saison et a fait de fréquents séjours dans les ligues mineures depuis ses premiers matchs joués dans les majeures.
Le kabupaten de Pontianak, en indonésien Kabupaten Pontianak, est un kabupaten d'Indonésie situé dans la province du Kalimantan occidental. Son chef-lieu est Mempawah.
Contrairement aux compagnies de théâtre baroque, celles de commedia dell’arte employaient des actrices professionnelles, au lieu de faire interpréter les rôles féminins par des hommes, ce qui est le cas chez Shakespeare, par exemple, qui s'était inspiré de la Commedia dans La Nuit des rois et dans La Comédie des erreurs. Les troupes de commedia dell’arte étaient généralement composées de trois femmes et sept hommes, les plus riches ayant un « poète maison ».
Ilana Salama Ortar a reçu le prix des Arts Visuels de la Loterie israélienne (2012/2014) et le prix du Ministère de l'Éducation (en) en Israël pour les Arts visuels (2006). Son travail a été soutenu par, entre autres, le Collège académique de Safed, Marseille Provence 2013, Ateliers Euro-Méditerranée, Centre international de création et de formation arts électroniques de l'École des Beaux Arts de Marseille, la Cité internationale des arts (Paris), et la Fondation Beaumarchais.
Michel Debré, né le 15 janvier 1912 dans le 7e arrondissement de Paris et mort le 2 août 1996 à Montlouis-sur-Loire, est un homme d'État français, notamment le premier Premier ministre de la Ve République, de 1959 à 1962, il est considéré comme l’un des « barons du gaullisme ».
Entre 1947-1948 et 1991-1992, une phase qualificative permet de retenir 32 équipes pour disputer des seizièmes de finale ou 16 équipes pour disputer des huitièmes de finale. On établissait un tableau des rencontres, qui était fonction du classement des équipes pendant la phase de qualification (le premier classé rencontrant le dernier qualifié, le 2e l’avant dernier etc.) et la qualification pour les tours suivants se faisait en général sur un seul match.
Dans les films de Jan Bucquoy et de son producteur Francis De Smet, il incarne, entre autres, une parodie de l'écrivain belge Pierre Mertens (voir : La Vie sexuelle des Belges 1950-78, en 1994, et Camping Cosmos, en 1996), et il joue son propre personnage dans La Vie politique des Belges, en 2002, et dans Les Vacances de Noël, en 2005.
Autrefois le terme désignait en charpenterie, une porte mobile, posée verticalement entre deux coulisses, qui servait à retenir ou lâcher les eaux d'une écluse ou d'un étang.
Entre 1914 et 1919, les familles Bustros (en) et Tuéni partent pour l’Égypte pour fuir la guerre. Eveline fait ses débuts littéraires dans la revue Ébauche. Elle entreprend des recherches en vue d’un roman historique sur les premières années de l'Islam.
L'élite commence vraiment à se resserrer en 2000-2001 avec 21 équipes réparties en deux poules (une de dix clubs, l'autre de onze). Les quatre premières équipes de chaque poule sont qualifiées pour disputer des quarts de finale, la compétition se poursuivant par élimination directe jusqu'à la finale. L'élite est à nouveau réduite en 2001-2002 avec la création du Top 16 avec seize clubs répartis en deux poules. Les quatre premiers clubs de chaque poule disputent ensuite des play-offs, deux poules de quatre dont les deux premiers sont qualifiés pour les demi-finales. Cette formule est conservée jusqu'à la saison 2003-2004.
Pierre-Louis Duchartre, La Comédie italienne ; l'improvisation, les canevas, vies, caractères, portraits, masques des illustres personnages de la commedia dell’arte Paris, Librairie de France, 1924
À la suite de ces tensions, le XV de France est boycotté par les équipes britanniques qui voient ces dérives d’un très mauvais œil, au point d’être exclu du Tournoi des Cinq Nations. La FFR trouve enfin un accord en 1932 avec les clubs entrés en dissidence, mais les conséquences de la crise sont profondes : ses effectifs diminuent très fortement et le nombre de clubs passe de 784 en 1930 à 663 en 1934 et 558 en 1939, de nombreux clubs arrêtent purement et simplement le rugby, alors que d'autres rejoignent le rugby à XIII, professionnel, lancé en 1934 en France.
Le 26 avril 1800, il est promu chef de brigade par le général en chef Moreau, et commandant la 16e demi-brigade de ligne. Employé dans la 8e division militaire, il est fait chevalier de la Légion d’honneur le 11 décembre 1803, et officier de l’ordre le 14 juin 1804.
En 1964, Jack Heuer se consacre à sa passion pour le sport automobile et lance la montre Heuer Carrera, hommage à la Carrera Panamericana des années 1950. Cette montre sera portée par de nombreux pilotes de course et donne naissance à l'une des plus belles collections de la marque. En 1965, Jack Heuer présente un prototype du Slalom Timer à la Foire horlogère de Bâle. Il s’agit du premier instrument de chronométrage électronique, précis au 1/100e de seconde[réf. nécessaire]
Erik Komatsu est d'abord drafté par les Yankees de New York, qui le choisissent au 38e tour de sélection en 2007, mais il ne signe pas avec l'équipe. Il signe cependant avec les Brewers de Milwaukee, qui en font leur choix de 8e ronde en 2008 alors qu'il évolue à l'Université d'État de Californie à Fullerton.
D'après des travaux d'Étienne Pattou, ces armoiries seraient nées du mariage en 1552, d'Henri de Mesmes, seigneur de Roissy et Malassise, maîtres des requêtes et Chancelier du Royaume de Navarre, lieutenant civil et députés de Paris, avec Jeanne Hennequin, fille d'Oudard IV Hennequin, descendant de la famille Gentien ou Gentien d'Erigné. « De gueules à trois fasces ondées d'argent, à la bande d'azur semée de fleurs de lys d'or brochante » La bande d'azur semée de fleurs de lys a été accordée par le Roi Philippe le IV « Le Bel », en mémoire du service rendu à la bataille de Mons-en-Pévèle en 1304, par deux cousins, Jacques et Pierre Gentien.
De 1940 à 1944, Roissy vécut la situation de la France occupée. Le village fut libéré le mercredi 30 août 1944 par les troupes américaines. Plusieurs écrits, documents photographiques ou témoignages de Roisséens relatent la libération de Roissy-en-France par l'armée américaine ainsi que les jours qui ont précédé cet évènement historique.
La Patrie s'inspire, pour la présentation des journaux français et américains contemporains. « Tout en suivant une ligne éditoriale et en offrant des articles d’opinion, le journal a pour principale qualité d’être utile et agréable. La Patrie respire cette philosophie nouvelle et fait place, chaque semaine, à un feuilleton, à un supplément musical, à de la poésie ou à un courrier de la mode, et passe en revue l’actualité locale, nationale et internationale (...). Se voulant populaire, elle en donne au lecteur, comme on dit, pour son argent, et contribue à inventer, dans la presse canadienne-française, ''le journal à bon marché, rempli de renseignements et de nouvelles, politiques aussi bien que variées''».
Martin Rosen est un cinéaste et un dramaturge américain. Il a été réalisateur et producteur de plusieurs films pour le cinéma et la télévision. Son œuvre cinématographique la plus connue est son long métrage d'animation La Folle Escapade (Watership Down), sorti en 1978. Il est le fondateur d'une compagnie de cinéma et de théâtre, Nepenthe Productions.
Le genre Calligrapha regroupe plus de 80 espèces de coléoptères de la famille des Chrysomelidae, des insectes phytophages originaires des régions tempérées des Amériques qui se nourrissent de nombreuses espèces d'arbres et arbrisseaux. Ils sont couramment appelés calligraphes, en raison des motifs qui ornent leurs élytres.
Notices d'autorité : Fichier d’autorité international virtuel • International Standard Name Identifier • Bibliothèque nationale de France (données) • Système universitaire de documentation • Bibliothèque du Congrès • Gemeinsame Normdatei • Bibliothèque royale des Pays-Bas • Bibliothèque nationale de Catalogne • WorldCat
La topologie faible sur le groupe des difféomorphismes est la « topologie compacte-ouverte » au sens de la convergence uniforme sur tout compact de la fonction et de ses dérivées jusqu'à l'ordre k. Elle est métrisable (par σ-compacité de M).
Signifiant littéralement « théâtre interprété par des gens de l’art », c'est-à-dire des comédiens professionnels, le terme est, de nos jours, utilisé dans de nombreuses langues, parmi lesquelles le français ou l'anglais.
Le classement du championnat de France permet de déterminer les clubs admis à participer à la Coupe d'Europe de rugby à XV et au Challenge européen de rugby à XV. Les six ou sept clubs français les mieux classés au championnat de France participent à la Coupe d'Europe, les autres équipes de l’élite disputent le Challenge européen.
Selon ses concepteurs, l'élément architectural principal a vocation à se distinguer de la rigidité des tours et barres construites à l'époque dans l'agglomération nantaise. Son profil s'avère moins brutal, s'atténuant par paliers successifs jusqu'au sol.
Joel Hastings Metcalf, né le 4 janvier 1866 à Meadville en Pennsylvanie et mort le 23 février 1925 à Portland dans le Maine, est un astronome américain.
On a ignoré longtemps avec exactitude à quelle famille seigneuriale ces armoiries appartenaient. Il semblerait qu'elles soient très anciennes, remontant aux 12e ou 13e siècles.
À la Libération, il reprend son métier d'avocat. Il est avocat commis d'office de Pierre Laval en 1945, avec ses confrères Jacques Baraduc et Yves-Frédéric Jaffré, mais ils demandent à être déchargés de cette mission « pour protester hautement devant l'opinion, afin qu'elle sache que, dans une telle affaire, il y a des avocats sans dossier ». Il s'en explique dans son livre Pourquoi je n'ai pas défendu Laval et dans un article au Monde en 1969. Il a été aussi l'avocat d'Henri Béraud en 1944, de Louis-Ferdinand Céline de 1947 à 1951, d'Adrien Marquet et d'Henri Labroue en 1948, et a défendu également d'autres collaborateurs, pour la plupart condamnés à mort comme Robert de Beauplan, Mathilde Carré, ou trois anciens gardiens du Camp de concentration de Natzweiler-Struthof en 1955. Sa conférence sur le thème « la Justice partisane et l'amnistie » a été interdite en 1949.
Avec un taux de taxe d’habitation de 4,10 % en 2005 , la pression fiscale pour les particuliers à Roissy était parmi les plus faibles du département et même de France. Il fallait néanmoins y ajouter 0,98 % pour la part intercommunale. Le taux départemental du Val-d'Oise était fixé la même année à 5,88 % de la valeur locative. À titre de comparaison, ce taux communal était de 6,90 % à Belloy-en-France, 10,59 % à Luzarches ou encore 12,54 % à Survilliers, communes du Pays de France de populations équivalentes,.
En novembre 1962, à l'occasion des élections législatives qui suivent la dissolution de l'Assemblée nationale, il tente de se faire élire député en Indre-et-Loire. Battu, il décide en mars 1963, à la suite de l'invalidation de l'élection de Gabriel Macé, de se présenter à La Réunion, une île qu'il a découverte avec le président de la République lors d'un voyage le 10 juillet 1959. Ce choix s'explique par sa crainte de voir ce qui reste de l'empire colonial français suivre la voie empruntée par l'Algérie, une indépendance pour laquelle il n'était pas favorable à titre personnel. Ainsi, Michel Debré prend acte de la fondation par Paul Vergès quelques années auparavant du Parti communiste réunionnais, un mouvement qui réclame activement l'autonomie de l'île et la suppression du statut de DOM.
La commedia dell’arte inspira les plus grands dramaturges français, que ce soit Pierre Corneille, l'Illusion comique, le personnage de Matamore, Molière, qui partagea une salle pendant un temps avec les « Comédiens Italiens du Roi » de la Comédie-Italienne, et JF Regnard qui écrivit pour ces comédiens, parmi lesquels figurait le fameux Scaramouche (Tiberio Fiorelli), et Angelo Constantini (Mezzetin, le 1er des comédiens italiens à se démasquer et plus tard Pierre Carlet de Chamblain de Marivaux écrivit pour eux.
Le SBS fera venir une chaleur épouvantable qui provoquera des maladies mortelles parmi les nations du monde (mais sera pour les justes une source de guérison).
L'ASM Clermont Auvergne détient un anti-record : les Auvergnats ont participé à treize finales (1936, 1937, 1970, 1978, 1994, 1999, 2001, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2015 et 2017) mais n'ont gagné que celles de 2010 et 2017. Le RC Toulon, l'un de ses principaux rivaux des années 2010 arrive juste derrière avec le même nombre de finales disputées, 13, mais 4 de gagnées.
Louis Stouff (1859-1936). Les Origines de l'annexion de la Haute-Alsace à la Bourgogne en 1469 : Étude sur les terres engagées par l'Autriche en Alsace depuis le XIVe siècle, spécialement la seigneurie de Florimont. Dijon : Damidot, Nourry, Rey, Venot ; Paris : A. Rousseau, 1900. 1 vol.(xxv, 197 p. (Université de Dijon, Revue Bourguignonne de l'Enseignement supérieur ; Tome X, nos 3 et 4)
Sur le plan idéologique, Beaugrand et son journal défendent un libéralisme radical, qui correspond au vieux programme de l'Institut canadien. Cela « non seulement l’entraîne dans de vives polémiques avec les conservateurs et le clergé, mais l’oppose aussi aux libéraux modérés, comme Honoré Mercier, dont il dénonce la coalition avec les conservateurs nationaux, et Wilfrid Laurier, qui se méfie de lui et réussira bientôt à l’écarter.»
Notices d'autorité : Fichier d’autorité international virtuel • International Standard Name Identifier • Bibliothèque nationale de France (données) • Système universitaire de documentation • Bibliothèque du Congrès • Gemeinsame Normdatei • Bibliothèque universitaire de Pologne • Base de bibliothèque norvégienne • WorldCat
Une vanne est un dispositif destiné à contrôler (stopper ou modifier) le débit d'un fluide liquide, gazeux, pulvérulent ou multiphasique, en milieu libre (canal) ou en milieu fermé (canalisation)
Sans club, il s'entraine un temps avec le Red Star 93 (CFA), et songe un temps à rejoindre l'effectif de la banlieue parisienne. Finalement, la piste d'un ultime challenge sportif de haut niveau est abandonné. L'ex-joueur se consacre alors au beach-soccer et à l'indoor.
Le championnat 2004-2005 réunit pour la première fois une poule unique de seize clubs, les quatre premières équipes sont qualifiées pour disputer les demi-finales. Le championnat prend le nom de Top 14 à partir de la saison 2005-2006, comme son nom l'indique, quatorze clubs disputent cette compétition. Les quatre premières équipes sont qualifiées pour les demi-finales. À noter que les deux premiers du Championnat ne disposent pas de l'avantage du terrain, les demi-finales se jouant sur terrain neutre, l'avantage de terminer à l'une des deux premières places est donc limité.
Melvin Eugene Carnahan dit Mel Carnahan est un homme politique américain, né le 11 février 1934 et mort le 16 octobre 2000 dans un accident d'avion. Membre du Parti démocrate, il est le 41e gouverneur du Missouri de 1993 à sa mort.
Le schéma, intégrant notamment cette évolution, est approuvé par un arrêté préfectoral du 30 mars 2016, et la communauté de communes du Ternois, dont la commune est désormais membre, est créée par un arrêté préfectoral du 30 août 2016 qui a pris effet le 1er janvier 2017.
(9683) Rambaldo est un astéroïde de la ceinture principale d'astéroïdes. Il fut découvert le 24 septembre 1960 à l'Observatoire du Mont Palomar par Cornelis Johannes van Houten, Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld et Tom Gehrels. Il présente une orbite caractérisée par un demi-grand axe de 2,28 UA, une excentricité de 0,15 et une inclinaison de 5,2° par rapport à l'écliptique.
Un éditeur HTML (ou éditeur Web) est un logiciel conçu pour faciliter la préparation et la modification de documents écrits en Hypertext markup language (HTML). Un document HTML est le principal composant d'une page web. Il existe deux catégories d'éditeur :
La population de la commune est relativement âgée. Le taux de personnes d'un âge supérieur à 60 ans (23,7 %) est en effet supérieur au taux national (21,6 %) et au taux départemental (19,8 %). Contrairement aux répartitions nationale et départementale, la population masculine de la commune est supérieure à la population féminine (51 % contre 48,4 % au niveau national et 48,2 % au niveau départemental).
Une fois connue la liste des candidats ayant présenté leur candidature, un premier tri est opéré pour arrêter une liste restreinte (dite short-list) par analyse plus détaillée du CV et de la lettre de motivation. Cette liste prépare le stade du choix final avec les premiers entretiens avec les candidats retenus, l'administration éventuelle de tests psychotechniques, suivis d'entretien(s) avec le futur responsable hiérarchique et la personne chargée du recrutement. La décision finale étant le plus souvent le fruit d'une concertation collective.
Le championnat 1944-45 est remporté par le SU Agen qui bat le FC Lourdes en finale. Parmi les joueurs du SU Agen, à noter la présence de Albert Ferrasse et de Guy Basquet qui seront plus tard président et vice-président de la Fédération française de rugby. Le SU Agen dispute aussi deux finales en 1943 et 1947.
Des hippodromes aux couloirs de navigation, Heuer développe ses activités. Depuis le chronométrage des régates sur le lac Léman dans les années 1920, la voile a inspiré l’entreprise, qui songe à utiliser de nouveaux matériaux et à créer de nouvelles fonctions. Ainsi, en 1950, Heuer fait breveter et lance une montre maréographe, un chronographe de voile unique dérivé de la montre Solunar qui permet aux pêcheurs de déterminer l'heure à laquelle les poissons se nourrissent. Baptisé « Seafarer » aux États-Unis, ce nouveau chronographe est le premier doté d’un indicateur de marées et d’une fonction de compte à rebours de cinq minutes pour les compétitions de voile.
Chroniqueur de cinéma pour un magazine belge, Noël Godin écrivit un jour que le réalisateur imaginaire Georges Le Gloupier avait jeté une tarte à la crème au visage de Robert Bresson. Dans le numéro suivant, il annonça que Marguerite Duras, amie de Bresson, l'avait vengé en attaquant Le Gloupier de la même manière. Peu après, à l'occasion d'un passage en Belgique de Marguerite Duras, venue présenter son film Détruire, dit-elle à l'université de Louvain, Noël Godin se livra sur celle-ci à son premier entartage.
Les magnolias sont originaires d'Extrême-Orient (Japon, Chine), d'Asie centrale (Himalaya), d'Amérique du Nord (Sud des États-Unis), et d'Amérique centrale. Ils ont été largement acclimatés en Europe.
La Chapelle-d'Abondance appartient au canton d'Évian-les-Bains, qui compte selon le redécoupage cantonal de 2014 33 communes. Avant ce redécoupage, la commune appartenait au canton d'Abondance, dont Abondance était le chef-lieu.
Mais ce patriotisme s'accompagne d'un républicanisme également fervent : produit de l'enseignement républicain, Debré met sur le même plan aux fondements de sa pensée la nation et la république, celle-ci étant l'aboutissement et la réalisation de toutes les potentialités de celle-là. La différence avec de Gaulle est ici notamment générationnelle : vingt-deux ans les séparent, et Debré n'a jamais vécu une phase d'imprégnation nationaliste comme de Gaulle dans les années 1930.
La pratique s'est ensuite largement diffusée, notamment en Europe de l'Est et en Angleterre. C'est en effet à Londres qu'a eu lieu la première aventure de tricot collectif, appelée « Knit the City » (« tricote la ville »).
La troisième possède également une forme d'escalier, grâce une succession de sept tours de hauteurs déclinantes, et qui se poursuit ensuite sur une grande longueur sous la forme d'un immeuble de cinq étages qui serpente dans un parc.
Une fois la décision prise, elle implique un contrat de travail comportant le plus souvent une période d'essai, à l'issue de laquelle l'embauche sera définitive. L'accueil dans l'entreprise doit être soigné afin de faciliter l'intégration. Il se fait par une présentation de l'entreprise, une visite de l'établissement, un contact avec des collègues, la remise d'un livret d'accueil. Il arrive parfois que le nouvel arrivant soit pris en charge par un tuteur.
(en) « Essai d'une Nouvelle Agrostographie; ou Nouveaux Genres des Graminées; Avec Figures Représentant les Caractéres de tous le Genres. Imprimerie de Fain. Paris », sur The International Plant Names Index (IPNI), 2005 (consulté le 2 décembre 2017).
La microgravité caractérise un point de l'espace où les forces de gravitation ont un effet très faible, soit parce qu'il se trouve très éloigné de tout corps massif, soit parce que les influences gravitationnelles de plusieurs corps massifs s'y compensent presque exactement (par exemple en un point de Lagrange). La microgravité ne peut donc pas se produire au voisinage de la Terre.
Le dimanche 24 mars 2002, au vingt-deuxième Salon du Livre de la porte de Versailles en France, Noël Godin est à son stand où il dédicace son dernier livre Grabuge !. Un de ses amis l'informe alors que l'ancien ministre français Jean-Pierre Chevènement se rendra quelques heures plus tard à un autre stand et qu'il devra pour ce faire passer juste devant eux, mais aussi qu'il sera protégé par des gardes du corps. Chevènement est sur la liste d'entartés potentiels de Godin depuis la promulgation de la loi relative au séjour des étrangers en France. Lorsque Chevènement passe devant lui, il sort sa tarte, réussit à contourner les trois gardes du corps et l'envoie à la figure de Chevènement en s'exclamant : « De la part des sans pa-pi-ers, des sauvageons, des Pieds Nickelés ! ». Godin est attrapé et emmené par les gardes du corps de Chevènement qui promettent de lui régler son compte ; il est cependant protégé d'eux par les gardes de sécurité du salon, qui le remettent à la police. Il passe environ quatre heures en garde à vue au poste de police.
Atteint de la maladie de Parkinson, il meurt le 2 août 1996 dans sa villa de Montlouis-sur-Loire, en Indre-et-Loire. Il est enterré au cimetière d'Amboise, commune dont il a été maire de 1966 à 1989. Un dernier hommage solennel lui est rendu à Amboise le 5 août, au cours d'une cérémonie religieuse, en présence du président de la République Jacques Chirac, qui s'est achevée sur le parvis de la collégiale Saint-Denis avec les honneurs militaires et s'est conclue au son du « Chant des partisans ». Le Premier ministre, Alain Juppé, et une quinzaine de membres de son gouvernement, les anciens Premiers ministres Pierre Messmer et Édouard Balladur, de nombreuses personnalités du gaullisme étaient présents.
Les événements de mai 1968 retardent de trois semaines la tenue de la finale du championnat 1967-1968. Le FC Lourdes et le RC Toulon sont à égalité après prolongation, mais la finale ne peut pas être rejouée en raison de la date tardive de la rencontre, l'équipe de France devant partir en tournée en Nouvelle-Zélande quelques jours plus tard. Par conséquent, c'est Lourdes qui est déclaré vainqueur au bénéfice de ses deux essais marqués.
La commune relève de l'académie de Versailles. Les écoles du village sont gérées par l’inspection générale de l'inspection départementale de l’Éducation nationale de Louvres (Zac de la Fontaine, 10 square Madrid). La circonscription fait partie du bassin d'éducation et de formation de Gonesse.
Libros, lecturas, lectores. Francia, siglos XVIII-XX, Cahier hors série de Secuencia. Revista de historia y ciencias sociales, México, Instituto de Investigaciones históricas, 2009
Smiřice (en allemand : Smirschitz) est une ville du district de Hradec Králové, dans la région de Hradec Králové, en République tchèque. Sa population s'élevait à 2 847 habitants en 2017.
Durant la Seconde Guerre mondiale, elle poursuit ses activités au sein du mouvement féministe où elle assume les plus importantes responsabilités. En 1942, elle préside l’Union féminine libanaise arabe, fédération groupant les trente associations féminines reconnues par l’État libanais. Elle continue d’assumer cette fonction, en alternance avec Ibtihaj Kaddoura, jusqu’en 1946, puis de 1949 à 1953.
Jack Heuer crée la Monaco en 1969. La Monaco comporte les technologies suivantes : premier boîtier carré étanche, premier chronographe mécanique à remontage automatique au monde avec le calibre 11 Chronomatic puis calibre 12 développé avec Dubois-Depraz, Breitling et Hamilton-Buren, première pièce de haute horlogerie mêlant le bleu et les angles alors que la mode est aux montres rondes, plates, plaquées or au cadran blanc. Un an après elle figure au poignet de Steve McQueen dans le film Le Mans. Elle fut relancée en 1998, puis en 2002, en 2009 à l’occasion de ses quarante ans, puis enfin en 2011. La Monaco existe en deux versions dont : classique ou LS, laquelle est inspirée du design de la V4.
En mathématiques, un difféomorphisme est un isomorphisme dans la catégorie usuelle des variétés différentielles : c'est une bijection différentiable d'une variété dans une autre, dont la bijection réciproque est aussi différentiable.
Ces arbres se plaisent plutôt dans des sols frais, humifères, au pH neutre. Certaines espèces supportent des pH supérieurs à 7, mais redoutent le calcaire actif.
En parallèle de son engagement réunionnais, Michel Debré demeure actif et se voit confier de nouveaux postes. En décembre 1964, il fait voter une loi qui vise à éradiquer les bidonvilles en France. Il accepte plusieurs portefeuilles ministériels, à commencer par celui de l'Économie et des Finances en janvier 1966 ; n'ayant pas participé aux négociations des accords de Grenelle car n'étant pas jugé fin négociateur, il prend la tête de l'importante manifestation gaulliste des Champs-Élysées qui marque la fin des événements de Mai 68. Michel Debré est ensuite ministre des Affaires étrangères, de 1968 à 1969, puis ministre d'État, chargé de la Défense nationale, de 1969 à 1973 : il rédige un Livre blanc sur la défense, restructure les chantiers navals et entretient des relations ambiguës avec le président Pompidou, dont il dénonce la « mollesse ».
Il entre dans l'atelier du peintre Jacques-Louis David. Il a pour condisciples Jean-Germain Drouais, Jean-Baptiste Wicar, François Gérard et Antoine-Jean Gros.
Le tableau suivant donne la liste des joueurs qui ont remporté le plus souvent le titre de champion de France, et à titre indicatif les honneurs de vice-champion. Les quatre premières places sont prises par des joueurs de l'AS Béziers et les neuf premiers appartiennent à trois clubs seulement : l'AS Béziers, le Stade toulousain et le FC Lourdes. Viennent ensuite le Stade français et le Stade bordelais.
Le concept est toujours le même, sauf que chaque prime possède un thème, l'after après l'émission est de nouveau diffusé mais sur le compte Facebook et le site internet de l'émission.
Ce genre a été nommé Magnolia par le frère Charles Plumier (1646-1704), en l'honneur de Pierre Magnol (1638-1715), médecin et botaniste français, qui fut directeur du jardin botanique de Montpellier. Une autre hypothèse veut que ce soit Carl von Linné qui ait créé le mot Magnolia, également en l'honneur de Pierre Magnol et de son concept de famille, utilisé dans la classification botanique.
Le 24 mars 1988, il est élu au premier fauteuil de l'Académie française, succédant au prince Louis de Broglie. Sa réception officielle a lieu le 19 janvier 1989. Après sa mort, il est remplacé par François Furet, mort avant d'avoir pu siéger sous la Coupole, puis par René Rémond le 18 juin 1998.
Le recrutement interne privilégie la mobilité interne. Il consiste à pourvoir le poste en y nommant une personne qui travaille déjà au sein de l'entreprise. Lorsqu'elle est possible, cette méthode est souvent préférée par les GRH en raison des avantages certains qu'elle comporte.
En juin 2001, Noël Godin et ses complices essaient une première fois d'entarter Benjamin Castaldi, animateur de l'émission Loft Story sur M6. Le coup est raté puisqu'une employée de la station télé où se trouve Castaldi reconnaît Noël Godin, qui se trouve assis près de la station avec une tarte, et donne l'alerte. Plus tard, lorsque Castaldi s'engouffre dans le taxi, l'entarteur lui envoie sa tarte à la figure. C'est le complice caméraman filmant la scène qui s'écrie : « Entartons, entartons la télé attrape-couillons ! ».
L’objectif des tenants du professionnalisme était de réduire le nombre de clubs d’élite afin de rendre la compétition attractive et lisible pour le public, en limitant les affrontements des meilleurs clubs avec des clubs nettement inférieurs et en concentrant les meilleurs joueurs dans un nombre restreint d’équipes afin d’élever le niveau du championnat. La création de la Coupe d’Europe et l’existence d’un championnat anglais limité à douze clubs depuis 1987 furent d’autres éléments très incitatifs. Cette « révolution » ne se fait pas sans heurts.
Le Sillon de Bretagne a été conçu comme une petite ville à part entière. Haut de 97 m, abritant 781 logements (875 à l'origine) et 13 500 m2 de bureaux dans sa partie centrale, l'immeuble est conçu autour d'un noyau central constitué d'une tour de 13 étages sur lequel se greffent trois barres, chacune décalée de 120° par rapport aux autres.
L'établissement de l'aéroport dans les années 1970 a placé le modeste village du Pays de France au cœur d'un exceptionnel réseau de communication, qui le rend facilement accessible de toute la planète (500 destinations vers 130 pays) ainsi que de la plupart des villes de France et des pays limitrophes, grâce à sa gare TGV. L'aéroport est desservi par la ligne B du RER à raison de huit trains par heure de 5h00 à minuit (30 minutes du centre de Paris) et la gare TGV par plusieurs trains par jour, à destination des principales villes de France ou de Bruxelles.
La compétition est disputée par un nombre d’équipes qui est successivement de 40 (1947-1948 à 1950-1951), 64 (1951-1952 et 1952-1953), 48 (1953-1954 à 1958-1959), 56 (1959-1960 à 1966-1967), 64 (1967-1968 à 1974-1975), 80 (1975-1976 à 1978-1979) et 40 (1979-1980 à 1986-1987).
À Paris, Carlo Boso avec la compagnie « Mystère Bouffe », Luis Jaime-Cortez avec sa compagnie « Théâtre du Hibou », Attilio Maggiulli dans son théâtre « la Comédie italienne », évoluent dans la tradition de la commedia dell’arte. Hélène Bayard a adapté Le Roi cerf d'après Gozzi, et France Kadah-Theys a adapté "Les Jumeaux de Naples", d'après le moine comédien Adriani, et rédigé d'autres commedia dell'arte.
Contre la peine de mort, pendant de Pour la peine de mort de Jacques Charpentier (bâtonnier), Berger-Levrault, collection Pour ou contre, 1967
Dans le Top 14, chaque rencontre est gérée par une équipe de six arbitres : un arbitre de champ, deux juges-assistants (anciennement appelés juges de touche), deux arbitres chargés des remplacements (un par équipe), un arbitre vidéo (présent sur chaque match depuis la saison 2007-2008).
C'est une rue plutôt calme, sauf les jours de marché, comportant de nombreux commerces, presque tout le long, des deux côtés de la voie. Quelques hôtels et restaurants s'y tiennent également.
Les années 1930 sont dominées par le Biarritz olympique (quatre finales disputées et deux titres de champion) et le Lyon OU (trois finales et deux titres).
Henri Houmaire (dir.), Heinz M. Gloor, Edmond Bernard et Association de recherche et de sauvegarde de l'histoire de Roissy-en-France (A.R.S.H.R.F.), Roissy-en-France 1900 / 2000, Mémoire d'un siècle, Roissy-en-France, Mairie de Roissy-en-France / Heinz M. Gloor, 2003, 318 p.
En mai 1995, Noël Godin et sa bande décident d'entarter le chanteur et animateur de télé Pascal Sevran lorsqu'ils apprennent que ce dernier sera l'invité unique de l'émission Une pêche d'enfer, diffusée sur France 3 en vrai direct de la Grand-Place de Bruxelles. Quelques secondes après le début de l'émission, des entarteurs mêlés aux spectateurs se lèvent et envoient deux tartes à la figure de Sevran en s'exclamant : « Entartons, entartons le chancre aux chansons ! ». Sevran finira quand même l'entrevue après avoir essuyé la crème qu'il avait sur lui.
L'espace rural, composé des terres cultivées (essentiellement de la culture céréalière) et des surfaces non bâties de l'aéroport (pelouses) occupe 5,93 km2 soit 41 % de la surface communale. Parmi les 59 % d'espace construit, 4,43 km2 (soit 52,7 % de l'espace urbain) sont occupés par les installations aéroportuaires. 1,7 km2 (soit 20 %) sont occupés par des chantiers ou par la Francilienne, 1 km2 (soit 12 %) par des zones d'activité. L'habitat individuel et continu en bas du village (maisons de ville et petits collectifs) n'occupe pour sa part que 2,9 % de l'espace soit 24 hectares. Aucun cours d'eau permanent n'est présent sur le territoire communal.
Un difféomorphisme local est un difféomorphisme (global) si et seulement s'il est bijectif. Dans le cas des fonctions numériques entre intervalles, le théorème de la bijection assure que tout Ck-difféomorphisme local d'un intervalle réel sur un autre est un Ck-difféomorphisme (global). Ce résultat élémentaire se généralise aux dimensions supérieures et aux variétés sous la forme suivante :
À la radio, le Top 14 est tout aussi largement couvert sur Sud Radio depuis la professionnalisation du rugby. Depuis que RMC s'est positionnée sur le sport avec "Info Talk Sport" en 2001, tous les matchs du Top 14 sont radiodiffusés en multiplex, de nombreuses émissions sont consacrées au rugby et de nombreux anciens joueurs tels que Vincent Moscato, Serge Simon et Bernard Laporte en sont des animateurs vedettes de la station. Pendant la saison 2008-2009, tous les matchs du Top 14 sont radiodiffusés en multiplex sur Europe 1 avec Fabien Galthié comme consultant, à noter qu'Europe 1 est le précurseur du rugby à la radio dès 1968 avec la doublette Roger Couderc-Pierre Albaladejo avant que ces derniers fassent de la télévision en 1975 sur Antenne 2.
Depuis l'avènement de l'ère professionnelle lors de la saison 1995-1996, trente clubs ont disputé au moins trois saisons dans l'élite. Toutefois, lors des treize premières saisons de cette ère, seuls trois clubs ont conquis le Bouclier de Brennus : le Stade français cinq fois, le Stade toulousain cinq fois et le Biarritz olympique trois fois. Perpignan met fin à ce partage à trois en 2009.
Beaugrand entend mettre en œuvre une politique progressiste sur le plan de l'administration et des infrastructures. Il « entreprend de réformer la présentation du budget, d’augmenter l’efficacité du service de canalisation d’eau et des incendies, d’embellir les rues et de développer l’éclairage. Ce navigateur dans l’âme n’oublie pas d’améliorer les bacs qui servent de traversiers à une époque où seul le pont Victoria relie Montréal à la Rive-Sud.»
Il y restera neuf mois. On ne sait trop, rappelle Warren, ce qu'il y fait. Pour lui, pendant encore bien des années, ce sera trente-six métiers, trente-six misères. « Dans son Dictionnaire général du Canada, paru en 1931, le père Louis Le Jeune, rappelle le biographe, prétend qu’il y aurait tâté du journalisme, ce qui est possible puisqu’il est trilingue et que ce talent pour les langues est fort apprécié des éditeurs qui publient dans leurs feuilles des nouvelles du monde entier.» La rencontre avec cette France réelle sera pour lui décisive. La fréquentation des salons et sa participation à la vie culturelle lui apprennent « les codes de l’élégance et du bon goût européens ». Il profite également de son séjour en Europe pour élargir ses idées sociales et politiques. Durant cette période, il aurait peut-être été matelot en Angleterre ou « petit mousse » à bord d'un vapeur transatlantique. Pour Warren, « [c]es informations sont discutables, bien que plausibles, au vu de ses expériences sur les navires de son père.»
Honoré grandit au sein d’une famille de notables régionaux, francophiles, cultivés et politisés. Son père, son grand-père maternel et son parrain ont soutenu, lors des rébellions de 1837-1838, le Parti patriote. Ils adhèrent d’ailleurs tous au libéralisme radical des Rouges. En 1852, lorsque l’Institut canadien de Montréal ouvre une succursale à Lanoraie, son père et Louis Marion font partie des animateurs. Les liens de la famille avec ce qui deviendra le Parti libéral seront d’ailleurs toujours étroits.
Bukovany (en allemand : Bukwa, auparavant Buckwaest) est une commune du district de Sokolov, dans la région de Karlovy Vary, en Tchéquie. Sa population s'élevait à 1 535 habitants en 2017.
Le rugby est en France le deuxième sport collectif le plus populaire, même si dans certaines régions il fait jeu égal avec le football. Les régions du sud-ouest sont celles où ce sport est le plus pratiqué et suivi, tandis qu'au nord de l'hexagone il est beaucoup moins populaire. Hormis en Île-de-France, il n'y a aucun club de la moitié nord de la France ayant un statut professionnel en 2011/2012. Depuis l'arrivée du professionnalisme dans le monde du rugby (1995-1996), la majorité des nations majeures dans ce sport ont choisi de regrouper les clubs en provinces franchisées. En France, les clubs sont très populaires et font partie du patrimoine culturel; la France est aujourd'hui la seule nation avec l'Angleterre à avoir gardé son système de promotion/relégation dans le championnat d'élite. Voici le palmarès du championnat de France, recensé par région :
Le type d'homotopie des groupes des difféomorphismes de 3-variétés est assez bien compris grâce aux travaux d'Ivanov, Hatcher, Gabai (en) et Rubinstein (en) bien que quelques cas restent ouverts, en particulier parmi les 3-variétés sphériques (en), c'est-à-dire dont le groupe fondamental est fini.
Roissy se situe au cœur d'un impressionnant réseau routier dont le développement est lié intimement à l'aéroport Paris-Charles-de-Gaulle. Le village originel s'est développé le long de la route royale de Paris à Maubeuge, devenue route nationale 2. Dans les années 1970, l'interruption de l'itinéraire causée par la plate-forme aéroportuaire alors en construction a nécessité le déplacement de cet axe principal cinq kilomètres plus au sud et la transformation en voie express jusqu'à Dammartin-en-Goële. L'ancien itinéraire déclassé, rebaptisé RD 902, n'a plus qu'un rôle de desserte locale.
Au début du XXe siècle, le monde du chronométrage est confronté aux nouveaux enjeux de la course à la précision. En conséquence, Charles-Auguste lance un défi à ses employés : « […] fabriquer un compteur d’une précision cinq à dix fois supérieure à tout ce qui existe aujourd’hui ». C’est ainsi qu’en 1916, le Mikrograph, le Microsplit, le Semikrograph et le Semicrosplit voient le jour. Ce sont les premiers compteurs mécaniques au monde précis au 1/100e et 1/50e de seconde. Cet événement marque la naissance du sport moderne. De fait, ces chronomètres sont utilisés durant les Jeux olympiques d'Anvers, de Paris et d'Amsterdam. Des milliers de Mikrograph seront fabriqués durant soixante ans, jusqu’à l’interruption de leur production en 1969.
« Film superbe, intense, puissant, féminin et féministe (...). Les plans vibrent, exsudent le désir, magnifiant les visages et les corps de ses actrices (...). Le film glisse parfois vers la comédie farcesque (...), mais le tragique domine (...). Dans le contexte égyptien, Femmes du Caire est un brûlot politique et sensuel – politique parce que sensuel. »
Taco Bell est une chaîne de restauration rapide américaine, division du groupe Yum! Brands, Inc. et leader mondial sur le secteur des restaurants à thème Tex-Mex.
Cette tumeur se développe à partir du tissu à l'origine du rein : le blastème métanéphrotique de l'embryon. Les modèles actuels de la cancérogenèse indiquent qu'une mutation génétique laisse persister ce tissu embryonnaire après la vie intra-utérine.
Le chien d'Artois peut devenir un excellent chien de compagnie de caractère indépendant, à condition qu'on lui permette de se défouler régulièrement dans des courses ou de longues promenades.
Les investigateurs principaux (Principal Investigator, PI) siègent au conseil exécutif (Executive Concil, EC) du NAI pendant toute la période où leur équipe est subventionnée. Le conseil exécutif comprend aussi le directeur adjoint de l'institut et son directeur, ce dernier agissant en tant que président du conseil. Le conseil est chargé de déterminer les objectifs et missions prioritaires du NAI, de considérer et d'évaluer les propositions de formation de groupes de discussion (Focus Group), de considérer et d'évaluer les demandes de partenariats externes, de garder à jour un système d'auto-évaluation de l'institut.
Après la chute de la République de Weimar, Grundig est déclaré artiste dégénéré par les nazis. Certaines de ses œuvres figurent dans la fameuse exposition d'Art dégénéré à Munich en 1937. Il exprime alors son hostilité envers le régime avec des tableaux tels que Les Mille Années du Reich (1936). Interdit d'exercer sa profession, il est arrêté deux fois brièvement, en 1936 et à nouveau en 1938, après quoi il est interné en camp de concentration de Sachsenhausen de 1940 à 1944.
Le maire de Montréal en 1885, Jean-Louis Beaudry, cherche à obtenir un dixième mandat à la tête de la ville. Il fait cependant l'objet de nombreuses critiques. D'aucuns l'estiment trop âgé et hypothéqué par une surdité profonde qui l'empêche même de suivre les séances du conseil. On reproche à son administration son manque de vision et de dynamisme. On souhaiterait un candidat plus jeune. Certains avancent le nom d'Honoré Beaugrand, homme d'affaires dynamique et progressiste. Le fait qu'il soit parfaitement bilingue, qu'il ait vécu aux États-Unis, que sa femme soit protestante, sont des points en sa faveur dans le milieu anglo-protestant montréalais. Prié de poser sa candidature, il accepte. S'il est désigné, il sera, à trente-six ans, le plus jeune maire de Montréal. Beaugrand n'est pas hostile au maire de l'époque. Il insiste simplement sur le fait qu'un renouveau est nécessaire.
Aux Gelosi succédèrent, vers 1614, les Comici Fedeli, qui se rendirent à Paris sur l’invitation de Marie de Médicis. Ils y revinrent en 1621 et en 1624. Puis un des leurs, Nicolo Barbieri dit Beltrame, forma une nouvelle troupe qui séjourna à Paris, et dont Molière enfant suivit les représentations. Puis, rivaux de Molière, on vit les comédiens italiens du Roi, dirigés par l'Arlequin Dominique : Domenico Biancolelli ; celui-ci fut reçu par Louis XIV, qui l'appréciait beaucoup.
En 1985, Heuer, après avoir été racheté trois ans auparavant par Piaget, rejoint le Groupe TAG (Techniques d'avant garde), société spécialisée dans les technologies de pointe et propriétaire de l'écurie de Formule 1 McLaren. Akram Ojjeh, homme d’affaires saoudien et fondateur du Groupe TAG, est à l’origine de la renaissance de la marque horlogère helvétique TAG Heuer dans les années 1980. En 1985, Akram Ojjeh rachète Heuer. C’est ainsi que la société est rebaptisée « TAG Heuer » et qu’elle devient une filiale du Groupe TAG. Fort désormais d'un actionnaire puissant, et à la suite de l'arrivée de Christian Viros en 1987 à la tête de l'horloger, TAG Heuer connaîtra à partir de 1988 une croissance soutenue pendant plusieurs années grâce à une politique commerciale offensive, basée entre autres sur la mise en place d’une distribution sélective, et d’un effort publicitaire important.
La saison 1957-1958 voit l'opposition des deux frères Manterola qui jouent chacun dans l'une des deux équipes finalistes : le FC Lourdes et le Sporting Club mazamétain. Ces deux équipes sont conduites par deux fortes personnalités, le Lourdais Jean Prat, Monsieur Rugby et le Docteur Mias du côté mazamétain. Jean Prat remporte son sixième et dernier titre de champion de France, tandis que Lucien Mias, malgré de glorieux succès avec l'équipe de France, ne sera jamais champion de France.
En 2007, le salaire moyen d'un joueur de rugby du Top 14 est de 10 300 euros bruts par mois, soit quatre fois moins qu'un joueur de football de Ligue 1. Jonny Wilkinson est le joueur le mieux payé du Top 14 en 2009 avec un salaire annuel de près d'un million d'euros.
En 1985, TAG Heuer s’associe avec McLaren, formant ce qui va devenir l'un des plus longs partenariats de l’histoire de la Formule 1. Lancée en 1987, la ligne S/el (Sport et élégance) propose un bracelet en forme de double S, appelé « link », qui appartient depuis lors aux codes de TAG Heuer. La S/el est le modèle favori d’Ayrton Senna, qui devient l’ambassadeur de la marque en 1988.
Après l'entartage de Bill Gates, plusieurs groupes d'entarteurs se créent un peu partout à travers le monde. En avril 2000, Noël Godin et huit complices s'envolent pour le Canada où les ont invités un groupe d'entarteurs du Québec. Là ils rencontrent des membres des Biotic Baking Brigade, des TAART et d'autres groupes sympathisants du monde entier. Un midi, tout le monde se rend au palace Château Champlain de Montréal où a lieu un souper-causerie présidé par le ministre des Finances du Québec, Bernard Landry. Cent cinquante décideurs provenant de tout le Canada assistent à l'événement. Un entarteur québécois réussit à entarter l'influent délégué du Québec à Boston. Godin essaie quant à lui de se frayer un chemin jusqu'à Landry mais plusieurs agents de sécurité s'accrochent à ses vêtements ; il réussit à se rendre jusqu'à Landry mais Maurice Prudhomme, le vice-président du syndicat Fédération des travailleurs du Québec, se lève pour protéger Landry et est entarté à sa place. Pendant ce temps, un groupe d'entarteuses françaises vident leurs bombes aérosol de crème fouettée sur les costumes des participants. Landry recevra assez d'éclaboussures de crème pour que des photos paraissent le lendemain dans les journaux. Le Journal de Montréal du 9 avril 2000 titre : « L'Internationale pâtissière est vraiment née quand un commando d'entartistes de tous pays a semé la pagaille dans une salle de conférence. »
Lors de la saison suivante, la finale oppose le RC Toulon, qui vient de remporter la Coupe d'Europe face à Clermont, au Castres olympique. Les Castrais s'imposent sur le score de 19 à 14. Les clubs de Toulon et Castres constituent également l'affiche de la finale de l'édition 2014, les Toulonnais réalisant le doublé championnat de France-Coupe d'Europe en s'imposant sur le score de 18 à 10. Depuis les années 2010, on note un retour au premier plan de Toulon qui dispute trois finales d'affilée 2012-2013-2014. Durant cette période, le champion de France change tous les ans : Toulouse en 2012, Castres en 2013, Toulon en 2014, le Stade Français en 2015. En 2015 le Stade Français fait sensation en éliminant en demi-finale le triple champion d'Europe en titre Toulon et son dauphin l'ASM Clermont en finale. C'est le 14e titres de champion pour Paris mais une 11e désillusion pour Clermont en finale du championnat qui perd cette année ses deux finales (Coupe d'Europe face au RCT, Top14 face à Paris).
Les années 1970-1984 voient une nette domination du championnat par l'AS Béziers qui, grâce à une génération de joueurs exceptionnelle et un entraîneur en avance sur son temps, Raoul Barrière, remporte dix titres de champion. La domination de l'AS Béziers est telle qu'en 1972 sept Biterrois font partie de l'équipe de France qui affronte l'Irlande à Colombes : les avants Armand Vaquerin, Alain Estève, Olivier Saïsset, Jean-Louis Martin et Yvan Buonomo, le demi de mêlée Richard Astre et l'ailier Jack Cantoni. En 1977, l'AS Béziers compte douze joueurs internationaux en activité. Cette année-là, les Biterrois Alain Paco et Michel Palmié remportent le bouclier de Brennus, après avoir réussi le Grand Chelem avec l'équipe de France. Armand Vaquerin avec dix boucliers, Jean-Louis Martin avec neuf, Alain Estève et Michel Palmié avec huit, font partie d'une génération qui accumule les titres.
Florimont est une commune française située dans le département du Territoire de Belfort en région Bourgogne-Franche-Comté. Elle fait partie du canton de Delle. Ses habitants sont appelés les Florimontois.
Le comte de Forbin, directeur du musée royal du Louvre, choisit les tableaux modernes appartenant à l'État. Le gouvernement charge Naigeon d'aller discuter à Bruxelles avec son maître David l'achat de tableaux. Il acquiert les Sabines, Léonidas, Horaces et Brutus.
Le mont Moustag (la « Perle de la Chourie ») est accessible aux skieurs. On peut atteindre également le lac Koul-Taïga sur la montagne du même nom. Il existe plusieurs grottes, dont les grottes de Kizass, la grotte Nadejda (Espérance), qui sont des monuments naturels, comme la chute d'eau Saga, etc.
Les deux finalistes sont à nouveau à égalité à la fin du temps règlementaire lors de la finale du championnat 1950-51, mais le règlement prévoit alors qu'une prolongation soit disputée : l'US Carmauxremporte le titre en battant le Stadoceste tarbais par 14-12.
L'évolution du nombre d'habitants est connue à travers les recensements de la population effectués dans la commune depuis 1793. À partir de 2006, les populations légales des communes sont publiées annuellement par l'Insee. Le recensement repose désormais sur une collecte d'information annuelle, concernant successivement tous les territoires communaux au cours d'une période de cinq ans. Pour les communes de moins de 10 000 habitants, une enquête de recensement portant sur toute la population est réalisée tous les cinq ans, les populations légales des années intermédiaires étant quant à elles estimées par interpolation ou extrapolation. Pour la commune, le premier recensement exhaustif entrant dans le cadre du nouveau dispositif a été réalisé en 2007.
Les magnolias ont une distribution naturelle discontinue, avec un centre principal à l'Est et au Sud de l'Asie et un centre secondaire dans l'Est de l'Amérique du Nord, Amérique centrale, les Antilles, et pour certaines espèces en Amérique du Sud.
2015 : Le Bain de foule du Président Grolandais Salengro à Toulouse pour la distribution des Eugros au peuple Groccitan, Carnets filmés de Gérard Courant - un participant à la parade.
À partir du début du XVe siècle, Roissy fut la seigneurie de Jean Jouvenel des Ursins, fils de Jacques Jouvenel des Ursins, ancien prévôt des marchands de Paris, devenu archevêque de Reims en 1449. Mais il en fut dépossédé par les Anglais, avant que la seigneurie ne revienne un peu plus tard à Raoul Juvenel des Ursins, chanoine de Paris, se disant en 1482 seigneur de Roissy. Ce dernier parvint à se faire concéder par le roi Louis XI le droit de haute justice, qui ne fut réellement appliqué qu'en 1522 à la suite de nombreuses difficultés.
Le projet traite de la Tour des Prophètes, un centre commercial moderne en verre et métal construit en 1979 sur l'emplacement de la Villa Khury à Wadi Nisnas (en), un site emblématique de la résistance arabe pendant la guerre de 1948. Il rend visibles les strates de mémoire de la ville et amène la population mixte de Haïfa à communiquer sur le sujet. Le projet est élaboré sur la base de témoignages recueillis au travers de questionnaires et d'interviews, et activé par le biais d'installations et de performances dans le centre ville de Haïfa,.
Cependant, lorsque le ministre de l'Intérieur Roger Frey présenta à Charles de Gaulle des photos montrant le jeune François Mitterrand avec Philippe Pétain pendant l'Occupation — dont très probablement celle ayant illustré beaucoup plus tard la jaquette d'Une Jeunesse Française, de Pierre Péan — afin de l'utiliser contre celui-ci lors de la campagne électorale de 1965, il s'attira cette réponse : « Non, car je ne pratiquerai pas la politique des boules puantes. ».
En 1971, Enzo Ferrari demande à Clay Regazzoni, le pilote suisse vainqueur du Grand Prix d'Italie 1970, de rechercher des instruments de chronométrage pour la course des 24 Heures du Mans. La technologie Heuer répond au cahier des charges, à l’exemple du Centigraph Le Mans, capable de mesurer et d’imprimer des temps avec une précision d’1/1000e de seconde. En tant que chronométreur officiel de Ferrari, de 1971 à 1979, l’entreprise Heuer joue un rôle essentiel dans la série de victoires remportée par l’écurie au championnat du monde. Elle verra ainsi son nom associé aux légendes de Ferrari telles que Gilles Villeneuve, Niki Lauda et Jody Scheckter. Dans le même temps, à Bienne, se poursuit la série d’innovations et de brevets.
Le nouveau maire est aussi grandement préoccupé par la question de l’hygiène publique. Montréal, à cette époque, a une réputation méritée d’insalubrité. Il entreprend donc de rénover le département d’hygiène. Il est plus que temps, selon lui, de rajeunir les mesures sanitaires et prophylactiques de Montréal. Cette année 1885 à Montréal allait démontrer la justesse de ces propos. Une épidémie de variole allait en effet s'abattre sur la métropole québécoise.
La tendance à la reproduction sociale s'oppose souvent à la sérendipité dans le recrutement, et à l'accueil de profils divers, nouveaux, complémentaires ou atypiques qui pourraient enrichir l'entreprise, la collectivité ou la personne cherchant un collaborateur ;
Interrompu entre 1939 et 1942, le championnat reprend pendant l’Occupation et cherche sa formule idéale. Signe des tâtonnements et des incertitudes liés au contexte, la saison 1942-1943 comprend 95 clubs, celle de 1943-1944 96, et celle de 1944-1945… 126 ! La stabilisation apportée par la fin du conflit permet de repartir sur des bases plus solides. La saison 1946-1947 comprend trois phases qualificatives successives avec 64, 32, puis 16 clubs qualifiés pour les huitièmes de finale.
La saison suivante sera synonyme de plus grand succès, couronnée par une formidable aventure en Ligue des champions, où Laurent brille notamment lors du fameux match contre Rosenborg BK (7-2) où il est à l'origine de 6 des 7 buts de la rencontre. L'équipe de France de football lui tend de nouveau les bras et il en profite pour inscrire son 1er but sous le maillot tricolore face à la Turquie en novembre 2000, le dernier but du siècle.
Sigeberht II, surnommé « le Bon » (Bonus) ou « le Béni » (Sanctus), est roi d'Essex dans la seconde moitié du VIIe siècle (v. 653 – 660 x 661 ?). Il n'est quasiment connu que grâce à l'Histoire ecclésiastique du peuple anglais de Bède le Vénérable (Livre III, chapitre 22).
Chaque été, La Chapelle-d'Abondance organise des concerts d'été dans l'église. Le festival Fraxiis Musica propose des concerts et soirées musicales autour des musiques des Alpes.
Gardênia Azul est un quartier de classe populaire, avec un IDH de 0,768 en 2000, se classant ainsi 106e au classement des quartiers les plus développés de Rio. Ses quartiers voisins sont Jacarepaguá, Anil, Freguesia et Cidade de Deus.
Jean-Yves Mollier : conférence aux Rencontres internationales Jules Verne 2013 à Amiens - Pierre-Jules Hetzel, éditeur emblématique du XIXème siècle - Centre international Jules Verne
L'activité de l'aéroport, s'il apporte une richesse incontestable à la commune et à la région en termes de vitalité économique, d'emplois et de revenus fiscaux, présente également des inconvénients. Outre les nuisances acoustiques et les risques de crash, l'importante pollution atmosphérique entraînée est de plus en plus mise en cause par les associations de défense des riverains. Ainsi, selon une étude de l'organisme officiel Airparif, l'aéroport pollue autant que le boulevard périphérique de Paris, axe routier le plus fréquenté de France. Paradoxalement, malgré sa proximité, le village de Roissy n'est pas le plus exposé aux nuisances acoustiques, puisqu'il est situé entre les axes des pistes. Ainsi des communes plus éloignées de la plate-forme aéroportuaire comme Sarcelles ou surtout Gonesse et Goussainville se trouvent plus exposées au bruit.
D'un village essentiellement agricole, Roissy-en-France s'est transformé en trois décennies, depuis la construction de l'aéroport, en une petite commune d'employés et d'ouvriers, majoritairement salariés de la plate-forme aéroportuaire.
Henri Amand est un des grands joueurs de l'époque avec cinq titres remportés, puis l'arbitre de la finale de 1913, Marc Giacardy a fait de même avec six titres et une finale arbitrée en 1912. Avec eux, on peut citer Louis Dedet, Marcel Laffitte, Auguste Giroux, Maurice Bruneau, P. do Rio Branco da Silva Paranhos et Henri Martin qui ont tous remporté six fois le championnat de France.
L'entreprise est fondée par Édouard Heuer, fils de cordonnier, en 1860 à Saint-Imier, dans le Jura bernois en Suisse. À l’époque, toutes les montres se remontent à l’aide d’une clé. En 1869, deux ans après avoir transféré son atelier à Bienne, Edouard Heuer transforme le cours de l’histoire de l’horlogerie grâce à sa première invention brevetée : un remontoir à couronne autonome, sans clé. Cette nouvelle génération de montres rencontre un énorme succès à l’Exposition universelle de Vienne et elles font bientôt partie des plus convoitées au monde. Lorsque les puissants fabricants américains s’attaquent en force au marché européen, Edouard Heuer réagit en introduisant des innovations à tous les niveaux de la conception, de la technologie et de la fabrication.
Industriel dans le textile, il est président de la chambre de commerce de Valenciennes, président de la société d'horticulture et administrateur de la succursale de la Banque de France à Valenciennes. Maire de Marly, Conseiller général du Nord, il est député de la 1re circonscription de Valenciennes de 1893 à 1902, siégeant chez les républicains. Il est le beau-frère d'Hector Sirot-Mallez, député du Nord.
Les rivalités au rugby sont souvent saines. Ainsi le Biarritz olympique reçoit-il l'autorisation du club landais de l'US Dax pour jouer un match sur le terrain de son rival lorsque son Parc des sports d'Aguiléra est en travaux lors de la saison 2005-2006.De même lors de la saison 2006-2007, l'Aviron bayonnais joue quatre matchs de début de saison sur le terrain d'Aguilera (le stade du Biarritz olympique) pour cause de travaux au stade Stade Jean-Dauger.
La deuxième des Trois Gorges est celle de Wu. Elle est longue de quarante-cinq kilomètres et offre un paysage composé de douze pics qui ont depuis toujours inspiré les voyageurs et les poètes. Leurs noms évoquent les sentiments qu'ils inspirent puisqu'on trouve le pic de la Déesse, le pic du Phénix volant, le pic du Dragon grimpeur ou encore le pic des Grues assemblées. Les versants de la gorge sont parfois si abrupts qu'ils donnent l'impression que le soleil ne pénètre que rarement jusqu'au fleuve. Après le rocher du Cercueil de fer, le voyageur découvre les rapides de Lint lors de la descente desquels des tourbillons puissants et des piliers calcaires rendent toute navigation périlleuse.
Idaira Fernández Rodríguez (San Cristóbal de La Laguna, Tenerife, 14 mars 1985), connue sous le nom de Idaira, est une chanteuse espagnole qui a notamment participé à la quatrième édition de l'émission télévisée Operación Triunfo, (2005).
On donne à la comédie all’improvisa une origine antérieure à celle de la comédie régulière, qui n’a commencé, en Italie, qu’au XVe siècle par des rappresentazioni. La comédie atellane, en effet, apparue aux premiers siècles de notre ère, est souvent donnée comme l'ancêtre de la commedia dell'arte. Avec l'improvisation et le masque, et en particulier le masque de Maccus, qui ressemble trait pour trait à celui de Polichinelle. Au XVe siècle, elle devient un art savant et, dès ce moment, elle popularise, en les fortifiant, des types comiques à la diffusion desquels la Renaissance servira puissamment. Les « Ingannati » sont une comédie italienne écrite de façon anonyme probablement par un groupe de théâtre universitaire et elle devint la source de nombreux canevas, qui circulèrent dans toute l'Europe.
Marisa Lavanchy, née le 4 janvier 1990, est une athlète suisse spécialiste du sprint. Championne suisse du 200 m, elle détient également le record suisse du 4 × 100 m.
Victime d'entartages multiples à Namur le 30 mai 2015 ; cette fois, Bernard-Henri Levy a été attaqué dans une église. Une vingtaine de personnes lui ont lancé des tartes malgré la présence de ses deux gardes du corps, BHL criant « Non, y en a marre ! », n'a pas pu y échapper. Noël Godin a dédié son geste au dessinateur Siné, limogé de Charlie Hebdo et contre lequel BHL a témoigné,.
Le dossier des « Réunionnais de la Creuse » est médiatisé tardivement, plus de cinq ans après la mort de Michel Debré, lorsque Jean-Jacques Martial, un Réunionnais transféré à l'âge de sept ans en 1966, maltraité et abusé sexuellement par sa famille d'accueil, dépose plainte en 2002 pour « enlèvement et séquestration de mineur, rafle et déportation »,.
L’internationalisation croissante du rugby dans les années 1980 affecte le déroulement du championnat, notamment la création en 1987 de la Coupe du monde de rugby à XV, qui se déroule tous les quatre ans. Les clubs qui possèdent des joueurs internationaux en activité doivent en effet les mettre à disposition de l'équipe de France pendant le déroulement de la compétition, soit pendant plus de cinq semaines. La programmation des matchs est aménagée, mais les clubs qui possèdent le plus grand nombre de joueurs internationaux sont tout de même pénalisés par rapport aux autres clubs (indisponibilités dues à la fatigue, aux blessures, au repos obligatoire, etc).
Son arrière-petit-fils, Claude de Mesmes Compte d'Avaux (1595-1650) était le membre le plus illustre de la famille. Conseiller d'État, ambassadeur à Venise, au Danemark, en Suède et en Pologne, il était l'un des négociateurs du traité de Westphalie en 1648. Jean-Antoine de Mesmes (1662-1709) fit édifier un nouveau château à partir de 1704. On a longtemps pensé que ce château était l'œuvre de l'architecte suédois Nicodème Tessin. En 1687, en voyage d'étude en Europe, il sera reçu par Louis XIV, et s'imagina qu'il pourrait avoir l'honneur de terminer le Louvre. Mais le roi fixé à Versailles avait déjà choisi son architecte pour ses nouveaux projets en la personne de Jules Hardouin-Mansart. Fasciné par le château de Versailles, il fera accepter les nouveaux plans du château de Steninge en Suède. À la suite de fouilles préventives effectuées sur place entre 1998 et 2002, accompagnées de nouvelles recherches aux Archives Nationales et des relevés de l'architecte Le Rouge (1775), bibliothèque de l'Arsenal, on a découvert que le projet de Tessin n'a jamais été réalisé. En revanche, le château a été attribué à un autre architecte célèbre de l'époque : Germain Boffrand, neveu et élève de Hardouin-Mansart. Il est l'architecte du château de Lunéville. En 1715, un jardin sans eau et un grand parc étaient signalés par Pigagnol de la Force.
Henri de Navarre avant de devenir Henri IV, avait consenti à des comédiens italiens dirigés par Zan Ganassa (it) de son vrai nom Alberto Naseli le premier contrat de subventions connu en France et en Navarre. Ce Zan Ganassa interpréta un des premiers Arlequins, mais un Arlequin plutôt lourdaud, faisant rire de ses bêtises. Pourtant Arlequin dérive de Hellequin (Hell, l'enfer, suivi de quin, diminutif courant dans le Nord de la France). C'est donc un petit diable de carnaval, dont l'existence est attestée dans des textes du XVe siècle. Par une étrange magie, est devenu l'un des plus célèbres Zanni. La commedia dell'arte ne cesse de se situer dans une démarche théâtrale interculturelle.
Il est vraisemblable que Normanvillars ait disparu à la même époque que Saint-André d'Essert, dans la seconde moitié du XVe siècle victime de l'insécurité qui régnait alors dans les campagnes. Au milieu du XVIIIe siècle, des mennonites, réputés pour être des cultivateurs expérimentés, reprennent possession des lieux et forment une localité dépendant de la seigneurie de Florimont. Actuellement, le hameau se résume à quelques fermes disséminées dans une vaste clairière au milieu de laquelle se trouve une chapelle dite chapelle des Mennonites et un cimetière.
La circonscription de Hirna est une des 177 circonscriptions législatives de l'État fédéré Oromia, elle se situe dans la Zone Ouest Hararghe. Son représentant actuel est Awole Mohammed Adem.
Après avoir soutenu la création de plusieurs institutions religieuses, il donne en 1828 des directives au clergé du diocèse à l'aide de son Ordonnance de Mgr de Lesquen, évêque de Rennes, pour régler la discipline de son diocèse, imprimé à Rennes. Cet imprimé de 260 pages incite particulièrement les recteurs à recenser l'histoire de l'église et tout ce qui est susceptible d'améliorer la qualité de leur service. Il publie également un Catéchisme à l'usage du diocèse en 1840.
Le climat de Roissy est typique de celui de l'Île-de-France, caractérisé par une certaine modération. Il se différencie du climat de Paris intra-muros par un écart de température de quelques degrés, particulièrement notable au levé du jour, qui a tendance à s'accentuer au fil des années. Cet écart, de 2° en moyenne mais qui peut atteindre 8° par nuit claire et vent faible, s'explique par la densité urbaine qui augmente la température au cœur de la capitale. La température moyenne annuelle est de 11 °C, le mois le plus le froid étant janvier avec +4 °C ; les mois les plus chauds sont juillet et août avec +19 °C (moyenne journalière).
Le championnat 2010-2011 voit le Stade toulousain remporter un nouveau titre, en battant le club de Montpellier, surprise de la saison qui parvient pour la première fois de sa jeune histoire à se hisser en finale. Il récidive lors du championnat 2011-2012 en battant le RC Toulon, lors d'un remake de la finale du championnat 1988-1989 sur le même score (18-12). Il s'agit pour le Stade toulousain de son 19e titre.
La Seconde Guerre mondiale interrompt le championnat de 1940 à 1942. Après trois saisons de compétitions non officielles, la FFR décide, le 5 juin 1942, de rétablir le championnat de France. Le championnat est disputé par quarante clubs de la zone occupée et cinquante-cinq clubs de la zone libre. Après l'invasion de la zone libre par les Allemands en novembre 1942, la Fédération changea les appellations en « zone Nord » et « zone Sud ». La finale est disputée entre Bayonne et Agen, qui ont remporté respectivement les compétitions des zones Nord et Sud.
La commune, qui s'étend sur environ 2380 hectares est située sur le plateau qui sépare les deux fleuves côtiers parallèles que sont la Canche de l'Authie.
Le championnat se déroule en deux phases : une phase dite de qualification, qui est disputée par toutes les équipes, et une phase finale regroupant les six meilleurs clubs (les quatre meilleurs jusqu'à la saison 2008-2009) de la phase de qualification, qui se joue par élimination directe. Les deux derniers de cette phase qualificative sont relégués en Pro D2 et remplacés par l'équipe classée première de Pro D2 à l'issue de la saison régulière et par le vainqueur des barrages de Pro D2.
Le premier véritable club de rugby français est le English Taylors RFC, fondé par des hommes d'affaires anglais à Paris en 1877, suivi par le Paris Football Club l'année suivante. Ce dernier a une durée de vie éphémère. Sa scission entraîne la formation du Racing club de France en 1882, du Stade français en 1883 (ou 1887) et de l'Olympique en 1888, entièrement ou en partie par des Français.
Abandonné la saison suivante, le système est rétabli lors de la saison 1975-1976 avec 80 clubs (40 dans chaque groupe), et qualifiait 25 clubs du Groupe A et 7 du Groupe B. La formule fut maintenue peu ou prou jusqu’en 1978-1979.
Si le mouvement de la vanne n'est pas manuel, par un volant ou un levier ajustable, il est possible d'y adjoindre un servomoteur (actionneur). Le servomoteur met en mouvement la tige de l'opercule de la vanne, avec deux fonctions :
Aucun club n'a été champion cinq fois de suite. Le record est de quatre titres consécutifs par le SBUC de 1904 à 1907 et le Stade toulousain de 1994 à 1997.
Le terme synonyme de vanne est robinet. Il est parfois utilisé pour des modèles de petites dimensions, couramment montés sur des canalisations domestiques.
Les matchs se déroulent sur le terrain du premier club cité. En cas de match nul, les deux équipes sont départagées au nombre de coups de pied de coin obtenus, puis par tirage au sort à la pièce jetée.
Il devient Garde des Sceaux, ministre de la Justice en 1958, dans le gouvernement Charles de Gaulle III. Il y joue un rôle important dans la rédaction de la Constitution de la Cinquième République. Celle-ci ayant été largement adoptée par référendum et les gaullistes ayant remporté les élections législatives, il inaugure la nouvelle fonction de Premier ministre le 8 janvier 1959. Il forme alors un nouveau gouvernement composé de 27 membres, majoritairement issus de l'UNR.
La compétition suivant un calendrier sur deux années, contrairement à celui des championnats russes qui s'inscrit sur une seule année, celle-ci se trouve de fait à cheval entre deux saisons de championnat ; ainsi pour certaines équipes promues ou reléguées durant la saison 1996, la division indiquée peut varier d'un tour à l'autre.
S'ensuivra le rassemblement de tout ce qui reste d'Israël parmi les nations, portées par les rois de ces nations jusqu'à Jérusalem, où le messie fils de David et Elie ressusciteront le messie fils de Joseph dont le corps avait été amené par les anges dans les portes de Jérusalem.
L'équivalent anglo-saxon de vanne est le mot valve, dont le sens est plus général puisqu'il recouvre les traductions de valve, vanne et de soupape en français.
Beaugrand part pour le Mexique vers le début d’octobre 1865, où il rejoint les forces militaires françaises placées sous le commandement du général Bazaine qui soutiennent l'empereur Maximilien. Pour le francophile qu'il est, joindre ce corps d'armée, c'est se battre pour la France, la France éternelle. À Mexico, il sera accepté dans l’armée française comme simple soldat. Toutefois, il montera rapidement en grade et sera, dès l’année suivante, promu maréchal des logis dans la 2e compagnie montée de la contre-guérilla, une unité réputée pour ses méthodes particulièrement brutales. On sait peu de choses des combats auxquels il a pris part dans le pays. Après que Napoléon III eut décidé de se désengager, il revient en France avec les détachements français envoyés au Mexique et débarque à Toulon en février ou mars 1867. C'est la première fois qu'il visite la mère patrie.
Les finales de 1906 et 1907 sont arbitrées par Allan Henry Muhr qui est alors joueur international, ancien champion de France en 1901 et 1903 et futur patron des sélectionneurs du XV de France de 1911 à 1919 (il sera aussi sélectionneur de l'équipe de France de Coupe Davis en 1922 et 1923).
Il organise en 2009 le Beau gros tintamarre burlesque, une bataille de fusils à eau sur les Plaines d'Abraham à Québec. Marto insiste pour dire qu'il s'agit de la 250e édition de l'événement, une boutade qui fait référence au 250e anniversaire de la bataille des plaines d'Abraham de 1759.
À l'été 2009, il s'entraîne avec la réserve du Paris Saint-Germain, après avoir résilié son contrat avec Larissa pour salaire non payé. Il a même proposé ses services gratuitement à Antoine Kombouaré et ne réclame une prime que si le club termine dans les quatre premiers du championnat. Mais l'offre n'a pas emballé l'entraineur qui privilégie d'autres options pour le mercato.
Le championnat 1995-1996, qui se déroula pendant le passage au professionnalisme, se signale par une réduction du nombre de clubs, qui passe à vingt, groupés en deux poules de dix. Les quatre premières équipes de chaque poule sont qualifiées pour les huitièmes de finale, huit autres équipes sont qualifiées lors de matchs de barrage avec des équipes du groupe inférieur A2. Cette formule est conservée deux ans.
Au XIXe siècle, il y avait une église gréco-catholique (pour les Ukrainiens), une chapelle catholique romaine (pour les Polonais) et une église orthodoxe grecque (pour les Roumains). Des colons allemands se sont installés à partir de 1857. La communauté allemande arrivée à partir de 1857, à 85 % protestante a eu une église évangélique à partir de 1885.
Le 5 octobre 1873, Honoré épouse Eliza Walker (1854–1934) à l’église méthodiste Saint-Paul de Fall River. Employée dans une filature, elle vient d’un milieu modeste, son père étant gardien de nuit et l’un de ses frères travaillant comme ouvrier dans une manufacture. Le couple aura plus tard une fille, Estelle (1881–1918).
Henri Houmaire, Roissy-en-France 1000-1800 : Répertoire chronologique de l'histoire du village : Documents et archives. Deuxième tome 1500-1700, Roissy-en-France, Mairie de Roissy-en-France, 2013, 136 p.
Le chien d'Artois est un descendant direct, en taille réduite du chien de Saint-Hubert à robe noire. Les premières mentions du chien d'Artois datent de la guerre de Cent Ans (XVe siècle) : le roi Henri VI d'Angleterre fait une entrée dans Paris accompagné de chiens d'Artois en 1431.
Beaucoup de grands joueurs n'ont jamais été champions de France (liste ouverte) : Jean-Pierre Romeu, Francis Haget, Serge Blanco, Philippe Saint-André, Jean-Marc Lhermet, Jean-Pierre Rives, Pierre Albaladejo, Pascal Ondarts, Pierre Dospital, Jean-Luc Sadourny, Patrice Lagisquet, Olivier Magne, Christophe Lamaison, Richard Dourthe, Olivier Milloud, Pierre Mignoni, Gonzalo Quesada, Lionel Nallet...
Parmi les principales entreprises, on peut citer les dix premières en chiffre d'affaires : Air France, de loin en tête avec un CA de 12,3 milliards d'euros et employant 35 800 salariés sur la plate-forme en 2005, puis Dow-France avec 609 M d'€, Servair avec 521 M d'€, Computacenter avec 470 M d'€, Fujitsu-Siemens avec 366 M d'€, Geoservices avec 360 M d'€, Sara Lee avec 269 M d'€, Inmac Wstore avec 265 M d'€, Guerbet avec 225 M d'€, Quick-France avec 220 M d'€, SEMT Pielstick avec 218 M d'€.
Bède indique simplement que Sigeberht est apparenté à son prédécesseur, également appelé Sigeberht et surnommé Parvus, « le Petit ». D'autres sources existent : des généalogies des rois Offa, Swithred et Sigered dans un manuscrit du Wessex du IXe siècle ; la Gesta regum de Guillaume de Malmesbury et le Chronicon ex Chronicis de Jean de Worcester, ces deux derniers datant d'après la conquête normande de l'Angleterre. Toutefois, ces sources se contredisent et sont parfois confuses. Barbara Yorke propose que Sigeberht soit le fils de Sæweard et le père de Sighere.
Edouard Heuer dépose le premier brevet pour un mécanisme de chronographe en 1882. En 1887, Heuer invente le pignon oscillant, qui est, aujourd'hui encore, la base de la majorité des chronographes vendus dans le monde et au cœur du Calibre 1887, développé et industrialisé par TAG Heuer, le chronographe mécanique intégré à roue à colonne présenté et fabriqué par la marque en 2010 à l’occasion de ses 150 ans. La maison reçoit une médaille d’argent lors de l'Exposition universelle de Paris de 1889 pour sa collection de chronographes de poche.
À l’automne 1875, il retourne aux États-Unis. Il s'y rend d'abord comme membre de la commission canadienne à l’Exposition universelle internationale des beaux-arts, de l’industrie, des produits du sol et des mines de Philadelphie. Une fois sa mission complétée, il ne retourne pas à Montréal. C'est l'occasion pour lui de « mettre à exécution le projet qu’il caress[e] depuis si longtemps : créer aux États-Unis un journal français qui, rédigé par un Canadien, pourrait se maintenir dans une position honorable ». C'est le 2 octobre qu'est lancé La République, un hebdomadaire grand format de 32 colonnes tiré à 1000 exemplaires. Il y précise ses opinions politiques et religieuses: il se dit «franc-maçon très avancé, libéral admirateur enthousiaste des principes de la Révolution française et partisan de la déclaration des droits de l'homme». Ce déiste anticlérical affirme pratiquer «ce que bon lui semble, la constitution américaine ne reconnaissant pas de religion d'État». « La radicalisation de Beaugrand depuis son départ pour le Mexique, plus de dix ans auparavant, est tangible. De catholique respectueux dans L’Écho du Canada, il est devenu indépendant d’esprit en passant au Bien public et est désormais républicain à la française dans La République. Il n’a peut-être pas changé, étant resté attaché depuis sa jeunesse à l’école de Louis-Joseph Papineau, le grand tribun annexionniste et libre-penseur, mais il est certain qu’il voile moins ses opinions que par le passé. »
Installée définitivement au Liban, elle entreprend en 1931 un nombre d’activités socio-culturelles dont la création de Syriban, ainsi que l’organisation du premier Salon de peinture libanaise, au Parlement Libanais.
La Chapelles des Frasses est citée dès 1178. Elle a ensuite changé plusieurs fois de nom avant de prendre le nom de La Chapelle-d'Abondance.
En 1926, elle publie à Paris La main d’Allah aux éditions Bossard et en 1929 à Beyrouth Fredons, livre de dialogue pour le rapprochement islamo-chrétien.
Roissy est face à son destin, ce n'est plus un village agricole, c'est un village à la recherche d'une nouvelle identité, et qui a pris dix ans de retard sur ses investissements. Les incertitudes qui pèsent sur son avenir ont de quoi miner bon nombre d'initiatives. Son environnement est totalement bouleversé.
Les précautions sont prises pour que soient minimisés les risques de «reproduction sociale». Ce peut être en effet la tendance naturelle des recruteurs ou de leur encadrement à inconsciemment ou consciemment privilégier des profils leur ressemblant (même école, sexe, origine sociale, socio-économique ou religieuse, etc. ) et ce, probablement pour limiter l'incertitude de leurs choix. Ainsi, un test réalisé en France en 2006 sur la base de CV a montré qu'à compétences et expériences identiques, un homme aux nom et prénom de souche française, blanc de peau et dont l'apparence physique ne présente pas de traits jugés disgracieux, a alors davantage de chance d'être convoqué à un entretien d'embauche : 3 fois plus qu’un candidat âgé, 3 fois plus qu’un candidat au patronyme maghrébin, 2 fois plus qu’un candidat en situation de handicap, 1,5 fois plus qu’une femme ;
Renédale est une commune française située dans le département du Doubs en région Bourgogne-Franche-Comté. Les habitants se nomment les Renédaliers et Renédalières.
Les compagnies théâtrales, surtout celles qui jouaient en province, n’avaient pas de plateau fixe et voyageaient de pays en pays en transportant leurs tréteaux, elles devaient savoir attirer le public et le convaincre d’assister aux représentations. Les canevas, par conséquent, permettaient à une compagnie théâtrale experte de mettre en scène des situations de l’actualité locale en quelques heures.
À Evry, la maison de quartier des Aunettes a organisé, de mai à juillet 2015, une action collective de « tricot-graffiti » en collaboration avec Christine Chazot (« sicilienne » sur le site Ravelry.com), intervenante, les enfants de l'École Conté, les volontaires du quartier, des participants de l'ADAPT . Cette action, d'ampleur internationale grâce aux dons de fils et d'ouvrages crochetés et tricotés venant de donateurs étrangers (Suisse, Belgique, Angleterre, États-Unis, Canada, Japon…) contactés sur Ravelry, a permis d'habiller, sur 3 thèmes (« rayures », « dentelles », « hippie ») plusieurs dizaines d'objets urbains (poteaux, barrières, grilles, arbres.
Une maison en pierre de taille de deux étages est située au 41 de la rue. Un quartier à haute qualité environnementale (HQE) est situé entre la rue Crozatier, le passage Brulon, la rue de Cîteaux et la rue du Faubourg-Saint-Antoine.
Le contexte économique étant défavorable, Honoré, n’ayant pas de formation spécialisée lui garantissant un emploi, paraît condamné à vivoter. Il semble, selon Warren, qu’il ait été pendant quelque temps matelot sur le Saint-Laurent à bord d’un des navires dont son père.
Forster & Platnick, 1985 : A review of the austral spider family Orsolobidae (Arachnida, Araneae), with notes on the superfamily Dysderoidea. Bulletin of the American Museum of Natural History, no 181, p. 1-229 (texte intégral).
Demain la France : Esquisse d'un ordre international, sous le pseudonyme de Jacquier en collaboration avec Emmanuel Monick sous le pseudonyme de Bruère, Plon, Paris, 1945
En Europe, le traitement de ce cancer suit les recommandations SIOP (Société Internationale d'Oncologie Pédiatrique) et se fait en trois temps dont le principal est la chirurgie :
Pendant de longues années, la diffusion des matchs du championnat a été réservée à l'ORTF, puis aux chaînes du service public, Antenne 2 en général, issues de l'ORTF. À cette époque, Pierre Sabbagh, mais surtout le duo Roger Couderc-Pierre Albaladejo contribuent largement à la popularisation du rugby à XV en France.
En 1999, 56,3 % des actifs Roisséens ayant un emploi travaillaient dans la commune. Ce chiffre élevé pour la région a légèrement augmenté de 1,9 % entre 1990 et 1999. Le taux de chômage était faible avec seulement 5,2 % en 2005 (contre 9,4 % en 1999), soit 105 personnes (moyenne nationale : 9,6 % en 2005). Le revenu moyen par ménage est légèrement supérieur à la moyenne nationale avec 18 973 € par an (moyenne nationale : 15 027 € par an).
Une fois le poste libre identifié, La Direction des Ressources Humaines (DRH) doit fournir une description du poste ainsi que les critères de l'emploi à remplir pour l'obtention du poste en question. De cette façon, les candidats sont informés des tâches à accomplir en plus des compétences requises afin d'exécuter les tâches. On peut entre autres se référer aux demandes spécifiques des responsables opérationnels afin d'assurer une adéquation optimale.
L'histoire du lieu durant les grandes invasions et les époques mérovingienne et carolingienne reste obscure, seuls quelques noms de localités voisines sont cités dans de rares écrits. Il faut attendre le XIIe siècle pour voir apparaître le réseau actuel de villages du pays de France. Le village est cité pour la première fois en 1174 dans un acte relatif à une donation par Matthieu de Roissy, premier seigneur connu, à l'abbaye Saint-Victor de Marseille.
La République connaîtra une série de morts et de renaissances, ainsi que de déménagements. En décembre 1875, Beaugrand relocalise son entreprise à Lowell afin, probablement, de faire le plein d’abonnés dans une agglomération qui n’a pas encore d'organe de presse de langue française. Ce séjour à Lowell est bref, car le journal est à nouveau publié à Fall River le 19 février 1876. Sa situation ayant toujours été précaire, La République doit cesser de paraître après son édition du 4 juillet 1876. Mais, le 9 septembre 1876, elle renaît, cette fois à Saint Louis, au Missouri, où s'établit pour quelque temps Beaugrand. À l’été 1877, le journal qui n'a réussi à convaincre que 400 abonnés doit mettre la clé sous la porte. Mais il ressurgit quelques mois plus tard, le 11 octobre 1877, à Fall River. C'est dans cette ville qu'il achèvera son existence, le 9 mars 1878.
En 1583 un incendie détruit le château qui est reconstruit. Pendant la Guerre de Trente Ans, vers 1632, les troupes suédoises, qui ravageaient les campagnes autour de Belfort, pillèrent la ville et le château qui ne se releva pas de ses ruines.
En 1792, le comte de Caraman émigrait. En septembre, le château fut mis sous séquestre et subit plusieurs vols et actes de vandalisme. Durant l'hiver 1792-1793, particulièrement rude, la municipalité décida de faire abattre une partie des arbres du village pour le chauffage des plus nécessiteux. Dans chaque commune, la Convention décida de créer un comité de surveillance afin de signaler les suspects et de les désarmer. Dans le village, treize personnes furent déclarées suspectes. Le 1er octobre 1793, la municipalité ordonna de faire descendre les trois cloches de la tour de l'église. Le 20 octobre, ce fut le tour de l'argenterie, du fer et du cuivre d'être réquisitionnés, « pour ensuite les porter à la Convention sur l'autel de la Patrie ». Sous la Terreur, le village connut une des époques les plus troubles de son histoire : réquisitions, vols dans les fermes, taxation, etc. Le 12 octobre 1793, la commune reçut l'ordre de préparer le château pour accueillir un bataillon de volontaires. Le 27 nivôse an II (janvier 1794), un incendie accidentel se déclara : il détruisit le corps central de l'édifice.
Celui d'une surface orientable de genre g > 1 a le type d'homotopie de son mapping class group, c'est-à-dire que les composantes connexes sont contractiles.
William Thurston a raffiné cette analyse en classifiant les éléments du mapping class group (en) en trois types : ceux équivalents à un difféomorphisme périodique, ceux équivalents à un difféomorphisme laissant invariante une courbe fermée simple, et ceux équivalents à un difféomorphisme pseudo-Anosov (en). Dans le cas du tore S1×S1 = ℝ2/ℤ2, le mapping class group est simplement le groupe modulaire SL(2, ℤ) et la classification se ramène à celle des transformations de Möbius elliptiques, paraboliques et loxodromiques. Thurston réalisa cette classification en remarquant que le mapping class group agissait naturellement sur une compactification de l'espace de Teichmüller (en) ; sur cet espace ainsi agrandi, homéomorphe à une boule fermée, le théorème du point fixe de Brouwer pouvait s'appliquer.
Elle est notamment connue pour le scénario du film Le Nom des gens, inspiré de sa propre vie et pour lequel elle a remporté en 2011 le César du meilleur scénario original lors de la 36e cérémonie des César.
(10965) van Leverink est un astéroïde de la ceinture principale d'astéroïdes. Il fut découvert le 26 mars 1971 à l'Observatoire du Mont Palomar par Cornelis Johannes van Houten, Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld et Tom Gehrels. Il présente une orbite caractérisée par un demi-grand axe de 3,12 UA, une excentricité de 0,12 et une inclinaison de 2,1° par rapport à l'écliptique.
À l’élection présidentielle de 2002, le premier tour a vu arriver largement en tête Jean-Marie Le Pen avec 25,1 %, suivi de Jacques Chirac avec 22,0 %, Lionel Jospin avec 11,7 %, puis Christiane Taubira avec 6,3 %, Jean-Pierre Chevènement avec 5,6 % et François Bayrou avec 5,1 %, aucun autre candidat ne dépassant le seuil des 5 %.
La voie ferrée Paris-Aulnay-sous-Bois-Aéroport CDG longe l'autoroute A1 à l'est du village. La LGV Nord (ligne à grande vitesse) coupe l'extrême angle nord-ouest du territoire communal. Or, aucune gare ferroviaire n'est présente sur la commune.
Le portrait que dresse Bède du roi tient essentiellement à son intérêt pour la conversion des Saxons de l'Est. Oswiu presse Sigeberht, païen au moment de son avènement, d'abjurer ses croyances et d'embrasser le christianisme. Comme Peada, lui et ses fidèles sont baptisés par l'évêque Finan à Ad Murum, une propriété d'Oswiu située probablement à proximité du mur d'Hadrien (peut-être l'actuelle Wallbottle), à une vingtaine de kilomètres de la côte orientale de la Grande-Bretagne. La cérémonie s'est peut-être déroulée en 653 ou 654, avant l'offensive de Penda.
Les clubs français se sont également bien comportés dans le Challenge européen, disputé pour la première fois en 1996-97, en remportant quatre fois consécutivement la compétition de 1997 à 2000. Tous les clubs du Top 14 non qualifiés pour la Coupe d’Europe sont automatiquement engagés en Challenge européen, y compris les promus.
Au travers de fouilles conduites avec les habitants, de reconstruction de baraques, d'installations sonores, cartes, dessins et interviews, les différents projets constituant Le Camp des Juifs explorent l'histoire et l'architecture du camp de transit Le Grand Arénas. Le camp fut construit en 1945 près de Marseille par l'architecte Fernand Pouillon afin de réguler les mouvements de population d'après-guerre. Dans les années cinquante, il servit de camp de transit pour les Juifs des pays Arabes et les rescapés de la Shoah. Par la suite, on y logea les travailleurs immigrés venant du Maghreb ainsi que des groupes dits marginaux. Le camp fut détruit dans les années soixante. Ilana Salama Ortar a publié le livre Le Camp des Juifs en 2005, avec des textes de Yona Fischer, Zvi Efrat et Sophie Wahnich.
Quand l'Église perd son âme - Réflexions sur les erreurs, fautes et péchés commis au nom de l'Église au cours de son histoire, Fidélité Eds, 2011
La bataille d'Arretium s'inscrit dans une succession de conflits entre Romains et tribus gauloises de Gaule transalpine et de Gaule cisalpine qui tentent de s'étendre en Italie septentrionale. La bataille prend place indirectement dans la conquête romaine de l'Étrurie. Elle oppose en 284 ou 283 av. J.-C. une armée de la République romaine à diverses tribus des Sénons. Les Romains essuient une lourde défaite durant laquelle leur général Lucius Caecilius Metellus Denter est tué. Malgré ce revers, les Romains parviennent à reprendre la situation en main, repoussent les Gaulois et imposent leur suprématie sur l'Étrurie, mais cela nécessite plusieurs années de campagnes supplémentaires.
Le parc est ouvert aux randonneurs à pied ou à cheval, ainsi qu'aux alpinistes et aux spéléologues. Il existe plusieurs itinéraires prisés des touristes :
Dictionnaire d'histoire culturelle de la France contemporaine, avec Christian Delporte et Jean-François Sirinelli, PUF, Quadrige dicos poche, Paris, 2010
« En 1895, dans le Paris républicain, lors d’un banquet, Honoré Beaugrand, ex-maire de Montréal et directeur d’un grand quotidien de cette ville, La Patrie, célèbre la France, mère patrie des Canadiens français. L’ambassadeur de Grande-Bretagne lui demande en souriant ce qu’il fait de l’Angleterre. Beaugrand lui répond : “ C’est ma belle-mère. ” » — Michel Lapierre.
Le premier catalogue de la nouvelle galerie est publié en 1820 sous le titre Explication des ouvrages de peinture et de sculpture de l'école moderne de France exposée le 24 avril 1818 dans la galerie royale du Luxembourg.
Notices d'autorité : Fichier d’autorité international virtuel • International Standard Name Identifier • Bibliothèque nationale de France (données) • Système universitaire de documentation • Bibliothèque du Congrès • Gemeinsame Normdatei • Bibliothèque nationale d’Espagne • Bibliothèque royale des Pays-Bas • WorldCat
Le chien d'Artois, issu du puissant chien de Saint-Hubert, possède la plupart des qualités de son ancêtre, tout en étant plus petit, plus fin et plus leste, et d'un caractère bien plus sociable.
Zabraniec ( [zaˈbraɲet͡s] ) est un village polonais de la gmina de Poświętne dans la powiat de Wołomin de la voïvodie de Mazovie dans le centre-est de la Pologne.
On emploie souvent, à tort, le terme microgravité à la place d'impesanteur ou de micropesanteur. Ces notions sont pourtant très différentes : elles décrivent l'état d'un corps pour lequel les forces gravitationnelles et inertielles ont une résultante nulle ou presque nulle. L'impesanteur ou la micropesanteur dépend donc à la fois du mouvement du corps et du point de l'espace où il se trouve, alors que la microgravité ne dépend que du point où il se trouve. Un objet en chute libre ou en orbite autour de la Terre peut être en état d'impesanteur mais pas de microgravité. Un astronaute à bord de la Station spatiale internationale se trouve dans un état d'impesanteur du fait du mouvement de la station spatiale en chute libre autour de la Terre (sa vitesse lui permet de ne jamais percuter la Terre), mais la gravité est pratiquement identique à celle ressentie à la surface de la Terre (cf. tableau ci-dessous)[réf. insuffisante].
Le Rauman Lukko (Lukko) est un club de hockey sur glace professionnel de Finlande évoluant dans la Liiga, la plus haute division finlandaise. Le club est localisé à Rauma, joue ses matchs locaux à la Kivikylän Areena et fut fondé en 1936.
Adam Young a également entamé de nombreux autres projets musicaux, la majorité étant seulement composés d'un ou deux morceaux courts, servant le plus souvent de tests d'effets musicaux. Certains sont néanmoins plus connus et aboutis tel Sky Sailing ou encore Port Blue. La plupart de ces projets sont uniquement instrumentaux, Adam Young déclarant à ce propos aimer l'idée d'écouter de la musique sans paroles, ce qui permet selon lui de faire sa propre interprétation de la chanson sans que les mots viennent influencer notre perception de la mélodie. Ces nombreux projets musicaux ont occupé ses années d'études secondaires et universitaires. Quelques-uns sont le fruit d'une collaboration avec des amis d'enfance.
La microgravité, dans le domaine de l'astronautique, est l'état d'un corps tel que l'ensemble des forces d'origine gravitationnelle auxquelles il est soumis possède une résultante très faible par rapport à la pesanteur à la surface de la Terre.
Martin Castonguay est le fils du regretté chanteur country québécois Édouard Castonguay. Il apparaît sur plusieurs albums enregistrés par son père ainsi que sur plusieurs albums de la Famille Castonguay. Il a produit le dernier album d'Édouard Castonguay, 1956, paru à titre posthume.
L'année suivante, de Gaulle le charge auprès du Gouvernement provisoire d'une mission de réforme de la fonction publique, dans le cadre de laquelle il crée et rédige les statuts de l'École nationale d'administration, dont l'idée avait été formulée par Jean Zay avant-guerre.
Présentement et jusqu'en juillet 2012, deux périodes de financement se chevauchent (voir les deux tableaux suivants), si bien qu'il y a 14 équipes financées par le NAI.
La saison 1992-1993 marque un changement important dans l'organisation du championnat, car elle se solde par une première réduction de l’élite, qui passe de 40 à 32 clubs répartis en quatre poules de 8. À l'issue d'une première phase qualificative, les équipes placées aux quatre premières places de chaque poule sont qualifiées pour disputer un Top 16 composé de quatre poules de quatre équipes. Les huit équipes classées aux deux premières places de chaque poule du Top 16 disputent des quarts de finale qui comme les tours suivants se font par élimination directe sur un match. Cette formule est conservée trois ans jusqu'à la saison 1994-1995.
La revue mensuelle Maître Guillaume a été fondée en février 1954 par Urbain Leblanc. Il s'agissait d'une publication résolument acadienne qui coexistait avec d'autres journaux du sud-est du nouveau-Brunswick : Le réveil, Le Fermier acadien et surtout L'Évangéline et Le Moniteur acadien.
En janvier 1875, Beaugrand vend une partie de ses parts dans le journal à Charles F. Richards, un imprimeur anglophone de Boston. Le journal déménage dans cette ville mais il sera de retour, dès le 10 mars, à Fall River. Il conserve encore des bureaux à Boston et à Lowell. Le 9 juin 1875, Beaugrand vend L'Écho du Canada à Louis-G.-H. Archambault, un de ses amis, et à Henri Boisseau, le typographe du journal. Quatre semaines plus tard, ceux-ci le revendront à leur tour. En novembre ou décembre, il cessera de paraître.
Toutefois, dans la direction de son journal, Beaugrand sait se montrer habile. Comme le dit justement Warren, « il reprend moins la lettre que l’esprit de cette conviction [libérale radicale] dans les pages de La Patrie, sachant que la survie de son journal dépend de son habileté à naviguer sur des eaux qui ne lui sont pas pour l’heure favorables. Fin stratège, Beaugrand cherche à avancer ses idées tout en évitant les foudres épiscopales.»
Le premier titre de champion de France de rugby à XV est décerné le 20 mars 1892 à la suite d'un simple match entre le Racing et le Stade français au Bois de Boulogne. Arbitré par le baron de Coubertin, la rencontre est remportée par les Racingmen sur le score de 4 à 3. Les trois clubs parisiens (Racing, Stade, Olympique) remportent tour à tour le titre de champion de France jusqu'en 1898. Le championnat n'est alors disputé que par des clubs de Paris ou de la région parisienne et le nombre de clubs participants est au maximum de six (en 1898).
Le désastre subi par l'armée de Metellus permet à l'armée gauloise victorieuse de progresser vers le sud de l'Étrurie et conforte les Romains dans leur crainte d'une nouvelle invasion gauloise. La nouvelle de la défaite romaine provoque un dernier sursaut étrusque pour empêcher la conquête de l'Étrurie et les cités autour d'Arretium se soulèvent contre la domination romaine. Les Étrusques ne sont pas les seuls à tenter de profiter de la faiblesse temporaire de Rome et sont suivis par les Samnites et les Lucaniens, ainsi que par les Boïens qui, selon Polybe, craignent de subir le même sort que les Sénons, dans l'hypothèse où ces derniers ont été vaincus lors de la contre-offensive menée par Dentatus ou Dolabella. Mais les Romains parviennent à retourner la situation à leur avantage et la même année, durant ce qui semble être une seule et même campagne militaire, menés par le consul Publius Cornelius Dolabella,, ils confortent leur suprématie militaire en Étrurie en remportant une bataille décisive sur la coalition étrusco-gauloise près du Lac Vadimon. L'année suivante, en 282 av. J.-C., le consul Quintus Aemilius Papus défait une dernière armée coalisée d'Étrusques et de Boïens près de Vetulonia. Les Gaulois sont vaincus, l'armée coalisée est anéantie. La paix entre Rome et les Gaulois est rétablie, ces derniers sont contraints de se retirer du nord de l'Italie. Il faut deux années de campagnes supplémentaires pour que Rome soumette les Étrusques, concentrant notamment ses efforts sur les proches de résistances les plus déterminées, autour des cités de Vulci et de Volsinii.
Comme les autres années, les candidats qui veulent participer doivent se présenter au théâtre de Champs-Fleuri, et doivent attendre dans une longue file d'attente comme celle que l'on pourvait voir dans la Nouvelle Star Après s'être qualifiés, chaque candidat sera nommé dans un groupe de cinq, ce même groupe qui s'affrontera et le jury en choisira deux qui accéderont aux émissions en direct. Chaque émission est diffusé en direct le vendredi à 20h00 sur Antenne Réunion, le jury vote et juge chaque prestation. Les deux candidats ayant eu les plus mauvaises notes sont soumis au vote des téléspectateurs qui devront en sauver un. Le résultat du vote est connu dans l'after de l'émission.
« Le réalisateur n'a certes pas toujours la maîtrise narrative ni l'habileté esthétique du maître Almodovar. (...) Le film, très sensuel, réussit toutefois à concilier la puissance romanesque de beaux portraits de femmes (magnifiquement incarnés) avec un discours offensif contre la machisme de la société égyptienne. »
2016 : Visite officielle avec parade des candidats présidentiels Nano Sarko et François Groland au FIFIGROT 2016, Carnets filmés de Gérard Courant - un participant à la parade
Le rugby en général et le Top 14 en particulier sont couverts dans les colonnes du Midi olympique, journal bi-hebdomadaire français spécialisé dans le rugby et du quotidien L'Équipe, ainsi que dans les pages sports des quotidiens régionaux, notamment dans le Sud de la France.
La saison 1999-2000 est à nouveau disputée par 24 équipes réparties en deux poules de douze. Les deux premières équipes de chaque poule sont qualifiées pour les quarts de finale ainsi que quatre équipes issues de matchs de barrage. La suite de la compétition se fait par élimination directe.
Pour s'aligner sur ce qui se fait au niveau international, d'abord dans l'hémisphère Sud puis progressivement dans les grands championnats et en Coupe du monde depuis 2003, une équipe marque quatre, deux ou zéro points au classement de la phase régulière du championnat, respectivement lorsqu'elle remporte, fait match nul ou perd un match. En outre des points de bonus, offensif et défensif, sont accordés à partir de la saison 2004-05 pour favoriser le jeu offensif et maintenir l'intérêt d'un match jusqu'à la fin de la rencontre.
Émile Bellier de La Chavignerie, Louis Auvray, Dictionnaire général des artistes de l'École française depuis l'origine des arts du dessin jusqu'à nos jours : architectes, peintres, sculpteurs, graveurs et lithographes, Tome 2, p. 146, Librairie Renouard, Paris, 1885 Gallica
Hans Grundig (Dresde, 19 février, 1901 - Berlin, 11 septembre 1958) est un peintre et dessinateur allemand associé à la Nouvelle Objectivité. Mari de Lea Grundig.
Il a dirigé le Centre d'histoire culturelle des sociétés contemporaines de 1998 à 2005, et l’École doctorale « Cultures, Organisations, Législations » de 2005 à 2007, puis l'Ecole doctorale "Cultures, Régulations, Institutions et territoires" de 2009 à 2015.
La rue croise, en partant de la place du Colonel-Bourgoin, l'avenue de Corbera, le boulevard Diderot, la rue de Cîteaux et la rue d'Aligre où se tient tous les jours sauf le lundi, le célèbre marché d'Aligre. Elle se termine enfin à la limite avec le XIe arrondissement, rue du Faubourg-Saint-Antoine, au carrefour avec la rue de Cotte et la rue Trousseau, où est située une auberge de jeunesse.
Le tableau est exposé en hauteur, dans un angle de la pièce qui comprend les œuvres de Malevitch. Cette place est ce que l'on appelle le « beau coin », l'endroit où sont exposées les icônes dans les maisons paysannes russes. L'accrochage est ambigu : tout en revendiquant un rôle spirituel pour cette œuvre, il agit aussi comme une provocation futuriste à l'égard du bon goût, des normes sociales et des conventions artistiques.
Erik Jordan Komatsu (né le 1er octobre 1987 à Camarillo, Californie, États-Unis) est un voltigeur des Ligues majeures de baseball évoluant avec les Nationals de Washington.
Abraham Philip Miller, surnommé Corky et né le 18 mars 1976 à Yucaipa, Californie, États-Unis, est un joueur de baseball évoluant à la position de receveur dans les Ligues majeures de 2001 à 2013.
Il est facile (voir section « Exemples » ci-dessus) d'exhiber un homéomorphisme lisse qui n'est pas un difféomorphisme, mais plus difficile de trouver des variétés lisses qui sont homéomorphes sans être difféomorphes. Il en existe seulement en dimension supérieure ou égale à 4.
Le nombre de clubs participant à la première division du championnat de France est donc resté élevé jusqu’en 1992 (quarante), avant de diminuer régulièrement jusqu'au nombre actuel de quatorze clubs. Le nombre de clubs retenus pour participer à la phase finale du championnat a lui diminué de 32 (depuis les seizièmes de finale jusqu’à la finale) en 1981 à six (barrages, demi-finales puis finale) actuellement.
Essai d'une nouvelle agrostographie, (abrégé en Ess. Agrostogr.), est un ouvrage illustré avec des descriptions botaniques publié par le naturaliste et botaniste français, Ambroise Marie François Joseph Palisot de Beauvois. Il fut publié à Paris en 1812, sous le titre de Essai d'une Nouvelle Agrostographie ; ou Nouveaux Genres des Graminées; Avec Figures Représentant les Caractéres de tous le Genres. Imprimerie de Fain.
Le chien d'Artois est apparenté aux différents bassets, dont il est l'ancêtre : notamment le basset artésien normand, ainsi qu'au beagle, qui est issu de croisements entre le chien d'Artois et des races anglaises.[réf. nécessaire] C'est d'ailleurs pour le distinguer du basset artésien que la race est encore, parfois, appelée grand chien d'Artois.
L'évolution du nombre d'habitants est connue à travers les recensements de la population effectués dans la commune depuis 1793. À partir de 2006, les populations légales des communes sont publiées annuellement par l'Insee. Le recensement repose désormais sur une collecte d'information annuelle, concernant successivement tous les territoires communaux au cours d'une période de cinq ans. Pour les communes de moins de 10 000 habitants, une enquête de recensement portant sur toute la population est réalisée tous les cinq ans, les populations légales des années intermédiaires étant quant à elles estimées par interpolation ou extrapolation. Pour la commune, le premier recensement exhaustif entrant dans le cadre du nouveau dispositif a été réalisé en 2008.
5. Opercule, obturateur ou rotor, tels que : boisseau, papillon, guillotine, sphère ou boule... (disc, rotor ou valve member en anglais), appelé tablier lorsque la vanne est plate ;
Contrairement à la tendance régionale, la part des personnes âgées a légèrement reculée à Roissy, alors que les tranches des 60 à 95 ans ou plus sont déjà deux fois moins représentées que la moyenne de la région. Pour la tranche des 60 à 74 ans, 5,0 % des hommes et 6,5 % des femmes à Roissy, contre respectivement 10,2 % et 11,3 % en Île-de-France et pour les plus de 75 ans, 1,7 % des hommes et 3,6 % des femmes contre respectivement 4,0 % et 7,2 % en Île-de-France.
Le parc national de la Chorie se trouve dans une zone de taïga montagneuse au nord-est de l'Altaï, divisée par plusieurs vallées. L'altitude moyenne varie entre 500 et 800 mètres et les sommets culminent entre 1 600 mètres et 1 800 mètres. Le climat est continental, mais la barrière à l'est de l'Alataou de Kouznetsk et à l'ouest du plateau de Salaïr, permettent un micro-climat: la température moyenne en janvier est comprise entre −20 °C et −22 °C et en juillet entre +17 °C et +18 °C, sauf dans les sommets où elle chute brutalement. L'enneigement dure d'octobre à avril. Les vents viennent surtout du sud ou du sud-ouest.
Le premier exemple fut la sphère exotique de Milnor, variété de dimension 7, homéomorphe mais non difféomorphe à la 7-sphère standard. Il existe en fait (à difféomorphisme orienté près) 28 variétés homéomorphes à la 7-sphère (chacune est l'espace total d'un fibré en 3-sphères sur la 4-sphère).
Parmi les « entartés » à avoir porté plainte se trouve Jean-Pierre Chevènement, qui a obtenu en octobre 2002 la condamnation de Noël Godin à 800 euros d'amende pour « violences volontaires avec préméditation », plus un euro symbolique pour le plaignant. Devant le tribunal, Noël Godin a déclaré avoir entrepris une « croisade pâtissière en hommage à l'humoriste Alphonse Allais, contre des personnalités qui se prennent très, très, très au sérieux ». En 2004, sa peine est alourdie en appel à 2 500 euros, en faisant avec les frais de justice la somme de 7 351 euros.
Au lycée, le film préféré d'Adam Young était Heavyweights. Sa chanson " Gimme Burgers " de son projet " Can You Smell What The Rock Is Cooking? " est d'ailleurs un hommage au film. Les petits extraits audios du film sont aussi joués à l'arrière-plan de multiples chansons des projets du chanteur : El Uno Clarence, The One Clarence.
Plus les jours passent, plus la campagne pour empêcher la pendaison de Riel s'amplifie. Le 22 octobre 1885, mauvaise nouvelle : le pourvoi de Louis Riel est rejeté. Le comité de défense de Louis Riel réclame maintenant un examen mental par une commission de médecins. Il obtient un autre sursis jusqu'au 10 novembre. Les journaux anglais sont furibonds alors que L'Étendard et La Presse accentuent la campagne pour sauver Riel.
À l'origine les six communes de l'ancien canton d'Abondance, correspondant au territoire de la vallée homonyme, ont formé le Syndicat intercommunal à la carte de la vallée d'Abondance (SICVA). Ce SIVOM a laissé sa place à la communauté de communes de la vallée d'Abondance (2CVA), en 2013.
Le parc national de la Chorie, en russe Шорский национальный парк, Chorsky natsionalny park, est une aire naturelle protégée de Russie située en Chorie montagneuse dans la partie méridionale de l'oblast de Kemerovo et fondée le 27 décembre 1989. Il s'étend sur 4 138 kilomètres carrés dans le raïon de Tachtagol. La longueur du parc du nord au sud est de 110 km et sa largeur d'ouest en est de 90 km. Son siège se trouve à Tachtagol.
Histoire nationale ou histoire internationale du livre et de l’édition ? : un débat planétaire, dir. M. Lyons, J.Y. Mollier et F. Vallotton, Québec, Nota Bene éd, 2012, 432 p.
De gueules à l'épervier d'argent la tête tournée, becqué et membré d'or, accompagné d'un croissant tourné en chef et de trois molettes deux et une, le tout d'argent.
Jean Philippe (ingénieur AM et INPG, chef de la division opérationnelle) et Jean-Claude Daumarie (service tunnels de la ligne TGV Rhône-Alpes), « Le TGV Rhône-Alpes et ses tunnels : Construction du prolongement du TGV sud-est de Lyon à Valence », Tunnels et ouvrages souterrains, no 101,‎ septembre-octobre 1990, p. 222-234 (lire en ligne).
Selon le site web de Taco Bell, il y a actuellement plus de 6 500 restaurants Taco Bell fonctionnant aux États-Unis. Plus de 280 sont situées au Canada, à Guam, à Aruba, en République Dominicaine, au Chili, au Costa Rica, au Guatemala, à Porto Rico, en Équateur, à Hawaï, en Asie et en Europe.
le Stade français est deuxième du bilan avec quatorze titres dont huit acquis jusqu'à 1908 et six depuis 1998. Il est avec le Racing 92, l'un des deux seuls à avoir été sacrés Champions de France sur trois siècles, soit aux XIXe, XXe, et XXIe siècles;
Le vainqueur du championnat de France remporte comme trophée le bouclier de Brennus. Au cours de sa longue histoire, le championnat de France a été marqué à plusieurs reprises par des cycles de domination de certains clubs pendant dix à quinze ans. Dans l'ordre chronologique, on relève l'hégémonie des deux clubs parisiens du Racing club de France et du Stade français (1892-1903), puis celles du Stade bordelais (années 1900), du FC Lourdes (années 1950), de l'AS Béziers (années 1971-1984) et du Stade toulousain (années 1920, puis 1985-2001). Entre 1994 et 2008, le Stade français, le Biarritz olympique et le Stade toulousain se sont partagé les quinze titres mis en jeu. Cette hégémonie à trois prend fin en 2009 avec la victoire de Perpignan et le championnat connaît ensuite six vainqueurs différents en sept saisons.
Ces différentes infrastructures à fort trafic ont un impact important en termes de pollution sonore, l'autoroute du Nord et la LGV Nord sont classées de catégorie 1 (la plus élevée) selon la réglementation et de nombreuses voies routières sont de catégorie 2. Néanmoins, les zones habitées ne sont pas directement affectées et le centre du village reste un lieu relativement calme sans nuisances significatives, comparativement aux communes rurales voisines.
Les revenus des habitants sont essentiellement agricoles ou dépendent de l'agriculture, avec 25 exploitations sur la commune au début du XXe siècle.
Le 17 février 1794, il est nommé conservateur du dépôt de Nesle. Ce dépôt a contenu un grand nombre d'œuvres d'art, d'objets scientifiques et de curiosités qui ont été depuis envoyés dans les musées, les bibliothèques et palais.
Bernard-Henri Lévy prendra très mal sa tarte à la crème en 1985, flanquant rudement Le Gloupier par terre. Il lui intima ensuite, alors que Godin était maintenu au sol par deux agents de sécurité :
Barbara Honigmann était la fille d’émigrants juifs allemands qui au temps du nazisme avaient cherché leur salut en s’exilant en Grande-Bretagne ; ils revinrent en 1947 à Berlin, pour collaborer à la construction de la nouvelle Allemagne. Son père Georges Honigmann se décida, poussé par ses convictions communistes, à s’installer dans la zone d'occupation soviétique. Pendant son exil en Angleterre, il s'était marié avec la mère de Barbara Honigmann, Alice Kohlmann originaire de Vienne et connue sous le nom de Litzi Friedmann, qui avait été la première épouse de l'agent double Kim Philby.
Il fut diplômé de Harvard Divinity School en 1892. Il officia comme ministre du culte unitarien à Burlington (Vermont) puis à Taunton (Massachusetts), à Winchester (Massachusetts) et à Portland (Maine).
Michel Debré étudie à Paris, au lycée Montaigne, puis au lycée Louis-le-Grand. Diplômé de l'École libre des sciences politiques, il devient docteur en droit à la faculté de droit de Paris, et intègre également l'École des officiers de réserve de la cavalerie à Saumur. Il est reçu, à 22 ans, au concours de l'auditorat au Conseil d'État.
À l’automne 1871, Beaugrand s'établit en Nouvelle-Angleterre. À Philadelphie, d'abord, où il exerce la profession de pâtissier. Dès le mois de juillet ou d’août de la même année, il déménage à Fall River, au Massachusetts, où il réside avec son frère Télésphore. La ville, à cette époque, compte 5 700 francophones, immigrés du Québec, qui comptent pour 14 % de la population totale.Très vite, il se démarque au sein de la population franco-américaine, en mettant sur pied des sociétés patriotiques et culturelles et en fondant des journaux.
Les cratères dit satellites sont de petits cratères situés à proximité du cratère principal, ils sont nommés du même nom mais accompagné d'une lettre majuscule complémentaire (même si la formation de ces cratères est indépendante de la formation du cratère principal). Par convention ces caractéristiques sont indiquées sur les cartes lunaires en plaçant la lettre sur le point le plus proche du cratère principal. Liste des cratères satellites de Anderson :
La faune que l'on rencontre dans le parc est variée. Ce sont surtout: la zibeline, le vison de Sibérie et le vison d'Amérique, l'écureuil, le lièvre de Sibérie, la loutre, le blaireau, l'hermine, la belette de montagne et la belette de steppe, le glouton, le renard, le loup, l'ours brun et le lynx, ainsi que l'élan, le renne sauvage, le porte-musc de Sibérie, le chevreuil et le cerf élaphe.
(en) Cet article est partiellement ou en totalité issu de l’article de Wikipédia en anglais intitulé « Providence Township, Hardin County, Iowa » (voir la liste des auteurs).
En juin 1994, Noël Godin se rend avec quelques complices au tournoi Roland-Garros pour entarter Patrick Poivre d’Arvor ; une amie lui a dit qu'il s'y trouverait. Finalement, ils apprennent que Poivre d'Arvor n'y sera pas, ils décident alors d'entarter à la place le patron de la chaîne de télé France 2 Jean-Pierre Elkabbach. Godin et trois complices l'attendent pendant cinq heures à la sortie VIP du stade. Au moment où ils aperçoivent Elkabbach sortir, ils envoient leurs tartes sur lui en même temps, en criant : « Osons ! Osons ! Osons ! Osons ! ». Plus tard, Elkabbach accusera Thierry Ardisson d'avoir été complice de l'événement et annulera son émission Autant en emporte le temps.
L'Asama (あさま, du nom du volcan Asama) est le nom d'un service de train à grande vitesse japonais du réseau Shinkansen développé par la JR East entre Tokyo et Nagano.
Frédérique Fromentin et Yveline Pallier, Grands ensembles urbains en Bretagne, Éditions Apogée, Université de Rennes II - Haute Bretagne, Rennes, 1997, 112 p.
Malgré son admiration pour de Gaulle, Debré prend cependant soin de distinguer l'homme et le régime, et réfute, parfois avec indignation — et trente ans après —, les accusations des antigaullistes selon laquelle la constitution de 1958 avait été taillée pour de Gaulle et ne lui survivrait pas. Il considère même que la cohabitation était envisagée dès la fondation du régime :
Référence World Spider Catalog : Osornolobus cekalovici Forster & Platnick, 1985 dans la famille Orsolobidae (en) +base de données (consulté le 14 septembre 2017)
Une partie de la presse, principalement francophone et catholique, dénonce ces mesures autoritaires perçues comme une agression à l'endroit des Canadiens français. Le journal The Gazette, le Montreal Star et le Montreal Herald multiplient les provocations à l'endroit des francophones. Des manifestants vont briser les vitres du Montreal Herald lorsque ce dernier attribue l'épidémie à la malpropreté de la population francophone.
À la suite de la mort de ses parents dans un accident de l'usine africaine Umbrella masquant la fabrique d'armes biologiques, tous les survivants de son village seront exécutés par les membres de l'UBCS venus s'assurer que l'incident n'ai pas de conséquences. Elle sera ramenée chez elle discrètement et attendra jusqu'à l'arrivée de son oncle chez qui elle ira vivre quelque temps. Mais Sheva, qui ne croit toujours pas à la mort de ses parents, s'échappe et rejoint un groupe de guérilléros. Le groupe avait l'intention d'utiliser des armes biologiques afin de renverser le gouvernement et chercha ainsi à prendre contact avec Umbrella. Elle monte en grade, jusqu'à ce qu'un jour, alors qu'elle effectuait une tâche mineure pour le groupe, elle est accostée par un étrange personnage dans le marché du village lui tenant un dossier et lui disant de le retrouver dans 2 heures derrière l'église si elle croyait à son contenu. Le dossier racontait la véritable nature des incidents de l'usine. Elle se rendit donc au rendez-vous. L'homme du marché et un autre homme en costume s'y trouvait. Ils lui proposèrent un marché : participer à l'arrestation d'un représentant d'Umbrella et être lavée de toute condamnation, elle et son groupe, pour complot terroriste. L'arrestation se fera sans encombre. Sheva et le groupe seront acquittés et elle sera invitée par l'homme en costume à poursuivre sa vie aux États-Unis. Elle acceptera. Ainsi plus tard, une fois sa scolarité achevée, l'homme en costume lui proposera d'intégrer la BSAA. Elle acceptera, son amertume envers Umbrella, responsable de la mort de ses parents, n'ayant pas diminué au cours des ans. Elle sera affectée par la suite à la branche africaine de l'organisation.
Le mapping class group (en) π0Diff+(M) d'une variété orientable M est généralement non trivial. Si M est une surface, ce groupe est de présentation finie, engendré par les twists de Dehn (en). Max Dehn et Jakob Nielsen ont prouvé qu'il s'identifiait au groupe des automorphismes extérieurs du groupe fondamental de la surface.
Au printemps 2014: Son émission Le Délire à Marto, diffusée sur les ondes d'ÉNERGIE 98.9 Québec, a été en nomination au Gala les Olivier dans la catégorie « Émission humoristique de l'année ».
La commune a été récompensée en 2015 d'une Marianne d'or pour son projet de maison de l'enfance, qui doit ouvrir fin septembre 2016 et regroupera l'ensemble des structures locales destinées à la jeunesse.
L'aéroport occupe une part importante de la surface communale, mais aucune aérogare ne s'y trouve. En revanche, les hangars de la zone d'entretien nord (Ateliers Air France), une partie des pistes 1 et 3, la station météo et la zone centrale ouest (une tour de contrôle, le central téléphonique…) se situent sur la commune de Roissy-en-France.
Le 28 juin 1940, à la suite de la signature du Pacte germano-soviétique, la région est annexée, par l'Union soviétique qui l'intégre à la république socialiste soviétique d'Ukraine. En juin 1941, le général Petre Dumitrescu la reprend pour le compte de la Roumanie avec la troisième armée roumaine, et en mars 1944, l’Armée rouge reprend le territoire pour l’Union soviétique. En 1956, Hlyboka accéda au statut de commune urbaine. Elle fait partie de l'Ukraine indépendante depuis 1991.
En 1956, elle publie Évocations, plaquette à la mémoire de Michel Chiha. En 1958, elle publie à Beyrouth (Imprimerie catholique) son roman, Sous la baguette du coudrier.
Cette race a connu son heure de gloire dans la vénerie des Bourbons, au temps d'Henri IV et de Louis XIII. Elle était alors très recherchée. Jean-Emmanuel Le Couteulx de Canteleu dans son Manuel de vénerie française (1890) parle encore avec éloge du chien d'Artois, qui a pourtant déjà sérieusement régressé.
Des sculptures contemporaines ont été placées en plusieurs points du village en 1997, devant la mairie annexe et à proximité du centre culturel. On peut citer : le « Métalithe », mi-oiseau mi-avion et très inspirée du Concorde, œuvre d’Alex Labejof, artiste roisséen ; « Connection », sculpture en pierre et granite d'environ une tonne, qui a réuni dix artistes du Monde entier sous la coordination du sculpteur Gilles Brun ; « Le Temps », « Œuvre collective » (exposée devant la mairie annexe) réalisée avec la participation des enfants du centre de loisirs maternels et « L'aumône », exposée en mairie, œuvre d'Alex Labejof.
Roissy-en-France bénéficie d'une certaine notoriété littéraire puisque c'est là que Pauline Réage place l'établissement qu'elle a imaginé dans son roman Histoire d'O. Appelé simplement Roissy dans le roman, son identification est assurée par André Pieyre de Mandiargues dans une postface (intitulée précisément Roissy-en-France) d'une suite de ce roman intitulée Retour à Roissy.
Après la vente de L’Écho du Canada, Beaugrand est de retour au Québec pour l'été. Il devient administrateur-gérant au Bien public et pourra, si cela est nécessaire, agir comme rédacteur. Il est également rédacteur au Courrier de Montréal, sorte d’édition hebdomadaire du Bien public, dirigé par Laurent-Olivier David et Cléophas Beausoleil.
L'organisation de la saison 1991-1992 n'est elle aussi conservée qu'une saison avec deux groupes de quarante clubs qui qualifient trente deux clubs pour disputer des seizièmes de finale.
Martin Castonguay, alias Marto ou Marto Napoli ou Le Maître du Monde,, est un animateur de radio de Québec. Originaire de Saint-Alexandre-de-Kamouraska près de Rivière-du-Loup, il a été animateur à la station CHOI-FM entre 2000 et 2007 et animait à Radio X2 Rock 100.9 jusqu'en 2011. Depuis le 3 septembre 2013, il anime à ÉNERGIE 98,9, à Québec.
«Honoré Beaugrand (1848-1906)», dans Yvan Lamonde et Sophie Montreuil (dir.) Lire au Québec au XIXe siècle, Montréal, Éditions Fides, 2003, p. 167-?.
En 2013, il frappe pour ,257 en 17 matchs des Reds, avec 8 points produits. Le 26 juillet 2013, le joueur de 36 ans est le receveur le plus âgé à amorcer une rencontre des Reds de Cincinnati depuis Bob Scheffing (38 ans) en 1951.
Une autre possibilité est à l'étude. Vers 1440, Jean de Billy, seigneur de Mauregard (Seine-et-Marne) et de Roissy en partie épouse Marguerite d’Orgemont. Cette femme est la petite-fille de Jeanne Gentien dit « La Gentienne » et de Arnold Boucher. Nicole Hennequin, épouse de Jean-Jacques de Mesmes, seigneur de Roissy et Jeanne Hennequin épouse de son fils Henri sont issues également de cette branche,.
Honoré Beaugrand, né le 24 mars 1848 dans le village de St-Joseph-de-Lanoraie (aujourd'hui Lanoraie, Québec), mort le 7 octobre 1906 à Montréal, journaliste, propriétaire de journaux, homme politique et écrivain. Il est l'un des figures marquantes du libéralisme radical dans le Québec de la fin du 19e siècle. Maire de Montréal de 1885 à 1887, il passe à l’histoire à titre d’écrivain (La Chasse galerie) et de fondateur du journal La Patrie.
Au bonheur du feuilleton : naissance et mutations d'un genre (France, États-Unis, Grande-Bretagne, XVIIIe – XXe siècles), Paris, Créaphis, 2007 (codir. avec Marie-Françoise Cachin, Diana Cooper-Richet et Claire Parfait)
En 1984, Mike Birch, à bord de son Formule Tag, le premier catamaran en Kevlar et fibre de carbone, bat le record du monde de la plus grande distance naviguée en vingt-quatre heures.
À ce jour, cet immeuble emblématique géré par la SA d'HLM « Harmonie Habitat » (Société du groupe « Harmonie Mutualité ») comprend 780 logements hébergeant près de 2500 personnes et une surface de bureau de 13 500 m2 accueillant près de 100 entreprises.
Église catholique. Les fidèles de la commune sont accueillis à l'église Saint-Éloi. La paroisse de Roissy relève du doyenné de Luzarches et du diocèse de Pontoise. Elle est desservie par le père Jean-Pierre Mangès. La paroisse de Roissy-en-France, Chennevières-lès-Louvres et Épiais-lès-Louvres dépend du secteur pastoral de Louvres. L'aumônerie de l'aéroport Charles-de-Gaulle dépend du diocèse de Paris.
Elle co-fonde en 1953 l’Association pour le développement rural, laquelle ouvre des dizaines d’écoles gratuites dans les villages. Elle la préside pendant plus de dix ans.
Au XXe siècle, lorsque Dario Fo rencontra Franca Rame, fille d’une famille de comédiens itinérants qui possédaient encore les canevas ancestraux, il adapta au monde moderne ces témoignages d’une ancienne culture maintenant éteinte, notamment avec la pièce Mystère bouffe (1969).
Ivana Zburová est une joueuse de volley-ball slovaque née le 30 avril 1982 à Humenné (région de Prešov). Elle mesure 1,76 m et joue au poste de passeuse.
Le bassin d'emploi de Roissy défini par l'Unedic regroupe soixante-quatre communes réparties sur trois départements et totalisant 623 500 habitants en 1999 et 252 000 emplois au 31 décembre 2005, ce qui en fait un des plus grands pôles d'emploi en France. Il est un des plus dynamiques d'Île-de-France, ayant connu une augmentation de 8 % du nombre d'emplois de 2001 à 2005 tandis que la tendance était à la baisse dans l'ensemble de la région. Les salariés du bassin d'emploi ont pour particularité d'être plus jeunes et moins formés que la moyenne régionale, de nombreux emplois étant peu qualifiés (manutention, services aéroportuaires…) et d'habiter très majoritairement sur le territoire,.
Bède décrit comment Sigeberht devint un roi pieux, enclin au pardon chrétien, mais sa nouvelle attitude lui vaut bientôt d'être assassiné par deux de ses propres parents (propinqui), deux frères dont on ignore les noms et qui reprochent au roi d'être « trop prompt à pardonner à ses ennemis ». L'évêque Cedd a excommunié l'un des deux frères pour mariage illégal et a interdit à quiconque de manger avec lui ou d'entrer dans sa demeure. Toutefois, Sigeberht néglige l'ordre de l'évêque et accepte une invitation des frères à bénéficier de leur hospitalité. Lorsqu'il rencontre Cedd sur la route, il s'étend à ses pieds et demande son pardon, mais Cedd prophétise que le roi paiera sa désobéissance en mourant dans cette maison. Bède conclut en déclarant que « la mort de ce pieux roi fut telle qu'elle racheta non seulement sa faute, mais accrut encore son mérite ; car elle fut le fruit de sa piété et de son observation des préceptes du Christ ».
Les fleurs de magnolia attirent les insectes pollinisateurs. Les carpelles des fleurs de magnolia sont extrêmement robustes : ils ne sont pas endommagés par les coléoptères pollinisateurs. Les magnolias sont apparus avant les coléoptères ; des spécimens fossilisés de Magnolia acuminata datent de 20 millions d'années et des spécimens appartenant à la famille des Magnoliaceae de 95 millions d'années. Un des aspects primitifs des magnolias est leur absence de distinction entre sépales et pétales.
En 1814, la déroute des armées impériales provoqua la peur dans le village : on évoquait l'arrivée imminente des Prussiens et des Cosaques. Le 23 mars, les armées russes et prussiennes arrivèrent et saccagèrent toute la région, les pillages et les mauvais traitements envers les habitants furent nombreux.
Le 28 août 2013, Marto annonce son retour sur la bande FM: il signe un contrat avec ÉNERGIE 98,9. Depuis le 3 septembre 2013, il anime avec ses anciens collaborateurs une émission de début de soirée.
Le RC Toulon réalise aussi de belles performances pendant cette période avec deux titres de champion en 1987 et 1992, et trois places de finaliste en 1971, 1985 et 1989.
Après deux mandats de gouverneur, il se présente aux élections sénatoriales de 2000 face au républicain sortant John Ashcroft. Sa candidature est vue comme l'un des principaux espoirs des démocrates pour conquérir un siège républicain lors de ces élections. Trois semaines avant le scrutin, le 16 octobre, Carnahan meurt dans un accident d'avion aux côtés de son fils et d'un conseiller. En raison de la proximité de l'élection, les bulletins doivent rester au nom de Mel Carnahan. Roger B. Wilson (en), qui lui a succédé au poste de gouverneur, propose de nommer sa veuve Jean au Sénat si Carnahan remporte l'élection. Le 7 novembre, il est élu au Sénat des États-Unis à titre posthume, une première. Jean est nommée pour siéger à sa place au Sénat.
Chaque acteur adoptant et conservant un personnage en rapport avec ses aptitudes, s’incarnait dans son rôle et, pour enrichir son discours, se faisait un fonds de traits conformes à son caractère. « Les comédiens, dit Niccolò Barbieri, étudient beaucoup et se munissent la mémoire d’une grande provision de choses : sentences, concetti, déclarations d’amour, reproches, désespoirs et délires, afin de les avoir tout prêts à l’occasion, et leurs études sont en rapport avec les mœurs et les habitudes des personnages qu’ils représentent. » Ainsi, Andreini a fait imprimer les rodomontades qu’il débitait dans ses rôles de Capitan. Du reste, la parole va de pair avec l’action, et celle-ci se soutient par l’abondance des jeux de scène.
la personne recrutée de cette façon connaît l'entreprise et est opérationnelle beaucoup plus rapidement (y compris s'il s'agit d'un stagiaire, intérimaire ou consultant externe).
Le nombre de clubs français admis à participer à la Coupe d'Europe dépend de la prestation des clubs français lors des éditions antérieures de la Coupe. Ainsi, sept clubs furent admis après la victoire du Stade toulousain lors de la Coupe d'Europe 2004-2005. Les clubs français ont un très bon bilan en Coupe d'Europe, avec huit titres remportés (quatre par le Stade toulousain, trois par le RC Toulon et un par le CA Brive). À cinq reprises la finale a opposé deux clubs français : Stade toulousain - USA Perpignan en 2003, Stade toulousain - Stade français en 2005, Stade toulousain - Biarritz olympique en 2010 et RC Toulon - ASM Clermont Auvergne en 2013 et 2015.
Lors du recrutement, un grand nombre d'éléments sont pris en compte dans le choix des candidats retenus (formation, expérience professionnelle, réussites professionnelles majeures, intérêt professionnel, personnalité, facteur général (G), valeurs...) et d'outils utilisés (entretiens structurés, entretiens non structurés, tests de capacités cognitives, tests de personnalité, tests de simulation...).
Elle est membre du P.E.N.-Zentrums deutschsprachiger Autoren im Ausland qui réunit des auteurs germanophones résidant à l’étranger. Depuis 2007, elle est membre correspondant de l'Akademie der Wissenschaften und der Literatur Mainz (Académie des sciences et de la littérature de Mayence), et depuis 2009 membre correspondant de la Deutsche Akademie für Sprache und Dichtung (Académie allemande pour la langue et poésie).
Le problème de prolongement correspondant pour l'hypersphère Sn−1 a été très étudié dans les années 1950 et 1960, notamment par René Thom, John Milnor et Stephen Smale. Une obstruction est le groupe abélien fini Γn, le « groupe des sphères tordues », défini comme le quotient de π0Diff+(Sn−1) — le groupe abélien des composantes connexes du groupe des difféomorphismes orientés — par le sous-groupe des composantes contenant des restrictions de difféomorphismes de la boule Bn.
Après son abitur Barbara Honigmann fit des études de théâtre à l’université Humbold, de 1967 en 1972. Au cours des années suivantes, elle travailla comme dramaturge et réalisatrice dans le Brandebourg et à la Volksbühne ainsi qu'au Deutsches Theater de Berlin-Est. Depuis 1975, elle travaille indépendamment comme écrivain.
Au XVIIIe siècle, en Italie, Carlo Goldoni donne un nouveau souffle à la commedia dell’arte. Goldoni oblige ses acteurs à se référer au texte écrit, à renoncer aux pitreries faciles, éliminant peu à peu les masques, en conférant aux personnages une individualité toujours plus personnelle, dans le goût de la bourgeoisie de son époque. Il a transformé la commedia dell’arte en comédie de caractère, cependant que Carlo Gozzi reste dans la tradition du conte, ayant recours à des arguments aux accents pathétiques et satiriques, se référant à des personnalités et coutumes contemporaines.
Ce faible taux s'explique essentiellement par la situation privilégiée de la commune : si elle doit subir les nuisances liées à la présence du premier aéroport de France, elle bénéficie aussi d'une immense manne financière à travers la taxe professionnelle versée. Roissy‑en‑France se situe en effet au cinquième rang francilien en termes de base de taxe professionnelle. Elle était quatorzième pour le montant du produit de la taxe professionnelle (chiffres 2003 ). Avec 129 242 euros par habitant, la commune est en deuxième position régionale en termes de montant de base par habitant.
L'entreprise peut aussi faire appel à un cabinet de recrutement pour lui déléguer une partie ou la totalité du processus de recrutement. En fonction de la mission confiée par l'entreprise et du savoir-faire du cabinet choisi, les méthodes peuvent se différencier: Il peut s'agir du simple remplacement d'un profil à l'identique ou d'un réaménagement ou d'une création de poste, ce qui peut nécessiter un audit organisationnel et la rédaction d'une définition de fonction. Une fois la mission bien définie, mandat de recherche est confié au cabinet qui peut utiliser des méthodes classiques (par annonce internet et/ou presse) ou des méthodes de recherche directe et personnalisée ( dite «chasse de têtes» pour des profils très spécifiques : cadres, professionnels "pointus" ou dirigeants, ou des contextes impliquant une forte confidentialité ). En France, sont notamment actifs les cabinets de recrutement Hays, Randstad et Michael Page.Depuis le 18 janvier 2005 et la loi de cohésion sociale dite Loi Borlot, toutes les enseignes d'intérims peuvent réaliser des prestations de placement(recrutement CDI et CDD.
Le 19 mars 2015 Tag Heuer annonce, à l’occasion du Baselworld, avoir scellé un partenariat avec Intel et Google pour créer une montre de luxe connectée . La Tag Heuer Carrera Connected est présentée au public à New York le 9 novembre 2015 en présence de Bernard Arnault, du président d'Intel Brian Kzranichet du vice président de Google David Singleton. Elle est commercialisée au prix de 1 400 euros.
La présence au début du XVe siècle d'un ancien château ou manoir flanqué de tours rondes est attestée. Il sera démoli à la fin du XVIIe siècle. En 1537, le fief dit d'en haut, comprenant le château, le parc et cinq-cents arpents de terre fut acheté par Jean-Jacques de Mesmes (1490-1569) Premier Président au parlement de Normandie. Tandis que le fief d'en bas fut lui acheté par Richard d'Elbègne, seigneur de l'Espire. Jean-Jacques de Mesmes obtint en 1541 la permission du roi François Ier de construire un moulin à vent, et en 1544 le droit d'établir une foire le 3 novembre et un marché chaque mardi. La foire ne disparaitra qu'au milieu du XIXe siècle.
En raison de la Première Guerre mondiale, le championnat est interrompu entre 1914 et 1919. Pendant cette période, le championnat est remplacé par la Coupe de l'Espérance qui est disputée surtout avec des jeunes gens non appelés sous les drapeaux. La compétition a été disputée quatre fois mais ne fait pas partie du palmarès officiel du championnat.
La partie française est longue de 1 194 km et relie Roscoff en Bretagne à Bray-Dunes dans le Nord. Elle passe par Morlaix, Saint-Brieuc, Saint-Malo, Avranches, Vire, Saint-Lô, Carentan, Deauville, Honfleur, Le Havre, Dieppe, Calais (EV5) et Dunkerque.
Ses activités d'« entarteur » semblent avoir commencé en novembre 1968. Avec un complice, il s'en prit à un professeur de l'université de Liège, Marcel De Corte, connu pour ses idées réactionnaires, sur lequel Godin déversa un pot de colle. Même si l'acte n'a pas été directement revendiqué, il est plausible de penser qu'il s'agissait bien de Noël Godin,.
De fait, Roissy-en-France est l'une des communes du Val-d'Oise les plus dotées en emplois résidents, à égalité ou presque avec Argenteuil ou Cergy, mais ces communes sont autrement plus peuplées que la cité aéroportuaire.
En 1969, Pierre Villepreux perd sa deuxième finale du championnat de France, cette fois avec le Stade toulousain qui est battu par Bègles. Avec Lucien Mias, il fait partie des grands joueurs internationaux français, comme Pierre Albaladejo, Walter Spanghero, Jo Maso et Serge Blanco, qui n'ont jamais remporté le titre de champion de France.
Formes anciennes : Royssi en 1196, Russiacum en 1122, Roissiacum, Rossiacum, Rusciacum, Rossiacum, du nom de personne latin Roscius ou Rossius et du suffixe -acum. Le village est attesté sous la forme latinisée Rosiaco au XIIIe siècle. Homonymie avec Rochy-Condé, Rouessé-Fontaine, etc.
Sheva Alomar est un personnage fictif de la série de jeux vidéo Resident Evil. Elle est l'un des protagonistes principaux de Resident Evil 5. Ce sont les mouvements de Karen Dyer qui ont été capturés pour la modéliser.
La Voulte devient la plus petite ville de France, depuis Quillan en 1929, à voir passer le bouclier de Brennus dans ses rues en 1970. Au terme d'une partie très serrée, les Voultains l'emportent par un essai de l'ailier Renaud Vialar, non transformé, permettant aux célèbres frères Camberabero d'ajouter leur nom au palmarès. Les Monferrandais perdent la troisième de dix finales consécutives sans victoire.
Au rez-de-chaussée est conservé le fronton du Temple du Belvédère d'Orvieto, la célèbre Vénus de Cannicella, issue de son sanctuaire de la nécropole de Cannicella et le cippe à tête de guerrier de la nécropole du Crucifix du Tuf.
Bien que réputé jacobin, Michel Debré s'est toujours déclaré, avec insistance, « libéral ». Il ne faut cependant pas comprendre cette revendication à l'aune du « libéralisme » au sens de la philosophie politique : Debré accorde peu de confiance au régime parlementaire, et affirme tout au long de sa carrière la nécessité de l'autorité de l'État. Il montre cependant, dès les années 1930, une sensibilité particulière pour les questions économiques, et regrette qu'elles occupent une place trop réduite dans la formation des élites politiques françaises. La nationalisation de l'École libre des sciences politiques et la création des instituts d'études politiques en 1945 est censée corriger cette insuffisance.
C'est durant ces années passées en Nouvelle-Angleterre que début véritablement sa carrière littéraire. Il publie de très nombreux articles, et quelques récits (dont « le Fantôme de l’avare » et « Anita : souvenirs de la campagne du Mexique »); mais surtout, à partir du 15 décembre 1877, les premières tranches du roman Jeanne la fileuse : épisode de l’émigration franco-canadienne aux États-Unis. Celui-ci sera publié en livre le 17 mars 1878.
L'évolution du nombre d'habitants est connue à travers les recensements de la population effectués dans la commune depuis 1793. À partir de 2006, les populations légales des communes sont publiées annuellement par l'Insee. Le recensement repose désormais sur une collecte d'information annuelle, concernant successivement tous les territoires communaux au cours d'une période de cinq ans. Pour les communes de moins de 10 000 habitants, une enquête de recensement portant sur toute la population est réalisée tous les cinq ans, les populations légales des années intermédiaires étant quant à elles estimées par interpolation ou extrapolation. Pour la commune, le premier recensement exhaustif entrant dans le cadre du nouveau dispositif a été réalisé en 2008.
Ses collections comprennent des vestiges antiques grecs et ceux issus des tombes étrusques des environs de la ville, des céramiques attiques à figures noires et à figures rouges et une collection de monnaies.
Après avoir abandonné la mairie en 1887, Beaugrand continue à mener la vie d’un grand bourgeois montréalais. Il partagera son temps jusqu'à sa mort en 1906 entre les voyages, l'écriture et l'animation de diverses sociétés culturelles (Alliance française, Société des traditions populaires, Canadian Folklore Society). Franc-maçon, il participe en 1896 à la fondation de la loge montréalaise L’Émancipation, affiliée au Grand Orient de France.
Il occupe par la suite les fonctions de ministre de l'Économie et des Finances, de 1966 à 1968, puis des Affaires étrangères, de 1968 à 1969, et enfin de la Défense nationale et « numéro deux du gouvernement », de 1969 à 1973.
Le fichier BALSAC est une banque de données informatisées permettant la construction des histoires familiales, individuelles et des généalogies à l’échelle de la population du Québec depuis le XVIIe siècle.
En 1832, l'épidémie de choléra qui touchait Paris s'étendit rapidement et atteint Roissy : entre le 21 juillet et le 12 septembre, 52 personnes du village en périrent.
Une police municipale à caractère intercommunal a été créée en octobre 2002 , il s'agit de la première du genre en France. Le centre opérationnel se situe à Louvres, mais un découpage en trois secteurs a été mis en place afin de renforcer la proximité avec les habitants. L'effectif était composé de 43 agents au 1er octobre 2006 , et couvre treize communes sur les quatorze de la communauté (excepté Fosses).
Des manifestations reprennent malgré la proclamation du maire. Les cavaliers sont accueillis par des jets de pierre dans l'Est. Dans la semaine du 26 septembre au 2 octobre, la variole cause 400 décès. C'est la panique. Honoré Beaugrand, approuvé par la presse anglophone, accepte d'imposer l'isolement des malades et la vaccination. La police doit accompagner chaque médecin vaccinateur. Le maire franc-maçon et anticlérical est contraint de solliciter l'appui de l'Évêché. Mgr Fabre accepte de faire lire au prône une note engageant les fidèles à se laisser vacciner et une circulaire du Bureau de santé expliquant le caractère inoffensif de la piqûre. Pour donner l'exemple, il se fait vacciner deux fois. Montréal est mis en quarantaine: les commerces ferment, les théâtres sont déserts, les rues vides.
Il est nommé le 18 janvier 1802, conservateur du nouveau musée du Luxembourg, galerie d'art du Sénat. Il y a travaillé avec l'aide de son frère, François Naigeon. Il a fait revenir au palais du Luxembourg les tableaux de la galerie Médicis de Rubens, la série des Ports de France d'Horace Vernet et la série de tableaux d'Eustache Le Sueur représentant la vie de saint Bruno. Il y a ajouté des œuvres de Philippe de Champaigne, de Raphaël, Rembrandt et Titien. C'était donc une galerie des maîtres anciens. Elle est transférée au musée du Louvre en 1815 pour compenser les pertes dues aux reprises des troupes alliées après Waterloo.
En outre, TAG Heuer propose aussi quelques modèles uniques, disponibles en un nombre de déclinaisons limitées voir en séries strictement limitées :
Au niveau international, elle s’est illustrée comme finaliste des championnats du monde juniors en 2009 au 4 × 100 m, comme finaliste lors des championnats d’Europe juniors 4 × 100 m en 2009 et, plus récemment, en prenant part aux Jeux olympiques de 2012 à Londres pour le 4 × 100 m et aux championnats du monde de 2013 à Moscou.
Arrivé dans l'île en avril, Michel Debré est élu député de la première circonscription de La Réunion le 5 mai 1963 avec 80,75 % des suffrages, malgré l'opposition que suscite localement la mesure frappant les fonctionnaires d'outre-mer qu'il a prise en 1960 : l'ordonnance Debré. Cette victoire très nette ouvre la « double vie » électorale de Michel Debré, qui cumule mandats locaux à Amboise (maire et conseiller général) et mandat parlementaire obtenu à La Réunion. Soutenu par les socialistes que l'autonomie rebute, il devient immédiatement le leader de la droite réunionnaise. Cet état de fait ne sera contesté par Pierre Lagourgue que durant la décennie suivante, bien que Michel Debré soit élu au conseil régional de La Réunion pendant cette période.
La tumeur de Wilms a un potentiel malin local et général. Elle se présente le plus souvent comme une masse intra-abdominale chez un enfant bien portant. Des douleurs abdominales, de la fièvre, une hématurie ou une anémie ne se rencontrent que dans un tiers des cas.
époque contemporaine : propriété des enfants des précédents, Pierre-Georges-Émile de Parseval (1907 - 1989), la comtesse de Hennezel d'Ormois et la baronne de Sancy de Rolland
Avec Maxim Biller, Rafael Seligmann, Esther Dischereit, Irina Liebmann, Robert Schindel, Peter Stéphane Jungk et d’autres auteurs elle fait partie de la « deuxième génération » d’écrivains germanophones appartenant à des familles juives qui ont survécu à l'holocauste.
Une importante épidémie de variole touche Montréal à l'hiver 1885. La question est fort préoccupante, compte tenu du climat survolté par l'affaire Riel et du fait que des journaux anglophones réclament des mesures coercitives comme l'isolement des malades et la vaccination obligatoire. On ne se gênant pas au passage pour traiter les Canadiens français d'arriérés et de malpropres.
Le territoire de la commune possède deux pistes cyclables, l'une aménagée dans la zone récréative boisée de la « Vallée verte », entre le village et Vaudherland, l'autre le long de la RD 902 vers Gonesse.
Notices d'autorité : Fichier d’autorité international virtuel • International Standard Name Identifier • Bibliothèque nationale de France (données) • Bibliothèque du Congrès • Gemeinsame Normdatei • WorldCat
Elle est élue présidente de la Renaissance féminine en 1934 et elle le demeure durant 35 ans. La même année, elle est également élue à la tête de la Société des gens de lettres. Durant cette période, elle publie plusieurs articles et traductions dans la presse libanaise de langue française, notamment la revue Phénicia. Elle fait également des voyages de recherche en vue de répertorier les costumes traditionnels arabes.
L'exemple de Noël Godin fait des émules dans de nombreux pays avec la création d'une anti-organisation appelée l'Internationale pâtissière dont Le Gloupier se déclare le porte-parole.
En 1880, Edouard Heuer est le premier à fabriquer des chronographes en série. Très vite, Heuer se fait un nom dans la compétition sportive de haut niveau et pose les jalons de sa philosophie: un savoir-faire technique mis au service de la performance sportive, avec une volonté de repousser toujours plus loin les limites de la mesure du temps. Avec à la clé, de multiples brevets et innovations qui feront date dans l'histoire de l'horlogerie, comme le premier boitier étanche en 1895.
Le SBS fera à Rome un miracle : la création de l'Antichrist à partir d'une statue en pierre d'une femme. Il s'appellera Armilus. Il viendra provoquer le messie fils de Joseph en lui demandant de lui donner sa Torah et de le reconnaître comme Dieu. Une grande guerre s'ensuivra, où périra le messie fils de Joseph. Le reste d'Israël se réfugiera dans le désert de Juda quarante-cinq jours (d'après Dn. 12, 11-12). Armilus ira défaire l'Égypte et monter ensuite à Jérusalem pour la détruire une deuxième fois.
La date et le déroulement des faits demeurent incertains car ils se placent durant la période pour laquelle les livres de l'annaliste romain Tite-Live ont été perdus. Les textes qui nous sont parvenus se rapportant à la campagne romaine contre les Sénons peuvent être classés en trois catégories. D'abord, il y a le récit de Polybe, historien grec, seul auteur qui mentionne explicitement la bataille d'Arretium, mais ce dernier n'apporte pas beaucoup de détails et replace la bataille dans un contexte plus général. Son récit repose très probablement sur celui de Fabius Pictor,. On trouve ensuite des sources qui dérivent vraisemblablement d'une tradition annalistique plus tardive, datant de l'époque syllanienne et dont Tite-Live, Eutrope et Florus ainsi qu'Augustin et Orose sont tributaires,. Enfin, on dispose de textes d'Appien et de Denys d'Halicarnasse qui abordent ces mêmes évènements apportant des détails inédits mais qui ne font pas de référence explicite à la bataille d'Arretium ni au général romain Metellus. Appien semble faire une synthèse des deux traditions précédentes mais son récit demeure confus et difficile à interpréter. Tous ces récits antiques divergent sur certains points, notamment le statut de Lucius Caecilius Metellus Denter et l'intervention de Manius Curius Dentatus, et ne permettent pas de reconstituer le déroulement précis des faits.
Rančířov (en allemand : Ranzern) est une commune est une commune du district de Jihlava, dans la région de Vysočina, en République tchèque. Sa population s'élevait à 405 habitants en 2017.
Culture de masse et Culture médiatique en Europe et dans les Amériques (1860-1940), Paris : PUF, 2006 (codir. avec Jean-François Sirinelli et François Vallotton)
Smale conjectura que pour une variété M lisse, orientable, compacte et sans bord, π0Diff+(M) est un groupe simple. Michaël Herman démontra le cas particulier d'un produit de cercles et Thurston le cas général.
Le NASA Astrobiology Institute (NAI, Institut d'astrobiologie de la NASA) a été fondé en 1998 par la NASA pour développer le domaine de l'astrobiologie et donner un cadre scientifique aux missions spatiales. Le NAI est une organisation virtuelle, en ce sens qu'elle existe à travers des équipes de recherche (Teams) situés dans des institutions académiques, des laboratoires de recherche et des centres de la NASA. Ces équipes, provenant de partout aux États-Unis, font l'objet d'une sélection très stricte. Le NAI subventionne ainsi la recherche et la formation en astrobiologie de plus de 700 scientifiques et éducateurs.
L’un des corollaires au professionnalisme est l’augmentation considérable du nombre de joueurs étrangers évoluant dans les clubs professionnels français. Certains critiques égratignent ce qu’ils voient comme une dérive des clubs, visant à assurer une rentabilité à court terme avec des joueurs directement utilisables et souvent moins chers, au détriment de la formation de jeunes joueurs français, et donc de l’Équipe de France, notamment à certains postes (piliers, demis d’ouverture, arrières).
Pour justifier la départementalisation de l'île survenue en 1946 et préserver ses habitants de la tentation indépendantiste, il met en œuvre une politique de développement axée sur la gestion de l'urgence démographique et de la misère qu'elle engendre dans laquelle les observateurs ont reconnu l'attention accordée par son père Robert aux questions sociales. Il fait ouvrir dans l'île le premier centre d'orientation familiale. Il procède par ailleurs à la création de nombreuses cantines scolaires où il fait distribuer gratuitement du lait en poudre aux enfants, le lait Debré. Il lutte personnellement pour obtenir de Paris la création d'un second lycée dans le sud de l'île, au Tampon : il n'y en alors qu'un seul à Saint-Denis pour plusieurs centaines de milliers d'habitants, le lycée Leconte-de-Lisle. Il développe également le Service militaire adapté créé par Pierre Messmer.
Il plaide ensuite dans plusieurs grands procès, notamment politiques, comme l'Affaire Ben Barka : il y défend Ahmed Dlimi, directeur adjoint de la Sûreté marocaine, accusé d'avoir participé à l'organisation de l'enlèvement de Ben Barka. Il participe à des procès criminels comme celui de Lucien Léger, qu'il défend en 1966, ou celui du truand Marcel Francisci. Enfin, il s'investit dans des affaires de mœurs, comme celle impliquant Gabrielle Russier. Il sera d'ailleurs, par la suite, coscénariste de Mourir d'aimer (film, 1971), le film inspiré de cette affaire. Ces procès ne doivent pas faire oublier que Me Naud était d'abord un « civiliste à 90 % », selon ses propres dires.
La saison suivante marque la fin de la domination des trois équipes des années 2000. Le championnat 2008-2009 est ainsi remporté par l'USA Perpignan, dominant l'ASM Clermont (22-13), qui perd là une dixième finale en autant de jouées, et la troisième consécutive. Le 29 mai 2010, l'ASM Clermont Auvergne remporte enfin son premier titre de champion de France à l'issue du championnat 2009-2010 en battant l'USA Perpignan (19-6), pour une revanche de la finale de l'édition précédente.
Depuis janvier 2015, l'investigatrice principale (principal investigator) de la branche de l'Institut SETI est la franco-américaine Nathalie Cabrol.
Passionné de chasse et très sociable avec ses congénères, il est déconseillé de le faire vivre en ville. Le chien d'Artois ne supporte pas d’être attaché.
Le recrutement est l'ensemble des actions mises en œuvre pour trouver un candidat correspondant aux besoins et compétences requises à un poste de travail donné, dans une organisation donnée.
Le championnat 1997-1998 est disputé par vingt équipes réparties en deux poules de dix. Les quatre premiers de chaque poule disputent des quarts de finale par matchs aller - retour, puis chaque demi-finale se joue sur un seul match. Devant les critiques des présidents de clubs exclus de l’élite, le nombre de participants remonte à 24 (trois poules de huit) en 1998-99. Seize clubs sont retenus pour la phase suivante qui comprend quatre poules de quatre clubs, les huit meilleurs étant qualifiés pour disputer des quarts de finale.
Notices d'autorité : Fichier d’autorité international virtuel • International Standard Name Identifier • Système universitaire de documentation
La formule du championnat a été plusieurs fois modifiée au cours de son histoire. Avec l'introduction du professionnalisme en 1995, le nombre de clubs de la division d'élite a diminué notablement, passant de 24 à 16 puis à 14 clubs en 2005. Il s'est ainsi successivement appelé Top 16, Top 14, Rugby Top 14 Orange à la suite d'un partenariat de la ligue avec un opérateur de téléphonie en 2008,, puis à nouveau Top 14.
L'Orangerie propose divers ateliers artistiques (danse, théâtre, enseignement des arts plastiques) ainsi qu'une programmation artistique variée tout au long de l'année (expositions, chorales, pièces de théâtre…). En 2007, Enrico Macias, Axelle Red ou encore Georges Moustaki y ont chanté, des humoristes comme Anthony Kavanagh s'y sont représentés et un festival du film japonais s'y est déroulé.
Les grands logements sont très majoritaires : la plupart des habitations possèdent quatre pièces et plus (52,7 %), puis trois pièces (22,3 %), mais seulement 14,2 % possèdent deux pièces et 10,8 % une pièce. Néanmoins les logements de petites surfaces (une pièce) ont augmenté de 108 % depuis 1990,.
À l'initiative des intercommunalités concernées, la Commission départementale de coopération intercommunale (CDCI) adopte le 26 février 2016 un amendement à ce projet, proposant la fusion de :
Brian Malkinson (né en 1985) est un homme politique canadien, il est élu à l'Assemblée législative de l'Alberta lors de l'élection provinciale de 2015. Il représente la circonscription de Calgary-Currie en tant qu'un membre du Nouveau Parti démocratique de l'Alberta.
Premier ministre, il a été soupçonné d'avoir constitué un « cabinet noir » à Matignon chargé de fournir au gouvernement gaulliste des armes contre ses opposants.
Le groupe des difféomorphismes d'une variété M de classe Ck est le groupe des Ck-difféomorphismes de M dans M. On le note Diff k(M), ou Diff(M) quand k est implicite. Il est « gros », au sens où il n'est pas localement compact (sauf si M est de dimension 0).
À leur grand étonnement, les habitants du village se sont vite rendu compte qu'une vie est possible avec ce nouveau voisin. Beaucoup d'entre eux attendent ces jours-là avec fébrilité. Des conditions de vie plus bruyantes sont pour beaucoup synonymes d'un déménagement définitif. Cette heureuse constatation faite, il faut redonner l'espoir, relancer le dynamisme de la population. Cette année-là, personne n'imagine encore que le nom de ce village allait être prononcé par des gens de toutes nationalités, de tous les continents, destination : Roissy Charles de Gaulle. En 1976, un an et demi après l'inauguration de l'aéroport, le premier hôtel ouvre ses portes au no 1 de la nouvelle allée du Verger. Une nouvelle ère économique nait. De nouvelles possibilités s'ouvrent, mais avec de nombreuses difficultés à contourner.
La municipalité d'alors tenta vainement de lutter contre la création de cet aéroport, qui apportait déjà dès le début des travaux son lot de nuisances, avec l'arrivée des engins de chantier et les importantes dégradations engendrées aux rues du village (camions, boue, canalisations détruites…). Les agriculteurs quant à eux protestèrent au début, mais comprenant rapidement que l'édification de l'aéroport était inéluctable, négocièrent les meilleurs dédommagements financiers possibles afin de se reconvertir sur place ou de racheter des terres agricoles ailleurs.
La première mention écrite du village date de 1305. Sa création est liée à l'extraction de minerai d'argent dans la région. Les vestiges de l'exploitation minière sont encore visibles.
En 2004, l’entreprise devient le chronométreur officiel de l’Indy Racing League (IRL) et de l'Indianapolis 500. La même année, TAG Heuer lance à la Foire horlogère de Bâle une « concept watch » : la Monaco V4. Inspirée de l’héritage de la marque dans la course automobile (son nom est tiré des quatre barillets du mouvement reliés par un pont en forme de V, rappelant les cylindres d’un moteur de voiture de course), la Monaco V4 utilise une masse linéaire, des roulements à billes, et son mécanisme est entraîné par des courroies. Elle reçoit un « Red Dot Design Award » en 2005[réf. nécessaire].
L'ère contemporaine a ménagé peu de place pour cette race de chien courant spécialisée dans la chasse en grande meute, au profit de croisements plus récents. Les effectifs de ces chiens ont décliné dangereusement durant la première partie du XXe siècle. Le chien d'Artois semblait même en voie de disparaître, après la Seconde Guerre mondiale. Dans les années 1970, les efforts conjugués de MMe Pilat et de M. Audrechy de Buigny-lès-Gamaches dans la Somme ont permis de sauver la race de l'extinction.
La commune fait partie d'un regroupement pédagogique intercommunal (RPI) avec Fortel-en-Artois, Villers-l'Hôpital, Buire-au-Bois, Rougefay, Vacquerie-le-Boucq, permettant la scolarisation dans le primaire de près de 220 enfants dans les années 2000/2010.
La marque reste étroitement liée au sport automobile (partenaire de l'écurie de Formule 1 McLaren de 1985 à 2015 entre autres), et à la maîtrise des temps infiniment petits (en 2006, lors de la Race of Champions, TAG Heuer mesure le plus petit écart de l'histoire du sport mondial : 2/10 000e de seconde en demi-finale). Mais son univers de communication s'étend bien au-delà. Des ambassadeurs et partenariats divers dans le sport (football avec Cristiano Ronaldo, tennis avec Maria Sharapova, les plus grands marathons), dans la musique électronique avec David Guetta, développant un style de vie (lifestyle) avec Cara Delevingne comme égérie. Son patrimoine, ses racines suisses sont aussi un élément fort de sa communication.
La présence intralobulaire de tissu embryonnaire est associée avec deux maladies génétiques par mutation du gène WT1 le syndrome WAGR et le syndrome de Denys-Drash.
Depuis 2016, Stéphanie Thazar est remplacé Missty, Lionel Florence rejoint également le jurys toujours composé de Pascal Montrouge, Nicole Dambreville et Prof. Jah PinPin
En dimensions supérieures, on sait peu de choses. Par exemple, on ne sait pas si Diff(S4) a plus de deux composantes ; mais d'après les travaux de Milnor, Kahn et Antonelli, pour n supérieur ou égal à 7, Diff(Sn) n'a pas le type d'homotopie d'un CW-complexe fini.
Entartons, entartons les pompeux cornichons !, Flammarion, 2005 (Récit de ses trente ans de guérilla pâtissière, avec les éclairages des tartologues Jean-Pierre Bouyxou et Robert Dehoux).
Stegersbach est une commune autrichienne du district de Güssing dans le Burgenland. Le nom hongrois de la commune est Szentelek, le nom croate Santalek, le nom romani Schtega.
Il est vice-président de l'Association pour le développement de l’histoire culturelle et de la Société des études romantiques et dix-neuviémistes.
La troisième guerre samnite s'achève en 290 av. J.-C. par la soumission des Samnites qui demandent la paix et le renouvellement pour la quatrième fois du traité de 354 av. J.-C. Durant cette guerre, les Romains ont dû faire face à de nouvelles coalitions formées par ses voisins territoriaux qui craignent l'annexion. Ainsi les Samnites ont bénéficié du soutien des Étrusques et des Ombriens ainsi que des mercenaires Gaulois, principalement Sénons et Boïens, payés avec l'or étrusque. Les Romains n'ont pas pu soumettre les Étrusques et les Gaulois à l'issue de la guerre et auraient fondé la colonie de Sena Gallica en territoire gaulois (Ager gallicus) entre 290 et 289 av. J.-C. comme tête de pont afin d'y consolider leurs positions. Les cités étrusques de Vulci et Volsinii prennent la tête de la résistance contre Rome et exploitent le ressentiment gaulois provoqué par la fondation de la colonie. Quelques années plus tard, entre 285 et 284 av. J.-C., elles concluent une nouvelle alliance avec les Boïens et les Sénons, ces derniers acceptant d'être à nouveau enrôlés comme mercenaires pour le compte des Étrusques.
Notices d'autorité : Fichier d’autorité international virtuel • International Standard Name Identifier • Bibliothèque nationale de France (données) • Système universitaire de documentation
Le 15 novembre 1979 , un comité de jumelage fut créé, il se prononça pour le choix de la ville de Hamm (Sieg) (Rhénanie-Palatinat) en mars 1980. Le jumelage a été le théâtre de fêtes grandioses avec une participation exemplaire de la population. Pour promouvoir l'amitié entre ces deux villes, les premières flammes philatéliques du village ont été réalisées en 1984 et 1991, ainsi qu'un cachet à date pour le dixième anniversaire en 1992.
« Femmes du Caire est un beau film de cinéma. (...) Yousry Nasrallah joue délibérément avec les codes de la fiction populaire sans renoncer à la vigueur de son expression de cinéaste. »
Noël Godin essaie à deux reprises d'entarter Patrick Poivre d’Arvor avant de réussir le 3 avril 1996. Godin reçoit l'information que Poivre d'Arvor se trouve à Neuilly et qu'il fait toujours son jogging matinal. Quelques jours plus tard, alors que Godin et deux complices attendent depuis plusieurs heures au froid dans une fourgonnette, ils voient arriver Poivre d'Arvor qui fait son jogging. Les deux complices réussissent à l'entarter en s'exclamant : « Entartons, entartons le pire des faux jetons ! ». Godin ne réussira pas à envoyer sa tarte car Poivre d'Arvor courait trop vite.
Maurice Gabriel de Riquet de Caraman (1765-1835), militaire et homme politique français, deuxième fils de Victor Maurice de Riquet de Caraman et de Marie-Anne Gabrielle d'Alsace de Hénin Liétard, est né au château des Caramans.
L’avènement du professionnalisme dans le rugby à XV dans l’hémisphère sud et en Angleterre en 1995 atteignit rapidement la France. En janvier 1996, l’Union des Clubs est fondée pour défendre les intérêts des quarante clubs de première division (Groupes A et B puis A1 et A2). La Fédération française crée alors la Commission nationale de rugby d’élite (CNRE), chargée de la gestion administrative des clubs de l’élite. Elle préfigure la création d’une ligue professionnelle qui voit le jour en juillet 1998 sous le nom de Ligue nationale de rugby (LNR). Elle regroupe alors seize clubs devenus « sociétés anonymes à objet sportif » (SAOS). Au lancement de la saison 2013-2014 en août 2013, il existe trente clubs professionnels en France.
Le travail est une combinaison de deux projets traitant de la notion de vie nue (bare life), en référence à Giorgio Agamben, dans les zones frontalières entre Israël et le Liban d'une part, et Israël et la Syrie d'autre part. Land without Earth a pour sujet le transfert de terre arable d'une zone dans le Sud-Liban sous contrôle des Forces de défense israéliennes vers le nord d'Israël entre 1995 et 1998. Alors qu'elle réalise un film documentaire sur ce thème, Ilana Salama Ortar rencontre un jeune homme druze ayant perdu une moitié de son corps dans l'explosion d'une mine terrestre, alors qu'il avait quatorze ans. Le film Mémoire des Corps couvre deux périodes: la première est un voyage dans le passé de ce jeune homme au travers de flashbacks et souvenirs d'enfance; la seconde relate ses progrès au quotidien. Les deux zones frontalières décrites dans ces travaux ont été ou sont encore sous contrôle israélien et en situation de guerre. Elles connaissent de manière permanente un état d'urgence, ou état d'exception.
En 1902, les habitants du village adressèrent une pétition à la Compagnie des chemins de fer du Nord, à propos du projet de ligne d'Aulnay à Verberie et Rivecourt (Oise) : la ligne telle qu'elle était tracée n'avait aucune utilité pour le village, passant aux confins des territoires de Roissy et Tremblay. La pétition n'eut d'aucun effet et les travaux commencèrent en 1912, mais la Première Guerre mondiale les interrompit et ils ne furent pas repris. La commune fut raccordée au gaz de ville en 1910, ce qui permit l'éclairage au gaz des rues. En 1911, la municipalité dut affronter la grève des ouvriers agricoles : elle fit appel à la gendarmerie. En 1910 et 1911, la distillerie de monsieur Carbonnaux fut édifiée : la main-d'œuvre exclusivement belge transformait les betteraves sucrières en alcool à plus de 90°. À partir de 1914, la production alimenta la poudrerie nationale de Sevran-Livry.
En 1900 déjà, il existe une bibliothèque au sein de l'école primaire. En 1901, M. Leblond crée des animations culturelles structurées avec la fondation de la société de musique « l'Amicale ». Après la Seconde Guerre mondiale, un prêtre, l'abbé Nogaret, entreprend au sein du patronage un véritable programme culturel. Théâtre, chant et musique (la Fraternelle) sont les plus beaux fleurons de la culture du village de l'entre deux guerres.
1992-1996 : In the Wild (trois épisodes : Orangutans with Julia Roberts, The Galapagos Islands with Richard Dreyfuss et In the Wild Dolphins with Robin Williams)
La commune possède également un office de tourisme, Roissy clé de France, participant à la promotion touristique du village et du département du Val-d'Oise.
En juin 2015, le terme « yarn-bombing » a fait son entrée dans l'English Oxford Dictionary avec la définition suivante : « the action or practice of covering or decorating public objects or monuments with colourful knitted or crocheted items and motifs, as a form of street art. ; an instance of this. Also : street art consisting of objects civered or decorated this way. »
Selon les auteurs antiques se reposant sur la tradition la plus tardive, les Romains auraient envoyé aux Gaulois des émissaires pour les dissuader d'entrer en guerre (ad exorandos Gallos). Les négociations se seraient prolongées durant toute la saison de campagne de 284 av. J.-C., jusqu'à l'hiver. Ces ambassadeurs auraient finalement été exécutés par les Gaulois Sénons, poussant les Romains à organiser une expédition punitive menée par le praetor in absentia Lucius Caecilius qui aurait vu son commandement prorogé,. Le meurtre des legati romains constituerait le casus belli mais cette version semble peu cohérente. En effet, Lucius Caecilius étant déjà sur place, ce n'est pas cette raison qui a déclenché l'expédition. De plus, elle doublonne la version de Polybe qui place l'exécution des legati envoyés par Manius Curius Dentatus après la mort de Lucius Caecilius.
En 1859, il devient pensionnaire au collège de Joliette. Le biographe d'Honoré Beaugrand Jean-Philippe Warren précise qu’il y « fait une année de préparation (1859-1860), passe ensuite en éléments français (1860-1861), termine sa syntaxe française (1861-1862) et fait la première année du cours commercial en classe des belles-lettres (1862-1863) ».
Quelques jours après le référendum du 8 avril 1962 approuvant les accords d'Évian, le général de Gaulle le remplace par Georges Pompidou. Lors de son passage à Matignon, l'investissement a augmenté d'environ 10 % par an, la production industrielle de 6 %, la dette intérieure et extérieure a diminué, etc.
1828 : le domaine entre dans la famille Parseval, à la suite du mariage entre Félicité-Berthille Benon de Vosgines (1802 - 1853) et Jules-Alexandre de Parseval-Grandmaison (1795 - 1876), fils du poète François-Auguste de Parseval-Grandmaison et neveu du mathématicien Marc-Antoine Parseval
Depuis 2001, TAG Heuer est parmi les leaders des montres sportives de prestige correspondant à la quatrième place sur le marché mondial des montres de luxe ainsi qu’à la première pour les chronographes haut de gamme, le chronographe mécanique étant l’une des plus grandes complications horlogères. TAG Heuer est présent dans plus de 120 pays et exerce un contrôle strict de son réseau de distribution international. La marque contrôle directement près de 85 % de ses ventes mondiales.
La Chasse-galerie et autres récits, Montréal, Presses de l’Université de Montréal, collection « Bibliothèque du nouveau monde », 1989, 362 p. — Édition critique par François Ricard. (en ligne)
Sigeberht trouve au nord un puissant « ami » (amicus) et allié en la personne d'Oswiu de Bernicie, qui règne de 642 à 670. Bède affirme que Sigeberht se rend fréquemment à la cour de Bernicie, et l'influence d'Oswiu sur les décisions de Sigeberht suggère que le roi bernicien est beaucoup plus puissant que son homologue. Pour Oswiu, cette alliance permet peut-être une résistance plus efficace contre le roi Penda de Mercie, comme le laisse à penser son alliance avec le fils de Penda, Peada, roi des Angles du Milieu.
par des méthodes reposant sur la simulation de situation professionnelle où l'objectif n'est pas d'évaluer les compétences sur la base d'un CV ou d'un entretien, mais en testant les aptitudes d'une personne agissant dans le cadre d'une situation professionnelle reconstituée. (Méthode développée par l'ex-ANPE, et dont l'emploi se généralise en France depuis 2005).
Née en 1982 sous le nom « 2000 », l'Aquaracer est l’une des TAG Heuer les plus vendues dans le monde. Le président américain Barack Obama en porte parfois une. Elle a été redessinée régulièrement depuis. Certains modèles sont étanches jusqu'à la profondeur de 500 mètres et dotés d’une valve à hélium automatique. Elle existe en quartz et en mécanique. Nouvelle lunette dodécagonale en 2015 pour un design ultra-contemporain.
Un gène situé sur le chromosome X, FAM123B (en) ou WTX, est inactivé chez 30 % des cas de tumeur de Wilms. Cependant dans la plupart des cas aucune mutation n'est retrouvée sur l'un de ces gènes.
Evariste Gherardi, successeur de Dominique Biancolelli dans le rôle d'Arlequin dit : « Qui dit bon comédien italien dit un homme qui a du fond, qui joue plus d'imagination que de mémoire, qui compose en jouant tout ce qu'il dit, qui sait seconder celui avec qui il se trouve sur le théâtre, c'est-à-dire qui marie si bien ses actions et ses paroles à celles de son camarade, qu'il sait entrer sur le champ dans tout le jeu et dans tous les mouvements que l'autre lui demande. ».
Adam Young né le 5 juillet 1986, à Ottumwa dans l'Iowa est un chanteur et musicien américain. Il a écrit et composé de nombreux projets musicaux mais c'est la chanson Fireflies issu du projet Owl City qu'il l'a révélé au grand public fin 2009. Fireflies a en effet atteint le numéro un au classement musical dans 26 pays différents. Adam Young a produit six albums et un EP sous le projet Owl City, tous signés chez Universal Republic.
Robert Aubéry fut conseiller au Grand Conseil (1600), au Parlement de Paris (1602), maître des requêtes (1609), président au Grand Conseil (1612), intendant de justice en Bourbonnais et en Haute et Basse Auvergne (1616), président à la Chambre des comptes (1619), conseiller d’État (1629).
Le Sillon de Bretagne est une réalisation de la Société Anonyme d'HLM le Home Atlantique qui a pris le relais de la société coopérative Le Toit Coopératif.
Notices d'autorité : Fichier d’autorité international virtuel • International Standard Name Identifier • Bibliothèque nationale de France (données) • Bibliothèque du Congrès • Id RKDartists • WorldCat
Le championnat 1995-1996 voit le passage au professionnalisme. Le rugby devient alors un métier pour environ 600 joueurs qui signent un contrat professionnel avec leurs clubs, et c'est le début de la réduction du nombre de clubs évoluant dans l'élite. Le bon niveau du championnat de France, ainsi resserré, est démontré par les premières victoires du Stade toulousain et du CA Brive en Coupe d'Europe, respectivement en 1996 et 1997. La création de la Coupe d'Europe augmente toutefois le nombre de matchs que doivent disputer les clubs. Le championnat de France débute ainsi dès le mois d'août et se termine par la finale qui a lieu en général début juin.
Robert Folliet, Daniel Druen et Georges Bron, fusillés par les Allemands en 1944 à l'âge de 22 ans et titulaires de la médaille de la résistance à titre posthume.
Si les GRH ne trouvent pas la personne qui leur convient immédiatement, une offre de poste interne sera portée à la connaissance des employés, soit dans le bulletin de l'organisation, en ayant recours au site intranet de l'entreprise, personnellement ou même par le processus de bouche-à-oreille.
Mobilisé en 1939 comme officier de cavalerie, il est fait prisonnier à Artenay en juin 1940, mais parvient à s'évader en septembre suivant. Il rentre alors au Conseil d'État et se montre favorable au général Maxime Weygand. D'avril à octobre 1941, il est directeur de cabinet d'Emmanuel Monick, secrétaire général du Protectorat français du Maroc, qui prépare déjà l'opération Torch. Michel Debré retourne de nouveau au Conseil, prête serment au maréchal Philippe Pétain, et est nommé maître des requêtes au Conseil d'État par Joseph Barthélemy en 1942.
En juin 1940, les Roisséens endurèrent un nouvel exode. Après huit jours de route, ceux qui allèrent le plus loin ne dépassèrent pas Montargis. Rattrapés, voire dépassés par les convois de l’armée allemande qui se déplaçaient plus vite qu'eux, ils prirent la sage décision de revenir au village.
Puerto Tirol est une ville de la province du Chaco, en Argentine, et le chef-lieu du département de Libertad. Elle se trouve au bord du Rio Negro, à 14 km au nord-ouest de Resistencia. Sa population s'élevait à 9 763 habitants en 2001.
À ces éléments s'adjoint un système de raccordement à la tuyauterie (interface de la vanne avec la tuyauterie amont et aval). Il peut être :
Planification et stratégie d’aménagement(suivi des procédures supra communautaires,ZI et ZA, outils de gestion foncière et d’aménagement, d’observation et d’analyse du territoire, équipements du territoire...)
Noël Godin, surnommé Georges Le Gloupier — en référence à un personnage imaginaire et multiface créé par Jean-Pierre Bouyxou — ou l'Entarteur, né à Liège le 13 septembre 1945, est un agitateur anarcho-humoristique belge.
Le territoire de la commune est traversé en son centre par l'autoroute du Nord et contourné au nord par la Francilienne. Elle est tangente à l'ouest à la route nationale 17. Par ailleurs, de nombreuses voies ont été tracées pour assurer le trafic de fret ou spécifique à l'aéroport : au sud, le village est contourné par la D 902A qui relie la zone d'activité Paris-Nord II à la RD 317 ; au nord, à proximité du village, la route de l'Arpenteur dessert la zone d'entretien ; à l'est, les nombreuses bretelles d'accès de l'A1 mènent à l'aéroport.
La Link,, est dessinée pour la première fois en 1987 et nommée à l’époque S/el comme « Sport/Elegance ». En 2010 TAG Heuer propose une extension de cette collection avec le lancement de la Link GMT dotée d’une lunette magnétique calculant le deuxième fuseau horaire, ainsi qu'un modèle féminin.
Notices d'autorité : Fichier d’autorité international virtuel • International Standard Name Identifier • Bibliothèque nationale de France (données) • Système universitaire de documentation • Bibliothèque du Congrès • Gemeinsame Normdatei • Bibliothèque nationale de la Diète • Bibliothèque nationale d’Espagne • Bibliothèque royale des Pays-Bas • Bibliothèque universitaire de Pologne • Bibliothèque nationale de Catalogne • Bibliothèque nationale de Suède • WorldCat
Il conserve son poste à la chute de Napoléon 1er et l'arrivée de Louis XVIII. Cependant le musée va changer d'objectif. Le Musée royal du Luxembourg va devenir le musée des artistes vivants. Cette idée semble avoir été proposée de Louis-Antoine Lavallée ou Athanase Lavallée, secrétaire général du musée Napoléon, et suggérée par le comte de Forbin dans une lettre du 23 novembre 1815 au comte de Pradel (1779-1857), directeur général du ministère de la Maison du roi.
En 1933, la maison lance l'Autavia (une contraction d'« AUTomobile » et d'« AVIAtion »), le premier compteur de bord pour voitures et avions. Il est en général couplé à une montre Hervue sur une plaque en chrome et monté sur le tableau de bord.
Le championnat de France de rugby à XV, dénommé Top 14 depuis 2005, est une compétition annuelle mettant aux prises les meilleurs clubs professionnels de rugby à XV en France. Créé en 1892 sous l'égide de la fédération omnisports USFSA, il est alors organisé par un comité chargé du rugby, avant d'être pris en charge à partir de l'édition 1921 par la toute jeune Fédération française de rugby. Depuis 1998, c'est la Ligue nationale de rugby qui l'organise.
Le premier directeur de l'Institut (1999-2002) est le récipiendaire du Prix Nobel de physiologie ou médecine de 1976, Baruch Samuel Blumberg.
En 1965, le Préfet accorde l'autorisation à la société d'HLM « Home Atlantique » d'effectuer une acquisition de 12,5 hectares de terrains. En 1967, est présenté le premier projet architectural d'un ensemble d'immeubles, conçu des militants associatifs de l’ANAC qui travaillent sur le cadre de vie et l’aménagement urbain.
Le groupe des difféomorphismes, muni de sa topologie faible, est localement homéomorphe à l'espace des champs de vecteurs de classe Ck, via les applications exponentielles pour des métriques riemanniennes locales arbitraires. Si k est fini et si M est compacte, cet espace des champs de vecteurs est de Banach et le groupe des difféomorphismes est une variété de Banach. Si k = ∞ ou si la variété est seulement σ-compacte, l'espace des champs de vecteurs et le groupe des difféomorphismes sont seulement de Fréchet.
Laurent Robert est un footballeur français né le 21 mai 1975 à Saint-Benoît à La Réunion. Il compte neuf sélections pour un but marqué en équipe de France et a remporté avec les Bleus la Coupe des confédérations 2001.
Trois rois vont se lever contre le Saint béni soit-il (SBS), et prendront des décisions contre lui, la Torah et le temple. Ils règneront pendant neuf mois.
La population de la commune est jeune : les 62 habitants qui avaient 75 ans ou plus en 1999 ne représentaient que 2,6 % des habitants alors que cette proportion atteignait 4,5 % dans le département du Val-d'Oise, pourtant déjà parmi les plus jeunes de France. Les 712 jeunes de moins de 20 ans représentaient 30,1 % de la population (29,1 % dans le Val-d'Oise).
Ayant obtenu sa licence en droit, il devient avocat et s'inscrit au barreau de Paris en 1933, et plaide notamment pour des procès d'assises. Ce militant national plaide en faveur d'un déserteur de la Première Guerre mondiale en 1933. Premier secrétaire de la Conférence des avocats du barreau de Paris en 1934-1935, il plaide en 1937 en correctionnelle pour Kerillis et pour le colonel François de La Rocque.
Le SBS changera le soleil en ténèbres pendant 30 jours (en application de la prophétie de Joël 2, 31: « Le soleil se changera en ténèbres, la lune en sang. »).
À la demande de Sigeberht, Oswiu envoie des missionnaires évangéliser les Saxons de l'Est. La mission est dirigée par Cedd, récemment rappelé de son œuvre de conversion auprès des Angles du Milieu, et trois compagnons prêtres. Leurs efforts sont si fructueux que lorsque Cedd se rend auprès de Finan à Lindisfarne, il est sacré « évêque d'Essex ». Cedd fonde des communautés à Tilaburg (probablement East Tilbury) et Ithancester (très vraisemblablement Bradwell-on-Sea). Ces activités accroissent l'autorité de l'église de Lindisfarne vers le sud, ce qu'il faut peut-être considérer comme « une sorte de colonisation opportuniste de la région par la Bernicie ».
Le 30 juillet 2011, les Brewers échangent Komatsu aux Nationals de Washington en retour du joueur d'utilité Jerry Hairston. Sans avoir joué pour Washington, il passe ensuite aux Cardinals de Saint-Louis via le repêchage de règle 5 le 8 décembre 2011.
Mis en place pour l'ouverture de la ligne Shinkansen Hokuriku (appelée alors ligne Shinkansen Nagano) le 1er octobre 1997, ce service relie les gares de Tokyo et Nagano en empruntant les lignes Shinkansen Tōhoku, Jōetsu et Hokuriku.
Noël Godin affirme apprécier le cinéaste Jean-Luc Godard mais il décide de l'entarter après avoir vu son film Je vous salue, Marie, qu'il juge comme faisant l'apologie de l'Église. Noël Godin et sa bande apprennent en mai 1985 que le film Détective du cinéaste sera présenté au Festival de Cannes. Godin entarte Godard. Il sera rattrapé par les policiers gardant l'entrée de l'auditorium ; il est emmené au poste de police mais est relâché quelques heures plus tard, Jean-Luc Godard refusant de porter plainte. Quand ce dernier apprend le lendemain qu'on veut expulser Noël Godin à vie du Festival de Cannes, il téléphone à la direction pour leur demander de passer l'éponge, ce qui fut fait.
Les magnolias ou magnoliers (Magnolia L., 1753) forment un genre de plantes à fleurs, de la famille des magnoliacées, qui comprend environ cent dix espèces, essentiellement des arbres et arbustes, des régions tempérées chaudes.
Le 26 mars 2011, le Racing Métro 92 reçoit le Stade toulousain au stade de France devant plus de 76 000 spectateurs. Ses partenaires Natixis, GTM et Kappa s'engageant alors dans un même type de show « rugby spectacle » et la rencontre achevée, un feu d'artifice sur le modèle de ceux proposés par Max Guazzini est tiré[réf. nécessaire].
Notices d'autorité : Fichier d’autorité international virtuel • International Standard Name Identifier • Bibliothèque nationale de France (données)
Dans La Patrie du 14 février 1885, en même temps que les noms de ses soutiens, on peut lire une courte déclaration qui fait office de programme. « Le candidat promet d’être économe, de réduire les taxes municipales, de combattre les monopoles, d’améliorer l’état sanitaire de la ville afin d’éviter les épidémies, de nettoyer les rues, d’améliorer le réseau de voirie, d’agir honnêtement, de servir le bien commun et de gérer la ville sans préjugés.» Il promet en particulier de s’attaquer au favoritisme et au clientélisme : « Je suis dégoûté depuis longtemps du système qui consiste à donner des emplois pour des services politiques et autres rendus aux candidats, sans avoir égard au mérite des aspirants. Ce système qui a prévalu depuis trop longtemps est contraire aux intérêts publics et devrait disparaître au plus tôt. »
Les fleurs solitaires, sont grandes, très décoratives, souvent dressées, généralement en forme de coupe. Le périgone est formé de six à neuf tépales pétaloïdes (pétales et sépales indifférenciés) de couleur claire, blanc rosé, jaune clair. Les étamines, très nombreuses sont lamellaires. Les carpelles sont disposés en cône sur le réceptacle. Pour les botanistes, c'est une fleur primitive. La floraison apparaît généralement après quinze à trente ans. Les fruits, en forme de cône, sont à déhiscence longitudinale. Ils sont composés d'un ensemble de follicules (fruit sec dérivé d'un seul carpelle) et contiennent des graines à tégument rouge.
La commune est aisément accessible par voie routière, à 25 kilomètres de Paris, par l'autoroute du Nord (Paris, Porte de la Chapelle - Lille) qui traverse le territoire de la commune, l'autoroute A3 (Paris, Porte de Bagnolet - Paris-Nord 2 - Aéroport Paris-Charles-de-Gaulle), la route nationale 17 située à l'ouest, ou la Francilienne qui contourne le village et l'aéroport par le nord.
La popularité de la commedia dell’arte, en Italie comme à l’étranger, fut extraordinaire. Au XVIIe siècle où la commedia dell’arte était plus brillante que jamais en Italie, les gouvernements d’Espagne et de France cherchèrent à censurer et à réglementer cette forme théâtrale. En France le Recueil de Gherardi constitue le témoignage le plus intéressant sur ce que fut ce théâtre. Gherardi était l’Arlequin de la troupe autorisée et privilégiée par Louis XIV. Quelques grands acteurs, tels que Fiorelli dit Scaramouche et l’Arlequin Dominique Biancolelli, la soutenaient par leur talent. En Angleterre, l’influence de la commedia dell’arte forgea les caractères des marionnettes de Punch, mélange d’Arlequin autoritaire et de Polichinelle, et sa femme Judy.
La volonté affichée par les auteurs est de conjuguer lieu de vie, équipements publics, qualité de l’habitat. Des idées sociales très avancées sont mises en pratique et traduites par les architectes Jean Boquien, Jean Parois, Georges Ganuchaud et Jean Maëder. À l’époque, la Direction Départementale de l'Équipement (avec M. Le Maresquier en architecte-conseil) privilégie cependant l’image architecturale du projet, le faisant passer de 13 à 30 étages.
Le village possède en outre un complexe sportif, avec un terrain d'honneur, un terrain de football, un dojo, un skatepark, un terrain de bicross, un plateau d'évolution et un terrain d'aventure.
Il est le fils de Charles-Yves de Lesquen, seigneur de Saint-Lormel, et de Françoise-Yvonne-Corentine de Lesquen. Il fit ses études dans l'Hôtel des Gentilhommes à Rennes, puis rentra à l'école militaire. Il fut nommé sous-lieutenant le 27 novembre 1787.
La tumeur de Wilms peut être isolée ou parfois s'inscrire dans un syndrome, ce dernier étant le plus souvent génétique. Dans ce dernier cas, la très grande majorité des enfants atteints de tumeur de Wilms syndromiques ont des vestiges embryonnaires :
La commedia dell'arte est apparue au XVIe siècle : elle tient ses racines des fêtes du rire qui sont à la base de grands carnavals. Puis avec la première comédie en prose d’Angelo Beolco, dit le Ruzzante, où chaque personnage s’exprimait dans un dialecte différent,. À partir de là, chaque localité voulut avoir son propre caractère. Les représentations eurent d’abord lieu sur des tréteaux. Le comique était principalement gestuel (pitreries). Dans la comédie improvisée, le discours est sans cesse renouvelé, les acteurs s’inspirant de la situation dramatique, des circonstances de temps et de lieu, faisaient de la pièce qu’ils représentaient une œuvre changeante, incessamment rajeunie. Quant aux types comiques, ce sont les mêmes que ceux de la comédie italienne : ses masques et ses bouffons s’y retrouvent. Il y a d’abord les quatre types principaux : Pantalon, le Docteur, le Capitan, et les zannis ou valets, avec leurs variétés de fourbes ou d’imbéciles, d’intrigants ou de poltrons ; puis les amoureux, les Horace, les Isabelle ; enfin les suivantes, comme Francisquine, Colombine, qui apparaît parfois comme jeune fille de bonne famille, mais le plus souvent comme coquine prostituée, ou enfin Rosetta et Sméraldine.
Il se bat pour l'abolition de la peine de mort, par la publication de livres et en militant dans plusieurs associations, l'Union pour la liberté en 1952, puis l'Association française contre la peine de mort.
Les clubs de rugby à XV du championnat de France Top 14, comme ceux des autres sports collectifs populaires, sont suivis et soutenus par de nombreux et fidèles supporters. Lors des matchs du Top 14 ou de coupe d'Europe, ils portent les couleurs traditionnelles de leur club.
Laurent Laplante, « Honoré Beaugrand : soldat, émigré, conteur, républicain, maire, éditeur… », Nuit blanche, magazine littéraire, no 142, 2016, p. 17-19.
La SLR, développée avec Mercedes en l’honneur du modèle automobile du même nom et disponible en mouvements purement mécaniques (Calibre 17) et électromécanique (calibre S) ;
Ces différents caractéristiques prédisent d'une façon plus ou moins importante la réussite des candidats dans leur futur poste. La validité réelle est à distinguer de la validité perçue. La première décrit la capacité d'une caractéristique à prédire significativement la réussite. La seconde décrit la croyance en la validité d'une caractéristique.
La pyramide des âges de Roissy-en-France montre le fort rajeunissement et la mutation démographique du village entre 1990 et 1999. Conformément à la région Île-de-France dans son ensemble, Roissy voit la part des enfants (moins de 15 ans) nettement diminuer, avec une baisse de 5 à 6 points entre les deux recensements de 1990 et 1999. Néanmoins ces valeurs restent supérieures à la part des moins de quinze ans dans la région (23,9 % des hommes et 19,0 % des femmes à Roissy-en-France contre respectivement 19,9 % et 17,9 % dans la région).
En 1979, un préfet, Gilbert Carrère, apporte discrètement son aide au sauvetage du village que l'expansion de l'aéroport menaçait de disparition. Ce haut fonctionnaire a été l'un des rares, à l'époque, à s'être intéressé au devenir de ce village. Cette même année, le complexe sportif des Tournelles est créé, et des courts de tennis aménagés à proximité de la piscine. Enfin, l'équipe municipale encourage la réhabilitation du bâti ancien en prenant en charge les demandes de subventions publiques, afin d'inciter les propriétaires à rénover le village tout en conservant son caractère. Signe de renouveau, le premier permis de construire depuis 1964 est délivré en 1979. En 1988, le village tout entier se mobilise pour défendre son aspect de village rural contre les pressions importantes de l'immobilier. En 1995, l'annonce par le gouvernement de la construction de deux nouvelles pistes, entraîne plusieurs manifestations de la part des habitants du village et des alentours contre les nuisances sonores. Les pistes de l'aéroport sont finalement déplacées vers l'est. En octobre 1996, le centre culturel de l'Orangerie est inauguré.
Le toponyme actuel date de juillet 1903, pour faire la distinction d'avec Roissy (Seine-et-Marne). La France figurant dans le nom de cette commune est le pays de France, région naturelle située au nord de Paris et constituant le cœur du domaine royal capétien.
Il a été l'animateur de l'émission Soh-6 et Cocktails à la station sœur de CHOI-FM, Radio X2 Rock 100.9 et producteur sonore pour le Groupe Radio X jusqu'à son congédiement le 17 juin 2011 à la suite de coupures budgétaires à la station qui l'employait.
Grabuge ! Dix réjouissantes façons de planter le système, en collaboration avec Aimable Jr, Benoît Delépine et Matthias Sanderson, Flammarion, 2002.
Les matchs se déroulent sur le terrain du premier club cité. En cas de match nul, les deux équipes sont départagées au nombre de coups de pied de coin obtenus, puis par tirage au sort à la pièce jetée.
Après quelques mois à La Nouvelle-Orléans, Beaugrand est, en 1869, de retour au Mexique. Il y sera comptable-interprète au sein de la Compagnie du chemin de fer mexicain qui assure la liaison entre Veracruz et Mexico. Il ne restera qu'un an au Mexique.
Critique de cinéma, Noël Godin a également écrit de faux comptes rendus (par exemple dans le Télérama belge) avec de fausses informations, des photos de films imaginaires et des interviews apocryphes.
Les matchs se déroulent sur le terrain du premier club cité. En cas de match nul, les deux équipes sont départagées au nombre de coups de pied de coin obtenus, puis par tirage au sort à la pièce jetée.
Le concept de la saison 6 est presque identique à la saison 5, il n'y a pas de juge invité mais 5 membres du jury et chaque semaine un des juges est aussi le coach des candidats. L'after est supprimé au profit d'images des coulisses diffusé sur internet.
En effet, tout difféomorphisme local est une application ouverte et toute application continue et propre d'une variété dans une autre est fermée. Par connexité de N, ces deux propriétés assurent que f est un revêtement,. Par simple connexité de N, ce revêtement est trivialisable donc par connexité de M, f est un difféomorphisme.
Traces Urbaines est un ensemble de peintures, travaux sur papier et photographies (photogrammes) qui traite de l'effacement des mémoires dans l'espace urbain. Par son travail sur la matérialité de la toile (grattage, ré-écriture), Ilana Salama Ortar reflète les phases de construction et re-construction de la ville, le processus de sédimentation par lequel les identités successives de la ville s'inscrivent dans des éléments matériels et immatériels. Berlin Diary est sa dernière série en date. Traces Urbaines a été exposé en Israël (Université de Haïfa, Musée d'Art de Tel Aviv, Maison des Artistes à Jérusalem (en)), en France (Galerie Renos Xippas à Paris), aux États-Unis (Marge Goldwater Gallery et Drawing Center SoHo à New York) et aux Pays-Bas (Forum Gallery à Amsterdam).
Désireux d’extirper le rugby de ses bastions traditionnels du sud pour en faire un sport vraiment national, le président du Stade français, Max Guazzini, joue la carte du spectacle et de la provocation pour faire parler de son club, pensant qu’il convient de traiter le rugby comme une entreprise de spectacle qui doit attirer un public nouveau, en particulier les jeunes et les femmes. Il organise plusieurs matchs du Top 14 au Stade de France, réussissant à attirer à plusieurs reprises plus de 80 000 spectateurs. Ces matchs deviennent alors un numéro parmi d'autres numéros au cœur d'un spectacle avec Pom-pom girls, karaoké géant, cracheurs de feu etc. Avec ces initiatives, le rugby à XV entre non seulement dans l'ère du professionnalisme, mais dans celui du « sport-spectacle », ce qui n'est pas du goût de nombreux amateurs de rugby attachés aux valeurs de l'amateurisme que ce sport continue de revendiquer. Malgré le dynamisme offert au championnat, ses initiatives lui attirent autant de louanges que de critiques.
Quel que soit le message moral qu'ait cherché à faire passer Bède, les circonstances politiques laissent entendre un scénario quelque peu différent. Après qu'Oswiu ait été chassé de Mercie, l'emprise bernicienne sur les affaires de l'Essex semble s'être relâchée, si bien que lorsque Swithhelm, le successeur de Sigeberht, cherche un parrain pour son baptême, il se tourne vers le roi d'Est-Anglie Æthelwald. L'assassinat de Sigeberht pourrait ainsi s'expliquer par un basculement de loyauté ou d'affiliation politique de la part de la classe dirigeante de l'Essex. Barbara Yorke va jusqu'à suggérer que Swithhelm était plus ou moins impliqué dans le meurtre, et que les deux frères décrits par Bède sont en fait son frère Swithfrith et lui-même,.
Carnahan est élu juge municipal de Rolla en 1960 puis représentant d'État en 1962, pour deux mandats. Après une défaite au Sénat du Missouri, il devient avocat. Il est élu trésorier du Missouri en 1980, puis lieutenant-gouverneur en 1988 et enfin gouverneur en 1992. Il est facilement réélu en 1996. Durant son mandat, il met son véto à une loi restreignant l'avortement, s'oppose au port d'arme cachée et augmente les impôts pour financer les écoles publiques du Missouri.
L'hypothèse de simple connexité est cruciale. Par exemple, l'application z ↦ z2, de C* dans lui-même, est un C∞-difféomorphisme local (son jacobien en z est égal à 4|z|2 donc n'est jamais nul) mais n'est pas injective (c'est un 2-revêtement).
Ilana Salama Ortar est née à Alexandrie en Égypte en 1949. Sa famille, descendante de Juifs expulsés d'Espagne lors de l'Inquisition, parcourut l'Europe avant de s'installer à Hébron. Dans les années 1850, la mauvaise situation économique en Palestine les obligea à émigrer à Alexandrie. Forcés de quitter l'Égypte en 1952 avec un laissez-passer, Ilana Salama Ortar et ses parents partirent à Haïfa en Israël. Ils passèrent par le camp de transit du Grand Arénas près de Marseille. Elle a étudié l'histoire de l'art et la littérature française à l'Université Hébraïque de Jérusalem et obtenu son diplôme de maîtrise en 1986. En 2008, elle a reçu son doctorat à l'Université de Roehampton, Londres, Angleterre, avec une thèse sur le sujet: « Art de la Performance Civique et Architecture d'Urgence ». Entre 1975 et 1988, elle a été commissaire d'exposition à la galerie d'art de l'Université de Haïfa. Entre 1996 et 2011, elle a enseigné dans les institutions suivantes: École de Communication du Collège Académique Sapir (en) à Sderot, École du Cinéma de Tel Haï, Collège Académique de Tel Haï (en), et Institut de Technologie de Holon (en). Entre 2008 et 2011, elle a occupé la fonction de Directeur pour les Arts Visuels dans le Département pour les Arts Visuels, Littérature et Musique du Collège Académique de Safed (he). Elle a été professeur invité à l'École des Beaux Arts de Lyon en 1999-2000, l'École des Beaux Arts de Montpellier en 2007, et l'École des Beaux Arts de Marseille en 2012-2013. Elle a été chercheur associé LAMES à l'Université d'Aix-Marseilles (AMU), la Maison des Sciences de l'Homme (MMSH) et IMéRA, Aix-Marseilles en 2015. Elle a donné de nombreuses conférences et animé des ateliers artistiques en France, aux États-Unis, en Angleterre, Israël et Palestine.
La formule retenue pour la désignation du champion de France de rugby à XV et le nombre de clubs qui participent à la compétition ont changé de nombreuses fois. Quel que soit le nombre de clubs participant, le championnat se déroule depuis la fin de la Seconde Guerre mondiale en deux temps :
La première mention de Hlyboka remonte à l'année 1438. Le 4 mai 1775, le Sultan Abdülhamid Ier offrit une partie de la principauté de Moldavie à l'impératrice Marie-Thérèse, en raison de l'attitude de neutralité qu'elle avait eue pendant la guerre russo-turque de 1768-1774. Joseph II appela à la colonisation de ce nouveau territoire nommé Bukowina d'après le nom polonais et de nombreux colons s'installèrent, venant en particulier de Souabe. En 1786, après dix ans d'administration militaire, la Bucovine reçoit une administration civile : le Kreis de Czernowitz dépendant du royaume de Galicie et de Lodomérie. En 1804, la Bucovine est rattachée à l'empire d'Autriche. Une distiLes Habsbourgs firent de ce territoire un Kronland (de). Lors de la partition de l’Empire austro-hongrois en 1867, elle resta autrichienne. Après l'effondrement de l'Empire d'Autriche-Hongrie, elle devint roumaine sous le nom de Adâncata. Le Consiliul Național al Bucovine (Conseil national de la Bucovine) (CNB) déclare le 27 novembre 1918 son rattachement au royaume de Roumanie, décision confirmée par le Traité de Saint-Germain-en-Laye signé le 10 septembre 1919. Adâncata fait alors partie de la plasă (ro) de Flondoreni dans le județ de Storojineț.
L'essayiste Bernard-Henri Lévy fut entarté une première fois par Noël Godin le 11 novembre 1985. Lévy se trouve à la station RTBF de Liège où il doit faire une apparition à l'émission Écran Témoin. Noël Godin et quatre complices pensent entarter Lévy à sa sortie de la station mais il fait nuit et ils réalisent qu'il n'y aura pas assez de lumière pour filmer l'événement ; ils décident donc d'attendre Lévy à l'intérieur. Cela rend l'opération plus difficile car Noël Godin est habillé en Georges Le Gloupier ; il attire beaucoup l'attention. Ce dernier attend depuis vingt minutes lorsque Lévy apparaît ; lorsqu'il est à portée de tir, Godin lui envoie sa tarte à la figure. Lévy réplique en lui envoyant un uppercut qui jette Godin par terre, puis lui dit : « Lève-toi ou je t'écrase la gueule à coups de talon ». Le vidéoclip de l'entartage sera diffusé massivement, entre autres par Coluche et Pierre Desproges ; il contribua à ternir la réputation de l'essayiste.[réf. nécessaire]. Le chanteur Renaud fait d'ailleurs référence aux multiples entartages de Bernard-Henri Lévy qu'il présente comme un « Jean-Paul Sartre dévalué » dans sa chanson L'Entarté extraite de l'album Boucan d'enfer (2002).
La première étape consiste à identifier une ouverture de poste au sein de l'organisation. Ceci peut être fait par les gestionnaires des ressources humaines (GRH), basé sur l'identification des besoins de ressources humaines par rapport au plan stratégique de l'organisation. Les GRH jouent un rôle capital dans cette étape car c'est leur responsabilité d'identifier les ouvertures d'emploi présentes et futures, tout en indiquant celles qui doivent être remplies de façon interne et externe. On parle parfois de « gestion prévisionnelle des emplois et compétences » (GPEC). Les ouvertures de postes peuvent par ailleurs être identifiées par les responsables d'une certaine section de l'organisation lorsqu'un emploi se libère de façon inattendue ou s'il requiert tout simplement plus de capital humain.
Ces éditeurs permettent de combler le principal inconvénient des éditeurs WYSIWYG dont l'inconvénient majeur est le degré de liberté de personnalisation de mise en page trop restreint en combinant les deux éditeurs présentés ci-dessus. éditeur html
En mai 1995, Bernard-Henri Lévy est entarté par Noël Godin une cinquième fois à l'aéroport de Nice en présence d'Arielle Dombasle qui adresse un violent coup de poing à deux des entarteurs. Le 27 février 2000, il est entarté une sixième fois, à la Foire du Livre de Bruxelles
Roissy-en-France est une commune française située dans le département du Val-d'Oise en région Île-de-France. Les habitants sont appelés les Roisséens et les Roisséennes.
La zone d'emploi de Roissy totalise relativement peu d'entreprises (2 300 en 2004) mais c'est la zone francilienne qui détient la plus forte proportion d'établissements de 500 salariés ou plus (83 pour 10 000).
En 1926, Tibor Radó demanda si le prolongement harmonique de tout homéomorphisme (ou difféomorphisme) du cercle unité dans lui-même était un difféomorphisme du disque ouvert. Une preuve élégante fut fournie peu après par Hellmuth Kneser et une démonstration complètement différente fut découverte en 1945 par Gustave Choquet, qui ignorait apparemment que ce théorème était déjà connu.
január 2000 – po voľbách sa časť poslancov zvolených za SDK vrátila do svojich pôvodných strán, časť - medzi nimi aj Ivan Šimko - pod vedením Mikuláša Dzurindu, založila novú politickú stranu Slovenskú demokratickú a kresťanskú úniu,
Kniha obsahuje kompiláciu výrokov a rozhovorov filozofa Meng-c’ (Mencia) so svojimi žiakmi. V porovnaní s dielami, ktorých autorstvo je pripisované Konfuciovi má kniha odlišnú vnútornú štruktúru. Výroky a rozhovory Mencia v diele sú rozsahovo dlhé, rozvláčne a majú skôr charakter dlhých dialógov, opisov a vykazujú charakteristiky plnohodnotného prozaického diela. Na druhej strane Konfuciovo vyjadrovanie zvykne byť kratšie a výstižnejšie, často zložené iba z krátkych jednotlivých výrokov s hlbším významom v rozsahu jednej vety.
Waters bývalých spoluhráčov zažaloval za neoprávnené používanie názvu Pink Floyd, keďže ako autor väčšiny skladieb si tento názov nárokoval sám. Podarilo sa mu síce vyhrať prvé kolo, ale odvolací súd nakoniec priznal používanie názvu Pink Floyd Gilmourovi a Masonovi čo bolo najmä záťaž pre Watersovu sólovú kariéru. Nikto by nečakal že Pink Floyd sa postaví na nohy aj bez Watersa ale stalo sa tak.
Třebovice je obec v Česku v okrese Ústí nad Orlicí v Pardubickom kraji. 1. januára 2012 tu žilo 810 obyvateľov, z toho 427 mužov a 383 žien, pričom priemerný vek v obci bol 39,0 roka (muži 38,1 roka, ženy 40,0 roka).
Vydávala periodiká Časopis Muzeálnej slovenskej spoločnosti a Sborník Muzeálnej slovenskej spoločnosti, na ktorý nadviazal poradím ročníkov Zborník Slovenského národného múzea.
V úvode svojej obhajoby sa Sokrates prihovára k porotcom. Hovorí, že ich myseľ bola otrávená jeho nepriateľmi už keď boli mladí a teda ovplyvniteľnejší. Povesť o jeho údajnom sofizme pochádza od jeho nepriateľov, ktorí sú závistliví a zlomyseľní. Ich mená nepozná s výnimkou Aristofana. Neskôr vyvracia obvinenie o kazení mládeže tým, že samotná myšlienka o úmyselnom škodení je nekonzistentná.
Bolo tradíciou, že obe strany, obžaloba aj obžalovaný, navrhli trest. Súd potom vyberal z týchto návrhov. V tejto časti si Sokrates znepriateľuje súd ešte viac, keď premýšľa nad svojim návrhom. Poukazuje na to, že hlasovanie bolo tesné. Použije aj akýsi čierny humor, keď hovorí, že Meletus by bol pokutovaný, ak by nedosiahol zákonom stanovený 1/5 počet hlasov poroty (aby sa zabránilo zneužívaniu súdu podávaním ľahkovážnych žalôb, žalujúca strana bola ťažko pokutovaná, ak počet hlasov porotcov nedosiahol toto číslo). Ak predpokladáme, že porotcov bolo 500 (alebo 501), obžaloba musela získať minimálne 100 hlasov. V tomto prípade žalujúca strana nedosiahla len toľko. Vyhrala.
Ďalší národný rekord zlomila, keď zarobila na odmenách (24. mája 2008) viac ako 1 000 000 USD, čo sa zatiaľ žiadnej inej krajanke nepodarilo.
Nachádza sa asi 100 km severne od Marseille a neďaleko benediktínskeho kláštora Ganagobie. Miestny cintorín je na zozname historického dedičstva. Dominantou obce je osemboká kaplnka.
Hoci budova má historizujúci vzhľad, ide o vo svojej dobe modernú železobetónovú stavbu, ktorá bola plne klimatizovaná, disponovala potrubnou poštou, telefónnou ústredňou, tlačiarňou, dosiaľ funkčnými paternostermi a samozrejme i masívnymi trezormi v suteréne. Klimatizácia bola, podľa pamätníkov, umiestnená vo vykachličkovanej miestnosti v ktorej trvalo kvapkala voda na veľkú kamennú dosku odspodu nahrievanú plynovými horákmi. Z týchto miestností bol vzduch rozvádzaný dutinami v stenách. V niektorých miestnostiach sú dodnes zachované ozdobné „výdychové“ mriežky na stenách. Taktiež existujú viditeľné vstupy do potrubnej pošty a údajne zdvojené stropy umožňujúce práce na inštaláciách bez veľkého búrania muriva.
Ladislav I. Svätý (maď. I. László), (* 27. jún 1040 – † 29. júl 1095) bol knieža Nitrianskeho kniežatstva v rokoch 1063 a 1074 – 1077 (spoluknieža 1064 – 1074) a uhorský kráľ v rokoch 1077 až 1095. Bol synom uhorského kráľa Bela I. a poľskej princeznej Richezy (Adelheid). Narodil sa v Poľsku.
Album Dark Side of the Moon bol prvým albumom skupiny, ktorý sa prebojoval aj na prvé miesta rebríčkov hudobného trhu v USA. V U. S. Billboard sa držal v top 200 počas 15 rokov, t. j. spolu 724 týždňov, kým z neho nevypadol dňa 23. júla, 1988. Tento výsledok nie je oficiálne uznaný. Oficiálne (podľa pravidiel Billboardu) je uznaná jeho pozícia od 18. decembra, 1976 do 23. apríla, 1988, čo znamená 591 týždňov.
Jazykovo sa vzdelával pri pobyte v Holandsku, kde tomu venoval celé dni a mnoho nocí. Veril, že sa naučí jazyk, ak si ho bude opakovať nahlas. Z tohto dôvodu, musel dvakrát zmeniť svoj apartmán na žiadosť nespokojných susedov. Ak chcel mať poslucháča, prenajal za pár frankov mužov, ktorí ho počúvali a hoci tomu nerozumeli, Schliemannovi to nevadilo.
Členovia kapely pochádzajú z Cambridge. Niektoré skladby z ich tvorby sú ovplyvnené atmosférou krajiny ich detstva stráveného v okolí Grantchester Meadows. Počas štúdia na Regent Street Polytechnic v Londýne založil Clive Metcalfe spolu s manažérom Metcalfovým spolužiakom, Kenom Chapmanom, a ďalšími vrstovníkmi, ktorými boli Roger Waters, Richard Wright, a Nick Mason skupinu Sigma 6. V tomto období boli ovplyvnení hudbou v štýle R&B a prichádzajúcou rockovou érou v populárnej hudbe, ktorej významným predstaviteľom bol gitarový zvuk hudby skupiny The Rolling Stones. Sigma 6 postupne upadala a Ken Chapman sa ju snažil udržať personálnymi zmenami, či zmenami názvu skupiny na Megadeath, Architectural Abdabs, Screaming Abdabs a zjednodušene na The Abdabs. V základnej zostave tejto skupiny vtedy boli:
Ako je uvedené v archívnych dokumentoch, Marek bol básnik a vystupoval pod pseudonymom Martin. Ide o jednu a tú istú osobu. Predkovia Martina Bošňáka pochádzali z dnešnej Bosny, odkiaľ v 2. polovici 15. storočia odišli pred Turkmi na územie dnešného Maďarska cez Slavóniu (mnohí autori uvádzajú Slovinsko, čo nie je správne). To, že ide o Slavóniu, preukazuje uznanie dávnych výsad rodu, ktoré im panovník Ľudovít II. v roku 1521 potvrdil v Slavónii.
Gianfranco Zola (* 5. júl 1966, Oliena, Sardínia) je bývalý taliansky futbalista. Prvú časť svojej kariéry odhoral v Taliansku, hlavne za Neapol a Parmu, pred príchodom do anglického mužstva Chelsea. Počas pôsobenia v tomto klube získal ocenenie Football Writers Hráč roka v 1997. Za Talianske národné futbalové mužstvo odohral 35 zápasov. Po pôsobení v Chelsea sa rozhodol v roku 2003 vrátiť do Talianska, obliekol dres Cagliari. Po ukončení kariéry sa stal trénerom Premier League West Hamu United. V tíme po dvoch rokoch skončil
Sčítání lidu v republice Československé ze dne 1. prosince 1930 Díl II. Povolání obyvatelstva. Část 1. z r. 1934 - dostupné v Digitálnej knižnici UKB
Na oficiálnych židovských dokumentoch (napr. ketube) sa uvádza len židovské meno, pri rozvodovej listine (get) všetky mena, pod ktorými je dotyčný známy (vrátane prezývok), ale zapísané hebrejským písmom.
Po novembrovom vystúpení doktora Lenza v roku 1961 a po zistení, že príčinou malformácií je Contergan, došlo v decembri 1961 k podanie prvých žalôb proti výrobcovi na prokuratúre krajinského súdu v Aachene. Začal jeden z najdlhších súdnych sporov v Európe vôbec. Obžalobný spis mal 1000 strán . V SRN je v dôsledku tejto aféry oficiálne klasifikované 2 625 detí s dysmetickým syndrómom (tj. bez končatín). Súdne procesy prebehli aj v ďalších štátoch, napríklad v Spojenom kráľovstve ich bolo zaznamenaných 62. Po zverejnený štúdie dr. William McBride nastali súdne procesy proti spoločnosti The Distillers Company (Biochemicals) Ltd, ktorá distibuovala liek v Británii a Austrálii. Keď sa liek stiahol z trhu západného Nemecka a Británie, tak v niektorých krajinách sa ešte niekoľko mesiacov predával. Boli to napríklad: Belgicko, Brazília, Kanada, Taliansko, Japonsko .
The Breakers je slovenská bigbítová hudobná skupiny z Trnavy. Vznikla v roku 1965 zlúčením dvoch kapiel, a to Black Boys a Black White. Obsahom ich repertoáru boli skladby Chucka Berryho, The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, Troggs, The Kinks, Loving Spoonful, Sir Douglas Quintet a vlastné skladby. Ich prvý koncert sa uskutočnil v roku 1966, v trnavskom divadle. Prvú zostavu tvorili Peter Bonzo Radványi - basgitara, ústna harmonika, spev, Fero Bartoš - sprievodná gitara, vokál, Laco Bartoš - sólo gitara, spev; Marian Remenár - bicie, vokál a Marian Mike Kramár - klávesy, vokál. V priebehu rokov 1966 až 1970 prišlo k viacerým personálnym zmenám, a to v dôsledku študijných povinností a vojenskej prezenčnej služby niektorých členov kapely. Vystriedali sa tu hudobníci ako M. Macko, T. Šidlik, V. Bielko, F. Kesler, J. Moravec a ďalší. Po určitých peripetiách sa zloženie skupiny ustálilo do nasledovného zloženia : Peter Bonzo Radványi - sprievodná gitara, ústna harmonika, flauta, spev; Fero Kesler - basgitara, vokál; Fero Bartoš - sólo gitara, vokál; Tóno Šidlík - bicie, spev a Marian Mike Kramár - klávesy, vokál. V uvedenom zložení skupina účinkovala asi dva roky a zúčastnila sa mnohých koncertov vrátane účasti na bítovom festivale vo Viedni,kde zožala zaslúžený úspech. V roku 1971 sa skupina rozchádza. Po dlhej pauze sa v roku 2000 skupina znovu sformovala do pôvodného zloženia ich vzniku, pričom sa rozšírila o Paľa Opatovského - gitara, ústna harmonika, spev a Vlada Machalu - sólo gitara, vokál.
Svoradov dal Slovensku mnoho výnimočných ľudí. Spomeňme napríklad básnika katolíckej moderny – lekára Andreja Žarnova (bol pri exhumácii pozostatkov povraždených poľských dôstojníkov v Katyni, jeho verše zdobia pamätnú tabuľu E. Filkorna vo vestibule), politikov Karola Sidora, bratov Ďurčanských, Júliusa Stana, Jozefa Kirschbauma, Antona Neuwirtha, Jozefa Vicena (zakladateľa vysielača Biele légie po komunistickom puči), herca Gustáva Valacha, historika Františka Hrušovského, archeológa Bela Pollu, speváka Štefana Hozu, právnikov Vojtecha Marka, Júliusa Virsika, Františka Braxátora, lekára Františka Sýkoru, novinára a publicistu Imricha Kružliaka, diplomata Jozefa Augusta Mikuša, maliara Ladislava Záborského, básnika Severína Zrubca a mnoho ďalších známych či menej známych osobností. Chvíľu tu dokonca býval aj Gustáv Husák. Treba podotknúť, že pod Husákovým vedením sa svoradovčania v komunistickom režime stali občanmi druhej kategórie. Dohromady si v žalároch a na nútených prácach odtrpeli stovky rokov. Ich osudy je potrebné spracovať, čo je veľká historická výzva pre budúcnosť.
Názov obce je slovanského pôvodu a pochádza z apelatíva hrab. Ide tu teda o pôvodný názov, ktorý prešiel prirodzeným vývinom slovenskej reči. Obec dostala svoj názov podľa lesa a potoka toho istého názvu, ktorý tu bol skôr ako názov obce. Spomína sa už v roku 1254.
Sokrates v tejto časti reaguje na verdikt. Najprv hovorí k tým, ktorý hlasovali za jeho smrť. Tvrdí, že nie nedostatok argumentov viedol k jeho odsúdeniu. Bola to jeho neochota ponížiť sa zvyčajnými emotívnymi apelmi, ktoré sú očakávané od obžalovaných stojacich pred smrťou. Opäť trvá na tom, že vyhliadka smrti neoslobodzuje jednotlivca od nasledovania cesty dobra a pravdy.
Pred okupáciou rodina Petschkovcov včas pochopila aké nebezpečenstvo jej od nacistických vládcov hrozí, a dom pred svojou emigráciou predala.
VSX - Elektrické sedadlá s lakťovou opierkou, audio Clarion, Blaupunkt s ovládaním na volante, klimatizácia, drevená radiaca páka a palubná doska s dreveným dekorom
Ouragan bol dolnoplošník s jednoduchým sudovitým trupom. Mierne šípovité krídla mali rozpätie 13,16 m. Predná časť trupu bola otvorená, čím vznikol kruhový prívod vzduchu motora. Prvých 50 strojov Ouragan, ktoré boli vo verzii MD-450A, poháňal motor Rolls-Royce Nene 102 s ťahom 22,48 kN. Pohon verzie MD-450B už zabezpečoval Hispano-Suiza Nene 104B, čo bol na licenciu vyrábaný motor od Rolls-Royce. Ten umožňoval lietadlu dosiahnuť maximálnu rýchlosť 940 km/h a dostup 13 000 m. Stúpavosť stíhačky bola 38 m/s. Motor Ouraganu mal pomerne vysokú spotrebu. Preto boli na koncoch krídel pripevnené slzovité palivové nádrže, ktoré pomohli zvýšiť dolet stroja. Toto bol bežný prístup konštruktérov stíhacími lietadiel z obdobia päťdesiatych rokov 20. storočia.
Nachádza sa medzi ostrovmi Stóra Dímun 5 km severne a Suðuroy 11 km západne od ostrova. Ostrov je možno vidieť z ostrova Suðuroy z obcí Hvalba a Sandvík. Ostrov má len jeden vrch s menom Rávan, ktorý je 414 m vysoký. Ostrov je obývaný len ovcami a vtákmi.
Po Gejzovej nečakanej smrti roku 1077 sa Ladislav stal kráľom Uhorska a Lampert zas kniežaťom Nitrianskeho pohraničného kniežatstva. Až roku 1081 porazil Ladislav (už ako kráľ) Šalamúna v Bratislave.
Prvý dredge-up nastáva, keď hviezdy hlavnej postupnosti prechádzajú do vetvy červených obrov. Výsledkom tohto konvektívneho mixovania je atmosféra indikujúca spektrálne stopy vodíkovej fúzie: 12C/13C a C/N pomery sú zmenšené a povrchový nadbytok lítia a berýlia môže byť znížený. U hviezd 4 až 8-krát hmotnejších ako Slnko, keď sa fúzia hélia v jadre blíži ku koncu, prúdenie premieša produkty uhlíkového cyklu, čoho vyvrcholením je druhý dredge-up. Tento druhý dredge-up vyvrcholí vo zvýšení prebytku povrchového 4He a 14N, zatiaľ čo množstvo 12C a 16O sa zníži.
Rumanov štít je dvojvrchol v hlavnom hrebeni Vysokých Tatier. Do Kačacej doliny spadá pôsobivou, vyše 600 metrovou severovýchodnou stenou, ktorá je súčasťou mohutného tzv. „Kačacieho múra“. Oveľa prístupnejší je od Zlomiskovej doliny, resp. jej odnože – Rumanovej dolinky, I, len s horským vodcom.
Nastalo obdobie nazvané „vojna Floydov“, ktorá sa viedla v médiách, v súkromí aj na súde. Členovia skupiny, ktorí dovtedy medzi svojimi prioritami nemali vlastnú mediálnu publicitu, o svoju anonymitu prišli.
V prípade hudobných žánrov boli za undreground v dobách svojho vzniku označované žánre ako boli: psychedelický rock, punk rock a hardcore, hip hop, alternatívny rock, grunge, rôzne formy heavy metalu vrátane black metalu, experimentálna hudba a mnohé iné.
Obranný počítač koordinuje obranú automatickych obrannych systémov. Veziam umoznuje zamerať viac cieľov naraz, jeho prítomnosť je taktiež podmienkou pre stavbu Tesla vezi.
17. júla 2006 sa Nemanja oženil so svojou priateľkou Anou Ivanovič, študentkou ekonomiky v Belehrade. Ana nemá nič spoločné so Srbskou tenistkou rovnakého mena. Spolu majú syna menom Luka.
V pôvodných krajinách eurozóny prebehlo zavedenie eura v dvoch časových okamihoch: 31. decembra 1998, kedy boli určené konverzné kurzy v eurozóne, a 1. januára 2002, kedy boli uvedené eurobankovky a euromince a pôvodné meny boli stiahnuté. V krajinách, ktoré do eurozóny vstúpili neskôr zavedenie eura prebieha v jeden časový okamih - formou takzvaného Veľkého tresku, napr. na Slovensku 1. januára 2009.
Okolo 8:30 lietadlá z lietadlových lodí chrániacich vylodené jednotky na Okinawe vyštartovali oproti zväzu Jamata. Okolo 10:00 japonský radar na Jamate zaregistroval približujúce sa lietadlá, na ktoré hneď upozornil radista Seičiho Ita. O sedem minút už boli na lodi pozatvárané všetky dvere, okná a ventilátory (opatrenie proti potopeniu v prípade prerazenia trupu), všetky bojové stanovištia boli obsadené.
Heinrichova matka Luisa Schliemannová zomrela krátko po pôrode deviateho dieťaťa v roku 1831. Otec, ktorý bol vo finančných ťažkostiach, dal mladého Heinricha do opatery svojmu bratovi, pastorovi Antershagena. Heinrich spočiatku študoval na strednej škole v Neustrelitzi, ale keď otcovi došli peniaze na školné, a jeho strýko tiež nechcel platiť, musel pokračovať vo vzdelávaní na mestských školách.
^ Fotografia objektu. Kliknutím na obrázok sa zobrazí zväčšený náhľad. Nahratím obrázku na Wikimedia Commons sa tento zoznam nijako nezmení, takže v prípade potreby treba upraviť tento zoznam tak, aby sa nahratý obrázok zobrazil aj tu.
V rokoch 2008 – 2011 bol vo vzťahu so švédskou speváčkou a modelkou Marie Serneholtovou, členkou bývalej švédskej popovej skupiny A*Teens. Ďalší vážnejší vzťah s Azrou Osmancevicovou sa mu rozpadol v roku 2015.
Trysky umoznuju hracovi vzlietnuť a pomaly sa vznášať vo vzduchu. Doba funkčnosti je neobmedzená, je však podmienená existenciou reaktora. Po zasahu nepriatelom sa trysky dočasne vypnu.
Štúdium na Konzervatóriu v Bratislave trvá 6 rokov. Počas štúdia majú študenti pravidelné vystúpenia a sú v odborných predmetoch komisionálne hodnotení každý polrok na skúškach. Po úspešnom ukončení štvrtého ročníka vykonajú študenti maturitnú skúškú a po úspešnom ukončení šiesteho ročníka je štúdium zavŕšené absolutóriom (vyššie odborné vzdelanie). Absolventská skúška pozostáva z verejného výkonu z hlavného odboru štúdia, zo skúšky z pedagogickej prípravy a z obhajoby absolventskej písomnej práce. Po úspešnom zložení skúšky dostáva absolvent diplom uznávaný na celom svete ako doklad dovŕšeného profesionálneho umeleckého vzdelania.
V tom čase zaiste z vyššieho vnuknutia obrátil sa na nás predstavený lazaristov Jozef Danielik so žiadosťou, aby sme prijali do ústavu (Svoradova) ich dorast, klerikov, čo dovtedy študovali v Štyrskom Hradci (Grázi) a doma mali pokračovať na teologickej fakulte v Bratislave. Žiadosti nebolo možné nevyhovieť. Veď všetka starosť o stravovanie, poriadok a čistotu v ústave, o dorábanie potravín na statku v Torči bola zverená na milosrdné sestry z kongregácie sv. Vincenta. Bola tu však aj iná pohnútka. V klerikoch, ktorí budú rásť spolu s akademikmi, videl som budúcich vychovávateľov Svoradovčanov... Naraz sa našli vhodné miestnosti, upravením chodby pri kostolíku. Začali tam život presne podľa pravidiel sv. Vincenta. Príkladný rehoľný život klerikov, najmä ich úprimná nábožnosť, hlbokým dojmom pôsobili na všetkých obyvateľov ústavu.“
Bol piatym dieťaťom a druhým synom (prvý zomrel vo veku ôsmich rokov) farára Ernsta Schliemanna a jeho manželky, Luisy Theresy Sophie. Mal štyroch mladších súrodencov. Ako napísal neskôr, Schliemann sám, v tomto období sa zrodil jeho záujem o Tróju a jej hrdinov – vo veku siedmich rokov, dostal od svojho otca ako darček na Vianoce, "Ilustrovanú históriu sveta" od Jerrera, v ktorej najväčší dojem na neho urobil obrázok horiacej Tróje. Následne sa rozhodol, že jedného dňa toto mesto nájde.
O tri roky neskôr štartovala trojčlenná posádka misie Apollo 11 opäť z Floridy. Tridsaťdeväťročný Aldrin mal funkciu pilota lunárneho modulu, partnermi mu boli Neil Armstrong a Michael Collins. Spoločne s Amstrongom pristál a vystúpil dňa 20. júla 1969 na povrch Mesiaca. Po 21 hodinách pobytu na Mesiaci obaja odleteli späť k lodi obiehajúcej okolo Mesiaca a odleteli k Zemi. Pristáli s kabínou lode v Tichom oceáne po lete trvajúcom 8 dní, 3 hodiny, 18 minút a 35 sekúnd.
Gestapo tu uskutočňovalo smutne známe výsluchy a mučenie českých vlastencov a odbojárov. Zastupujúci ríšsky protektor Reinhard Heydrich tu dal zriadiť stanný súd, ktorý vo väčšine prípadov odsúdených posielal na popravu, alebo do koncentračných táborov. Veľa vlastencov bolo umučených i priamo v priestoroch tohto paláca. Toto smutné obdobie pripomína pamätná tabuľa umiestnená na nároží budovy.
Prvými bezprostrednými návštevníkmi okolia i zrázov Gerlachovského štítu boli, pravdepodobne, poľovníci a botanici. Je možné, že niektorí z nich dosiahli aj vrchol. Traduje sa, že prvým známym človekom, ktorý stál na vrchole Gerlachovského štítu, bol pravdepodobne učiteľ na katolíckej škole v Novej Lesnej Ján Still (1805 - 1890) v roku 1834, keď ho sprevádzal jeho švagor Jakub Gellhof, staviteľ z Veľkej,horský vodca, mlynár z Novej Lesnej Martin Spitzkopf - Urban a dvaja ďalší neznámi lovci kamzíkov. Dňa 31. júla 1875 bol na Gerlachovskom štíte budapeštiansky prírodovedec Dionýz Desző. Vtedy ho Still údajne informoval, že Gerlach prvý zdolal Martin Spitzkopf - Urban , ktorý koncom 60. tych rokov 19. storočia vyviedol na vrchol neznámeho zákazníka. Still vyhlásil, že na Gerlachovský štít začal vodiť turistov až v roku 1872, keď ho predbehol Martin Spitzkopf - Urban. Desző reprodukoval tento rozhovor v ročenke Uhorského karpatského spolku v roku 1876. Túto informáciu prevzala väčšina autorov, ktorí sa touto históriou zaoberali. Poliaci spochybnili primát Martina Spitzkopfa - Urbana a víťazstvo prisúdili poľským botanikom, o ktorých sa zmieňujeme nižšie. V roku 1962 tatranského historika Ivana Bohuša informoval kežmarský profesor Alfred Grosz, že správa, ktorú uviedol Dionýz Desző v ročenke je "z prsta vycucaná". Still naopak vierohodne doznal, že so svojim švagrom Jakubom Gellhofom, a Martinom Spitzkopfom - Urbanom z Novej Lesnej uskutočnil v roku 1834 prvovýstup. Roku 1874 sa Still o tom písomne vyjadril v svedectve, napísanom pokladníkovi Uhorského karpatského spolku Antonovi Döllerovi v Kežmarku. Döller odovzdal Stillov list ako vzácny historický doklad do archívu spolku. O tomto výstupe rozprával Stillov švagor Gellhof otcovi historika dr. Johana Liptáka, ktorý sa stretol s Ivanom Bohušom. Svedecká výpoveď Jána Stilla, ktorá mala byť uložená v archíve Uhorského karpatského spolku v Kežmarku sa nenašla. Je možné, že Dionýz Desző zle pochopil rozprávanie Jána Stilla o Gerlachu. Dnes už to nikto nevysvetlí.
Obec sa nachádza približne 12 km južne od Martina. Asi 0,5 km od Ďanovej sa nachádza rybník s rozlohou cca 3,5 ha. Slúži rybárom a je tiež veľmi vyhľadávaný na rekreáciu (kúpanie). V blízkosti obce sa nachádzajú 3 lyžiarske strediská: Martinské hole, Jasenská dolina, Snowland Valčianska dolina.
Sopka je stará približne 500 000 rokov, svoju existenciu počala produkciou lávových prúdov staršej etapy (Higaši-Kurikoma), nasledovanom neskoršou fázou Magusa-dake, aktívnou na západnej strane masívu. Centrum aktívne v dnešnej dobe začalo svoju činnosť pred cca 100 000 rokmi. Od 16. storočia bolo zaznamenaných päť menších erupcií, posledná v roku 1950.
Citroën Xantia je automobil strednej triedy, ktorý vyrábala francúzska automobilka Citroën v rokoch 1993 až 2001. Vyrábala sa ako Liftback alebo vo verzii Break (combi). Model prešiel výraznejším faceliftom v roku 1998 Xantia X2 (po facelifte) dostala novú prednú masku, nárazníky, zrkadlá, interiér a hlavne bola zvýšená bezpečnosť.Predalo sa viac ako 1,2 milióna kusov tohto modelu počas 8-ročnej produkcie. Po ukončení produkcie v Európe v roku 2001 ho vyrábala firma SAIPA v Iráne do septembra 2010.
Mince najnižších hodnôt (1, 5 a 10 satangov) sa už v obehu takmer nevyskytujú, napriek tomu zostávajú zákonným platidlom. Okrem základnej série mincí existuje aj mnoho verzií mincí 1, 2, 5 a 10 bahtov, ktoré boli vydané so zmeneným výzorom ako pamätné obežné mince. Tieto mince majú zhodné parametre ako štandardné mince, možno s nimi platiť.
„Jigga Jigga!“ je skladba nemeckej techno skupiny Scooter z ich desiateho štúdiového albumu Mind the Gap z roku 2004. Tento singel bol pôvodne naplánovaný pre Ratty. Na vzniku skladby sa podieľala aj Nikk, manželka Ricka J. Jordana.
Pink Floyd bola britská skupina považovaná za priekopníka psychedelického, neskôr progresívneho rocku známa svojimi experimentami so zvukom, koncepčne ladenými hudobnými projektami, zaujímavými obalmi albumov a pompéznymi živými vystúpeniami.
Anuket (staroeg. ˁnḳ.t) alebo Anukis (starogr. Ἀνουκις) bola pôvodne egyptská bohyňa Nílu na jeho hornom toku, v oblasti Elefantíny a priľahlej Núbie. Jej chrám sa nachádzal na ostrove Seheil. Jej meno znamená „Objímačka“, čo vystihuje rieku zdvíhajúcu sa počas záplav, ktorá „objíma“ polia. Tomu zodpovedali aj jej tituly: Živiteľka polí, Životodárna, Tá, ktorá sa vrhá vpred (ako vody potopy).
Skupina Pink Floyd ovplyvnila rockovú hudobnú tvorbu hudobníkov 70. rokov ako sú David Bowie, Genesis a Yes; a aj mnohých súčasných skupín ako sú Dream Theater, Tool, Radiohead, Porcupine Tree, The Orb, Anathema a Nine Inch Nails.
War Thunder je masívna online bojová videohra inšpirovaná druhou svetovou vojnou vydaná od Gaijin Entertainment pre Microsoft Windows, OS X, Linux a PlayStation 4.
Latinský názov Asteraceae pochádza z rodu Aster, z gréckeho ἀστήρ, ktoré znamená „hviezda“, a odkazuje na hviezdicový tvar kvetenstva. Compositae je starší ale stále platný názov, ktorý odkazuje na fakt, že čeľaď je jedna z mála krytosemenných rastlín, ktoré majú pseudanthium (súkvetie pripomínajúce jednoduchý kvet)
Marauder je veľmi obratnou formou Votrelca, hlavne vďaka svojej schopnosti rýchlo skákať na pomerne veľkú vzdialenosť a odrážať sa pri tom od stien. Jeho odolnosť aj sila útoku sú priemerne.
Lidija Petrovna Ceraská (rus. Лидия Петровна Цераская – Lidija Petrovna Ceraskaja; * 23. jún 1855, Astrachán, Rusko – † 22. december 1931) bola ruská astronómka, ktorý objavila 219 premenných hviezd.
bezpečnosť - medzi základné bezpečnostné opatrenia, ktoré musia byť dodržané v poskytovaní služieb klaud, je riadenie prístupu, ochrana komunikácie medzi zákazníkom a poskytovateľom, bezpečnostné opatrenia, šifrovanie uloženého obsahu, separácia systémov v rámci klaudu, dôsledný monitoring. Prakticky všetky tieto opatrenia by mali byť zaistené bezpečnostnými technológiami, ktoré musí správca takejto služby dôkladne ovládať. Rizikom je, že mnohým z nich chýbajú znalosti o možnostiach ochrany dát, ktoré sú uložené mimo „ich“ lokalitu alebo správu organizácie. Medzi najväčšie riziká podľa ENISA patrí: strata ovládania bezpečnosti, závislosť na poskytovateľovi, nebezpečné rozhranie a API, interné útoky, ochrana, strata a únik dát, nedostatočné a neúplné mazanie dát.
Jamato (jap.:大和, angl. Yamato) bola bojová loď triedy Jamato japonského námorníctva. Pomenovaná bola podľa japonskej provincie Jamato. Mala štyri sesterské lode:Musaši, lietadlovú loď Šinano, Projekt 111 a Projekt 797. Celá myšlienka stavby vychádzala z požiadavky postaviť utajene takú silnú loď, aby ju priemyselne silné USA nedokázali v horizonte 3-5 rokov napodobniť. Tým by Japonsko získalo krátkodobo námornú nadvládu.
Boli navrhnuté tri rôzne metódy výkladu Obrany Sokratovej. Prvou je, že toto dielo bolo zamýšľané len ako umelecký výtvor. Tento prístup nie je široko uznávaný a to aj napriek Platónovej povesti umelca.
^ Fotografia objektu. Kliknutím na obrázok sa zobrazí zväčšený náhľad. Nahratím obrázku na Wikimedia Commons sa tento zoznam nijako nezmení, takže v prípade potreby treba upraviť tento zoznam tak, aby sa nahratý obrázok zobrazil aj tu.
V roku 1870 Schliemannovci odišli na severozápad Malej Ázie. Prieskum kopca pri obci Bunarbashi, ktorý bol predtým považovaný za miesto, kde bola Trója, utvrdil Schliemanna vo viere, že táto lokalita nebola správna. Prehľadávanie a bádanie v tejto oblasti s knihou Iliady od Homéra v ruke, ho nakoniec privedie na miesto, kde pred ním pred siedmimi rokmi hľadal amatérsky anglický archeológ Frank Calvert na kopec pri obci Hissarlik, ktorého polovicu Angličan vlastnil. Tvar a umiestnenie tohto kopca bolo priamo na mieste starovekej Tróje, kde ho text knihy uvádzal. Schliemann začal vykopávky v roku 1871 a s prestávkami kopal do roku 1873, kedy nastal prielom v hľadaní – objavil ju. Vykopal jej múry pod sutinami, kde si národ za národom budovali svoje obydlia. Trója sa opäť po tisícročiach vynorila na svetlo sveta. Dňa 14. júna 1873 pri múriku Priamovho domu, ako ho nazval Schliemann, našiel pri vykopávkach Poklad kráľa Priama, ktorý sa stal vyvrcholením jeho hľadania a podľa neho bolo potvrdením umiestnenia Tróje. Tento poklad prepašoval do Grécka a potom, po zaplatení vláde Turecka, požadujúcej návrat nálezov, daroval nálezy do múzea v Berlíne.
Martin Jurčo (* 12. august 1926, Východná – 13. február 1983, Bratislava) bol slovenský psychológ. Zaoberal sa psychológiou vyučovania, rozumovým vývinom dieťaťa, záujmami mládeže a psychodiagnostikou.
Klonovanie – ide o používanie klonovacích technológií pre vytvorenie identických jedincov. Má slúžiť najmä pre potreby medicíny a regeneráciu organizmu.
Roku 1986 Roger dokončil prácu na soundtracku When the Wind Blows a začal pracovať na svojom druhom sólovom albume Radio K. A. O. S.. Gilmour v tom čase začal pracovať na projekte o ktorom verejne hovoril, že by to mohol byť ďalší album skupiny Pink Floyd, alebo aj jeho sólový projekt. V strede roku 1986 sa Steve O’Rourke začal súdiť s Watersom o obnovenie jeho zmluvných nárokov. Týmto nedosiahol nič iné, iba to, že zhoršil vzťahy medzi Watersom a ostatnými členmi skupiny (s ktorými sa Steve v tom čase spojil).
Údolí Prunéřovského potoka je prírodný park v Krušných horách v okrese Chomutov. Chráni hlboko zarezané údolie Prunéřovského potoka s prudkými svahmi a početnými rulovými odkryvmi. Chránené územie vymedzujú približne dediny Nová Ves, Místo, Nová Víska, Volyně a mesto Výsluní.
Štýl je založený na monotónnom 4/4 takte pri tempe od 115 do 135 BPM. Základ skladby typicky vytvára bicí automat (najčastejšie Roland TR-808, Roland TR-909) so zvýrazneným basovým bubnom (slangovo „kopák“, veľký bubon) na každej dobe (celá nota) v takte. Túto zvukovú schému vytvorili DJi (najmä afrického a hispánského pôvodu) začiatkom 80. rokov v mestách New York, Detroit a Chicago upravovaním disco, soulových a funkových skladieb podkreslovaním dynamickým a úderným zvukom typickým pre bicie automaty. Medzi zakladateľov housu patria Marshall Jefferson, Frankie Knuckles, DJ Pierre, Larry Levan, Ron Hardy apod.
Pieter Aertsen (* 1508 – 1509, Amsterdam, Holandsko – † (poch.) 2. jún 1575, Amsterdam, Holandsko) bol holandský maliar. Väčšiu časť života pracoval v Antverpách a Amsterdame. Považuje sa za priekopníka v holandskom a flámskom umení ľudovej maľby a zátiší 17. storočia. Jeho tvorba a štýl bol ovplyvnený benátskou maliarskou školou (Tintoretto).
Vo filme sa stretli s Janom Hřebejkom ešte raz, v televíznom seriáli Bakaláří. Potom hral ešte v niekoľkých rozprávkach Slovenskej televízie ako napr. Lízankové kráľovstvo, O Dúhenke. Momentálne sa venuje fotografovaniu a nepokračuje v hereckej kariére.
Podkylanské kopanice sa spomínajú v roku 1709. Patrili panstvu v Čachticiach (panstvu hrad v roku 1708 vyhorel). V roku 1866 tu mali menší majer aj Zayovci (panstvo z Bučan). Obyvateľstvo sa zaoberalo poľnohospodárstvom a chovom dobytka. Toto ich tradičné remeslo pretrvalo i počas 1. ČSR. Ženy sa venovali náročnému paličkovaniu vzácnych čipiek ešte v polovici 20. storočia.
Historický časopis (častá skratka: HČ) je slovenský karentovaný vedecký časopis odboru histórie, týkajúci sa predovšetkým dejín Slovenska a Strednej Európy. Bol založený v roku 1953 a vychádza v periodicite štyrikrát ročne. Vydáva ho Historický ústav Slovenskej akadémie vied.
Z historicky doložených kráľov z rodu Eurypontovcov sa významnejšie zapísali do dejín králi z ktorých spomeňme vynikajúceho stratéga a vzor spartskej vytrvalosti kráľa Agésilaa II., jeho syna Archidama III. a nesporne významnou osobnosťou bol aj Agis IV., ktorý za snahu o zavedenie sociálnych reforiem v Sparte zaplatil svojim životom.
Aj napriek tomu, že ATL stále písali piesne, začali už nahrávať na ich nový album vo februári 2009 a už o mesiac neskôr nahrávanie dokončili. Hlavný singel albumu, "Weightless", bol vydaný vo februári 2009 a stal sa prvou piesňou kapely, ktorá bola hraná aj vo veľkých rádiách, napríklad vo Veľkej Británii. All Time Low vydali svoj tretí album Nothing Personal v júli 2009.
Do písomností je v 14. – 15. storočí zapisovali ako Garan, od 16. storočia Garany, čo bol maďarizovaný tvar staršieho slovenského názvu Graň. Maďarčina ho zachovala ešte s hláskou g, ktorá sa v slovenčine od 13. storočia zmenila na h.
Pozostatky Schliemanna boli potom prenesené do Atén. Pohrebu sa zúčastnil aj kráľ a dedič trónu Grécka, diplomatický zbor, členovia gréckej vlády a grécki odborníci všetkých vedeckých inštitúcií. Schliemann bol pochovaný na cintoríne v Aténach, kde mu postavili veľké mauzóleum. Široké vlysy medzi podstavcom a budovou znázorňujú na jednej strane obrovské múry, na druhej a tretej strane scény z Iliady a Odysey a na štvrtej Schliemannove vykopávky. Na rímsu nad bustu vpísali Gréci dve slová: ΗΡΩΙ ΣΧΛΙΜΑΝΝΩΙ, Héroovi Schliemanovi.
Dredge-up je perióda vo vývoji hviezdy, kde sa povrchová konvektívna zóna rozširuje nadol do vrstiev s materiálom, v ktorom prebieha nukleosyntéza. Výsledkom je zamiešanie produktov fúzie do vonkajších vrstiev atmosféry hviezdy. Takéto nuklidy sa môžu objaviť v spektre hviezdy.
Contergan, známy aj ako Talidomid je silný teratogén. Liek spôsoboval tzv. fokoméliu, pri ktorej sa nevyvinie stredná časť paže a tak prsty vyrastajú v podstate priamo z ramena, malformácie očí, uší a hluchotu, poruchy srdca a obličiek, malformácie tráviaceho systému . Z veľkého počtu prípadov, ktoré boli dobre zdokumentované, keď matka s určitosťou užívala talidomid v začiatkoch tehotenstva, bolo možné vymedziť spektrum malformácií, ktoré možno pripísať lieku:
Titán je lesklý kov bielej až šedej farby. Teplota topenia je 1 668 °C, teplota varu 3 287 °C. Kryštalizuje v hexagonálnej sústave, nad teplotou 885 °C však prechádza na kubickú sústavu. Ďalšia významná vlastnosť titánu je, že je to prvok s vynikajúcim pomerom pevnosti a hmotnosti. Titán v komerčnej čistote má rovnakú pevnosť v ťahu ako oceľ strednej pevnosti, je však o 43 % ľahší a napriek tomu, že je o 60 % ťažší než hliník, je pevnejší ako hliníkové zliatiny (aj keď presné čísla závisia od konkrétneho zloženia zliatin a spracovania).
Tretí dredge-up nastane po vstupe masívnej hviezdy do asymptotickej vetvy obrov, pričom prebehne héliový záblesk zároveň s horením hélia. Tento dredge-up spôsobuje vystupovanie hélia, uhlíka a produktov s-reakcie na povrch hviezdy. Výsledkom je zvýšenie prebytku uhlíka v pomere ku kyslíku, ktorý môže vytvoriť uhlíkatú hviezdu.
Kláštor Fontevraud je kláštor v obci Fontevraud-l'Abbaye neďaleko Saumuru v historickej časti Francúzska v Anjou (dnešný departement Maine-et-Loire).
Od 70. rokov sídli Konzervatórium v Bratislave v hlavnej budove na Tolstého ulici, vyučuje sa aj v susednej budove na ul. Mateja Bellu a v neďalekej budove na starobylej Konventnej ulici.
1950 Na štíte umiestnili tabuľu s nápisom: „Stalinov štít 2663 m. Z vďačnosti za oslobodenie 21.XII. 1949“. Vážila 46 kg. Zakrátko ju zničili neznámi horolezci.
Edmund Hillary Himaláje navštívil ešte v rokoch 1956, 1960 – 1961 a 1963 – 1965 a zdolal ďalších 10 vrcholov. Ako člen britskej Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition dosiahol 4. januára 1958 južný pól.
V súčasnosti je členom kapely Pražský Výběr II, ktorej frontmanom je skladateľ, spevák a politický aktivista Michael Kocáb. Počas roka 2007 koncertoval s PV II na festivaloch a zúčastňoval sa na všetkých aktivitách, ktoré s kapelou súvisia (práce v štúdiu na ďalších rozpracovaných projektoch, rádia, videoklipy... ). V tomto roku sa na trh dostal album Vymlácený rockový palice a v júni 2008 vyšiel na DVD koncert PRAŽSKÝ VÝBĚR II LIVE, ktorý sa konal 3. 5. 2007 v Tepliciach.
Rok 1869 je rokom rozvodu s jeho prvou manželkou a rokom, keď sa oženil v Grécku so Sofiou Engastroménosovou. (Gr. Σοφία Εγκαστρωμένου 1852 – 1932), ktorá od tej doby sprevádzala svojho manžela na všetkých expedíciách.
Nils Gustaf Dalén (* 30. november 1869, Stenstorp, Švédsko - † 9. december 1937, Štokholm, Švédsko) bol švédsky fyzik, chemik a priemyselník, ktorý sa zaoberal využitím plynov. V roku 1912 dostal Nobelovu cenu za fyziku za svoj vynález súmrakového regulátora pre plynové lampy, ktorý reguloval tok plynu na základe intenzity svetla.
Niektoré chronologické údaje a menoslov kráľov Sparty dynastie Eurypontovcov je v nasledujúcej tabuľke upravený tak, aby súhlasil s údajmi od Pausania.
Sokrates uzatvára túto časť dialógu tým, že porote pripomína, že sa neuchýli k zvyčajným emotívnym činom a argumentom. Nerozplače sa, nenechá predstúpiť svojich troch synov, aby ovplyvnil porotcov. Nebojí sa smrti a nebude ani konať v rozpore so svojou náboženskou povinnosťou. Spolieha sa úplne na dôsledné argumentovanie a pravdu, ktorou prezentuje svoj prípad.
Kubáň (rus. Кубань) je ruská rieka na Severnom Kaukaze. Tečie Krasnodarským, Karačajsko-Čerkeským, Stavropoľským krajom a Agygejskom. Dlhá je 870 km a jej povodie má rozlohu 57 900 km². Pramení pod Elbrusom a vteká do Azovského mora, kde vytvára deltu s rozlohou 4 300 km². Priemerný prietok pri Krasnodare dosahuje 393 m³/s. Ešte v 19. storočí rieka vtekala do Čierneho mora.
Xantia X1 (do 1998) Euro NCAP: ,jedna hviezdička bola odobraná z dôvodu slabej bočnej ochrany. V reakcii na nové testy tak vyšla faceliftová verzia X2.
Song vyšiel prvýkrát ako singel v USA v júni 1965 a bol neskôr v júli toho istého roku vydaný na americkej verzii albumu Rolling Stones s názvom Out of Our Heads. Skladba „(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction“ bola prelomovým hitom, ktorý bol v USA prvým umiestneným na prvej pozícii v rebríčka Billboard Hot 100.
Budova pastoračného centra je pomerne rozsiahlym komplexom priestorovo zoradených do kompaktnej štruktúry, s akceptom na samotnú hmotu kostola. V rámci okolitého rozvoľneného sídliska chce vytvoriť pokojné a jasne definované prostredie. Učebne, fara a administratívne priestory sú zoskupené na pravouhlom pôdoryse tvaru L a tvoria tak vonkajšiu uličnú časť kompozície. V nádvorí je umiestnený oválny chrámový priestor, ktorý je akoby vykrojený zo základnej hmoty celého komplexu a jeho tvar kopíruje zakrivenie vonkajšieho domu. Hmota chrámu je obložená vertikálnymi drevenými lamelami, ktoré umocňujú jeho výnimočné postavenie v rámci celého komplexu. Celok dopĺňa štíhla veža, ktorá znakovo symbolizuje a nadväzuje na vnútornú líniu adoračnej kaplnky a umiestnenie tabernákula.
Rejkistom môže byť len človek, ktorý prešiel naladením energetických centier na prijímanie a ďalšie odovzdávanie energie; iniciácia posilní energetickú vibráciu aury a vedie k zväčšeniu objemu energie daného adepta rejki. Naladzovanie je trojstupňové (niektorí učitelia delia tretí stupeň na dve časti).
Schliemann mal celkom 5 detí. Z prvého neúspešného manželstva s Jekaterinou Lyšinonou mal tri deti: syna, Sergeja (1855 – 1941) a dve dcéry: Natáliu (1859 – 1869) a Nadeždu (1861 – 1935). V druhom manželstve so Sofiou Engastroménosovou mali dve deti: dcéru, Andromaché (1871 – 1962) a syna Agamemnóna (1878 – 1954). Toto manželstvo bolo veľmi úspešné. Sofia obdivovala svojho manžela a podporovala ho vo všetkých jeho plánoch, zúčastnila sa osobne na jeho vykopávkach, kde zdieľala s ním všetky útrapy tejto práce.
Študoval na evanjelickom lýceu v Kežmarku (prof. K. Kuzmány, J. Benedikti), v Ožďanoch, opäť v Kežmarku, roku 1832-1836 teológiu na kolégiu v Prešove, 1841-1843 na univerzitách v Greifswalde a Tübingene. Pôsobil ako vychovávateľ, výpomocný učiteľ, tajomník superintendanta v Tisovci, v roku 1848-1849 žil v Banskej Bystrici, od 26. novembra 1851 do tragickej smrti evanjelický farár v Birde v Rumunsku. Osobnosť slovenského národného obrodenia najmä na východnom Slovensku. Vedúci predstaviteľ Spoločnosti homiletickej v Prešove. Básnickú tvorbu publikoval v almanachoch a kalendároch. Prejavy a iné práce ostali v rukopise.
Rádio Hey! je s počúvanosťou 1,6% desiatou najpočúvanejšou rozhlasovou stanicou na Slovensku podľa prieskumu Market & Media & Lifestyle spoločnosti Median SK (1Q+2Q/2011).
V roku 1970 sa začala výstavba základnej školy a bytovky pre učiteľov. Odovzdané boli 1. 9. 1979. Následne bol v rokoch 1972 – 77 postavený kultúrny dom a v rokoch 1972 – 74 chodníky. V rokoch 1984 – 87 bola obec plynofikovaná a v rokoch 1982 – 85 bol postavený obchodný dom. V rokoch 1987 – 91 bola postavená nová prijímacia budova ČSD a aj preložka štátnej cesty E-18 a výstavba cestného mosta cez Ondavu.
Willstatter obhájil svoj doktorát na Univerzite v Mníchove (1894) za jeho prácu o štrukúru kokainu. Medzitým ako pracoval ako asistent Adolf von Baeyera v Mníchove, pokračoval v skúmaní štruktúry alkaloidov a niekoľko ich syntetizoval. Objasnil štruktúru a ukázal, že krvný pigment Ham nosí štrukturálnu podobnosť ako porfyrín nájdený v chlorofyle. Bol profesorom chémie na Univerzite v Berlíne a riaditeľom Wilhelmovho Inštitútu v Berlíne (1912 – 1916), kde jeho práca spočívala v odhaľovaný štruktúry mnohých pigmentov kvetov a ovocných plodov. Keď bola jeho práca prerušená vojnou, na príkaz Fritza Habera začal pracovať na vývoji plynových masiek.
Frequently Asked Question (FAQ) – Pink Floyd Internet Reference List, Version 3.6 (August 1995), Originally compiled by David Schuetz, Currently maintained by Matt Denault
Barret sa zo zdravotných dôvodov nezúčastnil žiadneho z týchto uvedení. Waters sa zo zdravotných dôvodov nedostavil na uvedenie roku 1996, ocenenie roku 2005 komentoval cez telemost. Gilmour a Mason boli na obidvoch akciách a Wright sa pre operáciu oka nemohol zúčastniť roku 2005.
V roku 1975 absolvoval Stavebnú fakultu Slovenskej vysokej školy technickej v Bratislave (dnešná Slovenská technická univerzita), odbor „Inžinierske konštrukcie a dopravné stavby“. V rokoch 1976 – 1992 projektant dopravných stavieb v Dopravoprojekte, a.s. Bratislava, 1992 – 1994 projektant v ARCONe s. r. o. Bratislava, konateľ, 1994 – 1999 námestník primátora Bratislavy, 1999 – 2002 zástupca starostu Petržalky a od roku 2002 štátny tajomník ministerstva dopravy, pôšt a telekomunikácií.
Symfonický orchester Konzervatória v Bratislave a Zbor Konzervatória v Bratislave sú umelecké telesá študentov Konzervatória v Bratislave, ktoré svojimi vystúpeniami reprezentujú a propagujú európsku hudobnú kultúru a špeciálne slovenskú hudobnú tvorbu a slovenské umelecké školstvo.
Služba by nemala zákazníka zaväzovať dlhodobými zmluvami ani dopredu platenými zálohami. Príkladom môžu byť mesačné platby za transakcie, skladovanie atď.
Samec aj samica sú v dospelosti čisto biele s čiernymi nohami. Zobák je červený s čiernym koreňom a špičkou. Pri koreni zobáka majú čierny hrbolček. Krk držia v tvare oblúka. Mláďatá sú sivé s modrými nohami a so zobákom mäsovej farby. Chýba im čierny hrbolček na koreni zobáka..
Charles Whitney Gilmore (* 11. marec 1874, Pavilion, New York, USA – † 27. september 1945, New York) bol americký paleontológ, ktorý pomenoval veľa severoamerických a mongolských dinosaurov vrátane rodov Alamosaurus, Alectrosaurus, Archaeornithomimus, Bactrosaurus, Brachyceratops, Chirostenotes, Mongolosaurus, Parrosaurus, Pinacosaurus, Styracosaurus a Thescelosaurus.
Nakoniec vraj Waters zaplatil jednému karikaturistovi, a ten namaľoval na 100 roliek toaletného papiera na každý ústrižok jednotlivo Gilmourovu tvár.
Prvým futbalistom roka sa stal v roku 1965 Ján Popluhár zo Slovana Bratislava, neskôr vyhlásený za Futbalistu storočia na Slovensku. Celkove bolo vyhlásených 28 ročníkov ankety, na futbalový trón zasadlo 20 hráčov, najčastejšie triumfoval Ivo Viktor, jeden z najlepších brankárov česko-slovenskej futbalovej histórie. Slovenskí futbalisti si zapísali desať prvenstiev, symbolicky sa stali víťazmi prvého aj posledného ročníka ankety. Najmladším laureátom bol v roku 1969 22-ročný Ladislav Kuna, najstarším víťazom bol Josef Masopust vo veku 35 rokov.
Najstaršie dejiny Sparty sú veľmi málo známe. Z vykopávok sa dá usudzovať, že Sparta bola významným mestom už v mykénskom období. Okolo roku 1200 pred Kr. územie Lakónie dobyli Dóri (predkovia Sparťanov) a pôvodné achájske obyvateľstvo si podrobili.
Prvé plány na výmenu tunajšieho trajektu za most boli navrhnuté už v 60. rokoch ako súčasť projektu na prepojenie Bergenu, Laksevågu, Sotry a Askøyu, v rámci ktorého bol postavený aj most Sotrabrua. V roku 1970 vznikla spoločnosť Askøybrua AS, ktorá mala zabezpečiť financie na výstavbu mosta, ale plánované náklady boli príliš vysoké na to, aby boli pokryté len z mýta. Kvôli tomu a nedostatku diaľnic v západnej časti Bergenu bola výstavba mosta odložená. Výstavba sa nakoniec začala 24. apríla 1989 a ukončená bola o tri roky neskôr. Most bol otvorený 12. decembra 1992 a po dokončení bol jedným z najdlhších mostov v krajine. Finančné náklady na výstavbu mosta zaobstarané vyberaním poplatkov za použitie trajektu medzi rokom 1984 a dokončením mosta činili 400 mil. NOK.
Po pripojení sa do hry ma užívateľ na výber medzi 2 tímami, ku ktorým sa môže pridať. Ide o Ľudí (Humans) a Votrelcov (Aliens), pričom na výber je aj možnosť hru bez akéhokoľvek priameho zásahu do jej priebehu sledovať pridaním sa k tímu pozorovateľov (Spectators), a to buď voľne alebo priamo z pohľadu zvoleného hráča. Počet hráčov v tíme je hrou vyvážený tak, aby rozdiel medzi počtom hráčov v jednotlivých tímoch nebol väčší ako jeden, takže sa môže stať, že jeden z tímov bude z tohto dôvodu dočasne nedostupný, teda až kým sa k tímu druhému nepridá dostatočný počet hráčov, čim sa ich počet vyváži. Odchodom hráčov z ktoréhokoľvek tímu sa však vyváženie stráca, čo je častým problémom hry. Po pripojení sa k jednému z hrajúcich tímov hráč zaháji vlastnú hru. Najprv si musí vybrať medzi počiatočnou výbavou (Ľudia) alebo kastou (Votrelci), podobne ako pred každým znovuzrodením (spawn-nutim). Vždy ide o výber medzi útočnou alebo inžinierskou možnosťou, resp. Rifle/Construction Kit u Ľudí a Dretch/Granger u Votrelcov.
Ian Carey (* 13. september 1975, Maryland, USA) je americký house DJ, hudobník a hudobný producent, ktorý žije v Miami na Floride. Carey robí DJa od roku 1993, a od roku 1998 aj hudobného producenta. V spolupráci s Jasonom Papillonom (DJ Jason Brooks) tvoril dvojicu Soul Providers, pričom ich prvý singel s názvom „Rise“ dosiahol 59. miesto v britskom rebríčku UK Singles Chart.
1868 Prvý spoľahlivo doložený výstup na vrchol. Vykonali ho viedenskí vojenskí mapéri. Vo fľaši na štíte zanechali správu, ktorú tam o šesť rokov objavil Dr. Dezső a zverejnil v tlači. Druhý výstup zakrátko urobil spišský vodca Martin Spitzkopf - Urban s nemeckým turistom, ktorého meno je neznáme.
Vznikajúci TiO2 vytvára intenzívny biely dym, ktorý nie je prakticky toxický. Uvedený jav nachádza využitie v pyrotechnike pri výrobe zadýmovacích granátov, pri vytváraní umelej hmly (napr. pri natáčaní filmov) alebo pri leteckých show.
Dejiny rímskokatolíckej cirkvi v obci sú spojené s farnosťou Nižný Hrušov, ktorej bol Nižný Hrabovec fíliou. Podľa vizitácie z roku 1866 bola v Nižnom Hrabovci evanjelická fara. V roku 1735 prevzali kostol v obci katolíci a bol zasvätený Nanebovstúpeniu Pána. V rokoch 1764 – 69 postavili nový kostol sv. apoštolov Petra a Pavla. V 19. storočí bol kostol opravený a bola k nemu pristavená sakristia. Novým patronom kostola sa stal sv. Štefan, uhorský kráľ a vyznávač. Tento kostol sa prestal používať 1. septembra 1996. V roku 1992 bola začatá výstavba nového kostola, ktorý bol konsekrovaný 1. septembra 1996.
Filozofia obsiahnutá v diele nadväzuje na Konfuciove učenie, ale v určitých záveroch sa od neho líši. Mencius tvrdí, že každý človek sa rodí s vrodeným zmyslom pre dobro a spravodlivosť. Podľa Mencia je človek od svojej prirodzenej podstaty morálna bytosť. Prirodzený sklon k dobru a spravodlivostí u človeka je však oslabovaný negatívnym vplyvom vonkajšieho sveta a skorumpovanej štátnej moci a nedostatkom pozitívneho morálneho príkladu počas vývoja konkrétneho človeka a spoločnosti. Hlavnou snahou človeka podľa Mencia by mal byť návrat k prirodzenej podstate každého človeka, teda k dobru a spravodlivosti. V rámci tejto ideológie Mencius v prípade, že panovník krajiny vládne kruto a nestará sa o verejný záujem ospravedlňuje zvrhnutie a odstránenie takéhoto panovníka silou ľudu. Mencius nezavrhuje monarchiu,odmieta však kráľovskú tyraniu.
Približne v polovici vzdialenosti medzi turistickými rázcestníkmi Pod Celnou a Úbočí sa do Prunéřovského potoka vlieva drobný bezmenný prítok, na ktorom sa nachádza najvyšší vodopád Krušných hôr asi 25 m vysoký Kýšovický vodopád.
„Madona s dieťaťom (Greensleeves)“ - (ľudová pieseň, úprava Juraj Tatár / ľudová pieseň, úprava Daniel Hevier) - album: Svet lásku má (1996),
Joseph Emanuel Fischer von Erlach (tiež Fischer von Erlach mladší; * 13. september 1693, Viedeň, Rakúsko – † 29. jún 1742, tamže) bol rakúsky barokový architekt; syn architekta Johanna Bernharda Fischera von Erlach.
a mnohých textov Dr. Jozefa Kirschbauma, Imricha Kružliaka či Pavla Čarnogurského. Svoradovu sa vo svojej diplomovej práci pod vedením profesora Róberta Letza venoval mladý historik Martin Rázga.
Králi v Sparte boli volení z dvoch kráľovských rodov Agiovcov a Eurypontovcov, medzi ktorými platil striktný zákaz uzatvárať manželstvá. Následníkom kráľa mal byť vždy najbližší príbuzný. Králi podliehali od najstarších čias kontrole. Tou kontrolou bol päťčlenný zbor eforov (dozorcov), ktorí popri iných povinnostiach dozerali aj na vládnutie kráľov. Herodotos napísal, že tento kontrolný inštitút vznikol už v čase legendárneho zákonodarcu Sparty Lykurga, ale Diogenes Laertios nesúhlasí, tvrdí, že to bolo až v dobe spartského filozofa Chilona. (šieste storočie pred Kr.)
Xenofón napísal svoju vlastnú Sokratovu obhajobu, v ktorej uvádza, že písaných správ o obrane Sokratovej bolo niekoľko. Podľa jedného prominentného vedca „Písanie za účelom očistenia Sokratovho mena bolo bez pochýb význačnou črtou desaťročia, ktoré nasledovalo po roku 399 pred Kr.“
Rímskokatolícke pastoračné centrum Kráľovnej rodiny je sakrálna budova na ulici Teplická 2, v Novom Meste v Bratislave. Autormi stavby boli Ľubo Závodný, Matej Siebert a Georg Bliznakov. Projekt bol vytvorený v roku 1997 a realizácia stavby prebiehala v rokoch 1997 až 1999.
Dragoon už predstavuje veľký cieľ, je však aj primerane odolný. Rýchlosťou pohybu patrí k najpomalším kastám Votrelcov, na druhej strane však dokáže svojim špeciálnym skokom (pounce) rýchlo prekonávať veľké vzdialenosti. Lúdia zasiahnutí týmto útokom utrpia vysoké zranenie. Dragoonov základný útok patrí k najsilnejším v hre.
Po vstupe Gilmoura a po Sydovom úpadku sa veľmi rýchlo skupina rozhodla, že dokáže existovať aj bez neho a tak ho jednu noc jednoducho nezobrali so sebou na vystúpenie. V priebehu natáčania druhého albumu A Saucerful of Secrets, odišiel v roku 1968 chorý Barrett zo skupiny. Potom ešte nahral dva sólové albumy (na ktorých spolupracovali aj členovia skupiny) no nedosiahol s nimi nikdy taký úspech a popularitu ako so skladbami pre skupinu The Pink Floyd.
Aithalides alebo Aithalidés (starogr. Αἰθαλίδης – Aithalides/iný prepis Aithalidés) je v gréckej mytológii syn boha Herma a Eupolemeie, dcéry Myrmidóna.
U britskej mládeže začal byť koncom 50. rokov populárny rebelský spôsob života a hudobného prejavu amerických rock and rollových a bluesových hudobníkov, preto postupne začali kombinovať rôzne hudobné žánre, ktoré neskôr v roku 1962 splynuli do tzv. bítového boomu. Výsledkom bol hudobný štýl, ktorý bol známy pod názvom „Merseybeat“, alebo aj bigbít. Dňa 7. februára 1964 vysielala americká televízna stanica CBS vo svojom spravodajskom programe CBS Evening News s Walterom Cronkiteom správu o tom ako skupina The Beatles prišla na územie Spojených štátov. Túto správu korešpondent uviedol slovami: „The British Invasion this time goes by the code name Beatlemania“ („V tejto chvíli je britská invázia s kódovým označením beatlemánia“). Niekoľko dní potom sa skupina prezentovala v programe Ed Sullivan Show, po ktorom nasledovala invázia ich hitov v amerických rebríčkoch, ktorá pretrvala až do rozpadu skupiny v roku 1970. Dňa 4. apríla mala skupina The Beatles hity v najvyššej päťke rebríčku Billboard Hot 100. V nasledujúcich dvoch rokoch sa na vrcholy amerických rebríčkov dostali single ďalších hudobníkov z britských ostrovov ako boli napríklad Chad & Jeremy, Peter and Gordon, The Animals, Manfred Mann, Petula Clark, Freddie and the Dreamers, Wayne Fontana and the Mindbenders, Herman’s Hermits, The Rolling Stones, The Troggs a Donovan. Do vlny britskej invázie 60. rokov sa dostali aj The Who, The Kinks, The Bee Gees, Cream a The Dave Clark Five. Súčasťou britskej invázie v Spojených štátoch boli aj vplyvy spôsobu obliekania, strihu vlasov správania a kultúry mládeže. Vzormi správania a obliekania sa stal aj film The Beatles, A Hard Day’s Night, či ošatenie z butikov na londýnskej Carnaby Street. Anglicko sa v tejto dobe pre americké médiá stalo centrom sveta hudobného diania a odevnej kultúry mladých.
Weblog Radoslava Ondřejíčka si získal za krátky čas na slovenskom internete veľkú popularitu.[chýba zdroj] Príspevky Cynickej obludy uverejňuje na svojej webstránke aj významný slovenský denník SME. Hoci Ondřejíček uviedol, že svoje vtipné komentáre začal robiť pre svoje blízke okolie bez ambície veľkej sledovanosti, stali sa časom fenoménom a dnes majú významné postavenie medzi súčasnou slovenskou (najmä politickou) satirou.
^ Fotografia objektu. Kliknutím na obrázok sa zobrazí zväčšený náhľad. Nahratím obrázku na Wikimedia Commons sa tento zoznam nijako nezmení, takže v prípade potreby treba upraviť tento zoznam tak, aby sa nahratý obrázok zobrazil aj tu.
Začiatkom 80. rokov 20. storočia si oficiálne zmenil krstné meno na „Buzz“, ktoré bolo pôvodne jeho prezývkou z detských čias a ktoré vzniklo skrátením z nesprávnej výslovnosti „buzzer“ (foneticky „baze“) slova „brother“ (t. j. „brat“, výslovnosť „braze“), ako ho vyslovovala jeho sestra.
V roku 1063 totiž zomrel uhorský kráľ Belo I. počas výpravy proti rímskemu kráľovi Henrichovi IV. Po príchode do Uhorska Henrich dosadil na trón Šalamúna ako nového kráľa a Belovi synovia Gejza, Ladislav a Lampert utiekli do Poľska k ich príbuznému Boleslavovi II. Keď Henrich opustil Uhorsko, Boleslav II. na Šalamúna zaútočil, porazil ho a donútil ho akceptovať ho ako uhorského kráľa.
Pramení v Čergove na západnom svahu vrchu Trepeš (911,6 m n. m.) v nadmorskej výške približne 710 m n. m. V pramennej oblasti tečie juhozápadným smerom, následne sa stáča severojužným smerom, pričom vytvára oblúk prehnutý na západ. Potom vstupuje do Spišsko-šarišského medzihoria, do podcelku Ľubotínska pahorkatina, preteká obcou Jakovany a oblúkom sa stáča na severozápad. Napokon priberá pravostranný prítok prameniaci východne od obce Ľutina, stáča sa západným smerom a južne od Ľutiny ústi v nadmorskej výške cca 409 m n. m. do Ľutinky.
S počiatkom vývoja tanku T20 US Ordnance Department vyvinula 3 typy stredných tankov založených na návrhu tanku T20. Typ T20, T22 a T23. Hlavný rozdiel medzi typmi T20, T22 a T23 bol výber prevodovky. Typ T20 využíval prevodovku s hydrodynamickým meničom momentu, typ T22 využíval 5 rýchlostnú mechanickú prevodovku podobnú prevodovke v tanku M4 a typ T23 využíval elektricky riadenú prevodovku. U všetkých modelov bola prevodovka presunutá do zadnej časti tanku, čo skrátilo dĺžku hnacieho hriadeľa. Zlé umiestnenie hnacieho hriadeľa na tankoch typu M3 a M4 malo za následok zvýšenie výšky vozidla vďaka vyššie umiestnenej veži.
Grécky historik Diogenes Laertios vo svojom diele "Životopisy slávnych filozofov" píše aj o živote Pythagora zo Samu. Pythagoras údajne podľa Hérakleida Pontského o sebe hovoril, že bol kedysi na svete ako Aithalides a svojho otca Herma požiadal, aby mu dal takú pamäť, aby si pamätal všetky svoje príhody za života i po smrti. A tak, v živote, ale aj po smrti si túto výnimočnú pamäť uchoval. Po nejakom čase sa potom na svet vrátil ako Euforbos a bol v trójskej vojne smrteľne zranený Menelaom. Keď umrel, jeho duša sa presťahovala do Hermotima. Po smrti Hermotima bol Pyrrhónom a následne sa stal Pythagorom, ktorý si zapamätal všetko čo v minulých životoch prežil.
Reaktor je jedinym zdrojom energie pre ľudské stavby, energetické zbrane a Jet Pack. Bez neho sú ľudia takmer bezbranní, a tak je prioritou obrany základne aj obrana tejto stavby. Všetky ostatné stavby musia byť postavené v jeho blízkosti (či v blízkosti Repeatera) a tie v prípade jeho zničenia prestanu fungovať. Jediná stavba, ktorá si záchova svoju funkčnosť aj v neprítomnosti reaktora je Telenode. Reaktor môže byt naraz postavený len jeden. Zraňuje Votrelcov vo svojej blízkosti.
USA nevenovala medzi dvoma svetovými vojnami takú pozornosť pri vývoji tankov, ako európske štáty. Situácia sa zmenila na začiatku 2. svetovej vojny, keď bolo len otázkou času, kedy sa americké vojská zapoja do vojenského konfliktu. Ale aj tak sa však Američania sústreďovali na vývoj ľahkých tankov (napr. M5 Stuart) a stredných tankov (M3 Lee), ktorých koncepcia bola už v tom období prekonaná. Tieto stroje sa síce vyrovnali starším nemeckým tankom, ale počas vojny museli byť rýchlo nahradzované novými typmi. Po príchode nových nemeckých tankov Panther a Tiger Američania čelili nemeckej kvalitatívnej prevahe nasadením veľkého počtu tankov M4 Sherman. Spojenci tiež ťažili zo svojej veľkej leteckej prevahy, ktorá citeľne oslabovala nemecké tankové jednotky pri nasadení na fronte. Pri invázii v Normandii a následných bojoch však Tigre a Panthery spôsobovali Američanom ťažké straty. V USA sa začalo pracovať na rozpracovanom projekte T26 z roku 1942 a do konca roku 1944 boli vyrobené prvé tanky M26 Pershing.
Kanonická vizitácia z roku 1773 zachytáva prvý priamy údaj o židoch v obci – na území celej farnosti ich bolo 38. V roku 1837 ich bolo 86. Židia si pravdepobobne v prvej polovici 19. storočia v obci postavili modlitebňu, ale tá zanikla čoskoro po 2. svetovej vojne. V obci sa zachoval židovský cintorín.
Pamiatkový úrad Slovenskej republiky (PÚSR) je úrad, ktorého hlavnou úlohou je ochrana pamiatkového fondu Slovenskej republiky. PÚSR sídli v Bratislave, ale má celoštátnu pôsobnosť, spadá pod neho 8 krajských pamiatkových úradov so sídlom v krajských mestách. Generálnou riaditeľkou je Katarína Kosová.
Hlavná votrelecká stavba. Umožňuje Votrelcom zahájiť stavbu ďalších stavieb a prepožičiava im schopnosť vývinu. S výnimkou Vajca musia byt všetky ostatne stavby postavené v jeho blízkosti, a ich funkčnosť je taktiež podmienená jeho existenciou. Overmind automaticky zraňuje Lúdi vo svojej blízkosti a disponuje obmedzenou schopnosťou regenerácie. Overmind môže byt naraz postavený len jeden.
Gilmour v spolupráci s Masonom, Wrightom, Bobom Ezrinom a s ďalšími sa vtedy rozhodli, že to na čom teraz pracujú bude nový album skupiny Pink Floyd. Waters vediac o rozbehnutých projektoch sa rozhodol 31. októbra 1986 dať veci na najvyšší súd.
Volkswagen Group je jediný automobilový výrobca vyrábajúci v súčasnosti motory W16. Vznikli rozšírením koncernového motora W12, ktorý je založený na technológii agregátu šesťvalcového VR motora. Motor W16 bol zavedený s konceptom športového automobilu Bentley Hunaudieres s motorom uprostred, ktoré nikdy nebolo určené pre výrobu (Bentley Motors Limited je súčasťou Volkswagen Group holding od roku 1998). Pohonná jednotka bola neskôr použitá v koncepte vozidla Audi Rosemeyer a malosériovom Bugatti Veyron.
Granero prešiel všetkými mládežníckymi výbermi Španielska, bol v tíme, ktorý vyhral ME vo futbale hráčov do 19 rokov v roku 2006, a hral aj na ME vo futbale hráčov do 21 rokov 2009.
Duša začína na katastrálnom území mesta Strážske, východne od jeho časti Pláne. Odtiaľ tečie prevažne na juh cez poľnohospodársku krajinu. Sprvu tečie súbežne so železničnou traťou č. 191 na pravom brehu a medzi obcami Pusté Čemerné a Voľa priberá prvé prítoky v podobe zavlažovacích kanálov. Následne preteká okrajom obce Nacina Ves, južne od nej podteká spomenutú železničnú trať, z pravej strany priberá Vybúchanec, esovito sa ohýba a z tej istej strany priberá Suchý potok. Vzápätí sa zľava oddeľuje preložka Duša I., ktorá pokračuje na východ, križuje sa s korytom Stredného potoka a na území mesta Michalovce sa postupne stáča na severovýchod. Podteká železničnú trať č. 191 aj cestu I. triedy č. 18, preteká severným okrajom intravilánu mesta, pričom podteká kopec Hrádok na pravom brehu a zároveň oddeľuje mesto od mestskej časti Topoľany na ľavom brehu. SSZ od centra mesta napokon ústi do Laborca.
Odčinenie je obranný mechanizmus voči myšlienke alebo činu, ktorý vyvoláva pocit viny, napr. umytie rúk Pontského Piláta, Lady Macbethovej ap.; snaha odčiniť zlé, napraviť nesprávne konanie.
Munderkingen sa nachádza na švábskej barokovej ceste (Oberschwäbischen Barockstraße), ako aj na Dunajskej cyklistickej ceste (Donauradweg), ktorá vedie z mesta Donaueschingen do Budapešti. Munderkingen je tiež tradičné jadro osláv karnevalu švábsko-alemanský Fasnet (schwäbisch-alemannischen Fastnacht).
Zúčastnil sa švédskej súťaže „Idol“ v roku 2005 (skončil na piatom mieste), vyhral prvú sezónu švédskej verzie súťaže „Let's Dance“. Jeho prvým veľkým hitom bola pieseň „Cara Mia“, s ktorou sa zúčastnil v roku 2007 najprestížnejšej švédskej hudobnej súťaže Melodifestivalen. V rokoch 2011 – 2013 svoju popularitu upevnil ako moderátor populárnej televíznej šou „Allsång på Skansen“.
Útok začal z výšky 6 000 m, z ktorej lietadlá nalietavali na loď a zhadzovali bomby z výšky 500 m dokonca i nižšie. Následne zaútočili torpédonosné stroje. Piloti torpédových bombardérov dostali inštrukcie, aby útočili na prednú a zadnú časť, kde bola slabšia pancierová ochrana a len z jednej strany, aby sa loď prevrátila. Jamato zasiahlo približne 8 bômb a 12 torpéd. O 14:23 sa loď prevrátila a jej muničné sklady explodovali.
Veľkú časť svojho života venoval pomoci šerpom v Nepále prostredníctvom Himalayan Trust, ktorý založil a venoval mu väčšinu svojho času a energie. Podarilo sa mu vybudovať mnoho škôl a nemocníc v tomto vzdialenom himalájskom regióne. Bol tiež čestným prezidentom Americkej himalájskej nadácie, americkej neziskovej organizácie, ktorá sa tiež zaoberá zlepšovaním životného prostredia a životných podmienok v Himalájach.
Motor W16 Volkswagen Group bol postavený pre Bugatti Veyron EB16.4. Je to 16 valcový, štvornásobne preplňovaný motor so štyrmi ventilmi na valec. Motor je 71 cm dlhý a váži približne 400 kg. Maximálny výstupný výkon je 736 kW (1001 koní) pri 6 000 otáčkach za minútu, maximálny krútiaci moment je 1 250 Nm v rozmedzí otáčok 2 200 až 5 500 za min. Poradie zapaľovania valcov na WR-16 je 1-14-9-4-7-12-15-6-13-8-3-16-11-2-5-10.
Roku 1985 pokračoval Roger v svojej koncertnej šnúre a David vložil svoju energiu do spolupráce s inými hudobníkmi. V polovici roku 1985 sa rozhodol Waters zrušiť spoluprácu so Stevem O’Rourkem, ktorý na neho naliehal aby sa pustil do výroby ďalšieho albumu so skupinou Pink Floyd. Od čias keď sa stal Steve manažérom skupiny a skupina nebola oficiálne rozpustená Roger mu bol zmluvne zaviazaný. Ukončenie tejto spolupráce znamenalo pre Steva mať pre projekty skupiny súhlas od Davida a Nicka. David s Nickom zrušenie spolupráce so Stevem nepotvrdili. Roger sa v tom čase rozhodol, že oficiálne odíde od skupiny Pink Floyd, mysliac, že tým vlastne neoficiálne ukončí ich existenciu. V decembri oznámil nahrávacím štúdiám svoj odchod zo skupiny Pink Floyd. Zároveň sa Nick Mason v jeseni 1985 vyjadril, že by chcel znovu koncertovať so skupinou a že by on a David mali záujem o obnovou spolupráce, „že oni nesúhlasia s definitívnym koncom“.
Prvá písomná zmienka pochádza z 12. septembra 1440. Michálkovice boli až do roku 1630 súčasťou Sliezskej Ostravy,ku ktorej sa znovu pripojili v roku 1714. Do polovice 19. storočia sa jednalo o výhradne poľnohospodársku obec. Rozvoj priemyslu v okolí i nález uhlia na jej území zmenil poľnohospodársky ráz dediny. Cisárskym rozhodnutím z 27. januára 1866 sa Michálkovice stali samostatnou obcou. Dňa 1. apríla 1907 boli povýšené na mestečko. Od 1. júla 1941 boli pripojené k Moravskej Ostrave. Od roku 1946 do roku 1960 boli mestským obvodom mesta Ostravy. V rokoch 1961 - 1990 boli súčasťou mestského obvodu Slezská Ostrava.
Ulica Ladislava Sáru je ulica v Bratislave, v mestskej časti Karlova Ves. Je pomenovaná je podľa Ladislava Sáru (1913 – 1945), slovenského pedagóga, rozhlasového hlásateľa a protifašistického bojovníka.
Myšlienky transhumanizmu sa pomerne rýchlo začali presadzovať v praxi. Tieto myšlienky sa začali transformovať do nových odvetví vedy, výskumu a výroby. Medzi hlavné odvetvia transhumanizmu v súčasnej dobe patria:
V roku 1874 začal Schliemann vykopávky v Mykénach a odhalil päť dobre vybavených kráľovských hrobiek s 15. kostrami, o ktorých sa domnieval, že patrili kráľovi Agamemnónovi a jeho spoločníkom. Neskôr sa zistilo, že patrili členom kráľovskej rodiny žijúcej 400 rokov skôr, než bola Trójska vojna. Poklad objavený v Mykénach, vrátane Pokladnice Atrea a Agamemnónovej masky, prekonali dokonca aj nominálnu hodnotu pokladov nájdených Schliemannom v Tróji. Vykopávky v Mykénach pokračovali aj v roku 1876.
Je známe, že erupcie na Slnku ovplyvňujú elektromagnetické prenosy na mnohých pozemských komunikačných zariadeniach, vrátane počítačov, mobilných telefónov, pagerov a automobilov. Môžu sa nachádzať v slnečnej koróne a chromosfére a zohrievať plazmu na desiatky miliónov kelvinov. Produkujú elektromagnetické žiarenie celého elektromagnetického spektra na všetkých vlnových dĺžkach od dlhých rádiových vĺn (vlnová dĺžka 106 cm) po röntgenové žiarenie (vlnová dĺžka okolo 10−9 cm), ojedinele až po gama žiarenie (vlnová dĺžka do 2,10−11 cm).
Predmetom ochrany je: Územie tvorí podmorský zosuv vrezaný do stredno- až vrchnopriabónského flyšu centrálnokarpatského paleogénu. Mohutné pelokarbonátové gule. Jedinečnosť objektu spočíva v unikátnosti príkladu i vo svetovom merítku.
18. novembra 2008 oznámil Zelmerlöw svoj opätovný záujem zúčastniť sa súťaže Melodifestivalen, tentoraz s piesňou „Hope & Glory“. Z druhého semifinále 14. februára 2009 postúpil do finále, ktoré sa konalo 14. marca v Globen aréne. Napriek prvému miestu v hodnotení odbornej poroty sa umiestnil na celkovom štvrtom mieste.
škálovateľnosť – schopnosť zmeny výkonu poskytovaného riešenia; pri nízkom zaťažení využíva iba časť serveru, pri vysokom ich môže využiť viacero; klientovi je potom služba vyúčtovaná podľa využitých zdrojov
Reakcia s esterovým centrom určuje vnútornú aktivitu, t.j. schopnosť vyvolať vlastný biologický efekt, bunkovú odpoveď. Určuje biologickú účinnosť komplexu receptor - liečivo.
Munderkingen je mesto v krajinskom okrese Alb-Donau v spolkovej krajine Bádensko-Württembersko v Nemecku. Mesto má 5 052 obyvateľov a rozlohu 13,08 km².
Po nemeckej ofenzíve v Ardenách sa ukázalo, že americko-britským silám chýba tank, ktorý by odolával tankom Panther a Tiger ale aj Tiger II. Američania preto v roku 1945 poslali do Európy prvých 20 Pershingov, ktoré boli priradené k 3. a 9. tankovej divízii. Ďalších 200 Pershingov prišlo do Európy začiatkom marca. 7. marca 1945 zničil Pershing nemecký Panther počas jazdy vďaka stabilizátoru, čo u nemeckých vojakov vyvolalo údiv.
Branislav Jobus (* 2. apríl 1969, Piešťany), viac známy ako Braňo Jobus, či pod mediálne známou zdrobneninou Branuško, je slovenský spevák, hudobník, spisovateľ a zakladateľ hudobného festivalu Vrbovské vetry.
Nadzemná stonková hľuza vzniká zhrubnutím nadzemnej stonky (napr. reďkovka, kaleráb). Stonkovými hľuzami sú aj zhrubnuté a dužinaté stonky niektorých sukulentov (kaktusy), ktoré vo svojom bohato vyvinutom pletive uchovávajú vodu aj niekoľko mesiacov.
Vrchol Veľkej homole je dostupný po červenej značke od autobusovej zastávky pri Zochovej chate, z Modry po modrej a Pezinku po červenej (alebo neskôr zelenej) turistickej značke.
Popri hlavnom predmete majú študenti spektrum ďalších predmetov rozširujúcich ich hudobné vzdelanie: individuálne predmety (povinný klavír, a i.), skupinové predmety (hudobná teória, sluchová analýza, komorná hra a i.) a kolektívne predmety (slovenský jazyk, dejiny hudby, a i.). Konzervatórium umožňuje aj individuálnu alebo mimoriadnu formu štúdia s upraveným výberom predmetov.
Celý rozsiahly areál kláštora je dokonalou ukážkou stavebného umenia románskej a gotickej doby. Medzi hlavné turistické atrakcie patrí pohrebisko anglických Plantagenetovcov, refektár a spálne. Kláštorný kostol pochádza z doby románskej a sú v ňom dochované stĺpy s vyrezávanými hlavicami. Krížová chodba je renesančná rovnako ako kapitula.
Meyer bol komunistického zmýšľania. Bol obvinený z politickej činnosti na škole a cez prázdniny bol v roku 1930 z Bauhausu okamžite prepustený . Ihneď na to je však povolaný do Moskvy. Sledovala ho rada jeho verných spolupracovníkov. V Moskve vyvíja teoretickú činnosť. Formuluje, ale nepublikuje Trinásť téz marxistickej architektúry, v ktorých stojí : „architektúra už nie je stavebným umením, stavanie sa stalo vedou, architektúra je vedou o stavaní. stavanie nie je vecou citov, ale vedenia. – architekt je organizátorom vied o stavaní.“
V roku 1921 mala obec 165 domov a 845 obyvateľov (349 mužov a 496 žien). 697 obyvateľov bolo národnosti československej, 45 rusínskej, 41 maďarskej, 1 nemeckej a 61 inej. V obci bolo 481 rímskokatolíkov, 259 gréckokatolíkov, 13 evanjelikov, 9 kalvínov a 83 židov.
Inokedy sa termín underground používa na označenie vo svojej dobe pre umelcov, ktorí sa vo svojej dobe nevčleňujú do žiadneho aktuálneho, známeho umeleckého štýlu, alebo hudobného žánru. Undergroundoví hudobníci patrili často ku „kultúrnej spodine“ a väčšinou pôsobili v symbióze s ďalšími umeleckými kategóriami – literatúrou a dramatickým či výtvarným umením.
Po neúrode v roku 1830 postihla v roku 1831 obec cholera. V obci bola od 24. júla do 18. augusta. Zomrelo na ňu 65 ľudí (matrika zomrelých uvádza: rímskokatolíkov 25, gréckokatolíkov 35, kalvínov 1, židov 4). Dramatický nárast úmrtí je zrejmý pri porovnaní s rokom 1830 keď v obci zomrelo celkovo 12 osôb, a taktiež s rokom 1832 keď v obci zomrelo iba 10 ľudí. V roku 1831 to bolo celkovo (teda vrátane tých, ktorí zomreli na choleru) 83 ľudí. Epidémia podnietila na Zemplíne vypuknutie roľníckeho povstania, avšak v Nižnom Hrabovci nie je známa žiadne vystúpenie roľníkov.
Celková dĺžka mosta je 1 057 m a šírka mostovky je 15,5 m, z toho 2 jazdné pruhy majú šírku 4,36 m a šírka pruhu pre cyklistov a chodcov je 3,45 m. Celkovo má most 7 polí, hlavné sa s dĺžkou rozpätia 850 m stalo po dokončení najdlhším v krajine a bolo ním do roku 2013, kedy bol dokončený most Hardangerbrua. Výška mostovky nad hladinou fjordu je 63 m a výška hlavných pylónov je 152 m.
Svoju kariéru začínal v CD San Isidro, odkiaľ v roku 2004 prestúpil do Barcelony. Svoj debut absolvoval v ročníku 2007/08, kedy si ho vybral tréner Rijkaard a Barcelona porazila Real Murcia 4:0.
1998 – stál pri zrode Slovenskej demokratickej koalície. Toto zoskupenie vzniklo pôvodne ako volebná koalícia piatich politických strán - DÚ, KDH, DS, SZS a SDSS. Po účelovej zmene volebného zákona, ktorá znemožňovala kandidovať vo voľbách volebným koalíciám, bola Slovenská demokratická koalícia takisto účelovo pretransformovaná na politickú stranu, ktorej členmi sa stalo 150 poslaneckých kandidátov,
Scharhörn je nemecký ostrov v Helgolandskej zátoke Severného mora. Nachádza sa 4 km severozápadne od ostrova Neuwerk a 15 km severozápadne od mesta Cuxhaven. Zaberá plocha 20 ha a je neobývaný. Je administratívnou súčasťou spolkovej krajiny Hamburg, mestskej časti Neuwerk v rámci mestského okresu Hamburg-Mitte. De facto je enklávou, ktorá je úplne obklopená teritoriálnymi vodami spolkovej krajiny Dolné Sasko.
V okolí obce sa našlo niekoľko kusov štiepanej kamennej industrie, a bolo konštatované, že tento materiál pochádza z rôznych období praveku. Prvá písomná zmienka o území Nižného Hrabovca je v listine z 27. decembra 1254, ktorú vydal Belo IV.. Je tam uvedený aj les s názvom Garboncha (resp. čítané aj ako Gozbontha alebo Gorboucha). Druhýkrát je územie Nižného Hrabovca spomenuté v roku 1357, kedy sa spomína les Garboucha (resp. Garboncha alebo Garbarcha) a potok Garaboucha (resp. Garaboncha). Vznik obce možno datovať medzi roky 1357 (1360) – 1376.
TremX je v podstate opakom Balance modu, poskytuje totiž značne výhody pre tím Votrelcov. Pridáva množstvo nových a nevyvážených kást, napr. Advanced Dretch či Advanced Tyrant. Lúdia majú v tomto móde k dispozícii Biobelt a regeneračný opasok. O vývoj tohoto módu sa stará hráč s prezývkou vcxzet. Server bežiaci s týmto modom ma názov Bricosoft TremX.
Za teamkillera sa môže považovať každý, kto hoci i náhodou zlikviduje členov vlastného tímu. Stáva sa tak hlavne vo väčších stretnutiach, kedy je prehlad o situácii horši, či v prípade ak viacerí hrací sledujú jeden cieľ a nedbajú pritom na ostatných hráčov. V tom horšom prípade ide o teamkilling úmyselný, čo je z hľadiska príčiny aj následku praktika podobná deconningu.
Hypatia alebo Hypatiá (* medzi 350 až 370 – † 415, Alexandria, Egypt) bola grécka filozofka, dcéra matematika a astronóma Thóna z Alexandrie, posledného známeho člena a možno i predstaveného alexandrijskej akadémie. Otec od detstva vštepoval dcére lásku k vedám, záujem o poznanie. Dal Hypátii skvelé vzdelanie. Hypátia slobodne vykladala diela takých známych mysliteľov minulosti ako Platón a Aristoteles. Vo filozofii, ako hovorili súčasníci, prevýšila všetkých svojich predchodcov. Legendárne znalosti, skromnosť a schopnosť verejného prejavu Hypatie rozkvitali v ére Veľkej knižnice v Alexandrii.
Liturgický koncept rímskokatolíckeho centra Kráľovnej rodiny vychádza zo snahy vytvoriť ucelený komplex. Spojovacím bodom všetkých priestorov je meditačná záhrada. Sedenie pre 125 veriacich v kostole je dostredivo usporiadané okolo obetného stola, ktorý spolu s kňazom tvoria ťažisko oválnej hmoty kostola. Osvetlený je hlavne výrazným zhora spusteným svetlíkom. Tento svetlík predstavuje zjednocujúci bod výrazne členeného a zošikmeného stropu priznanými vysokými železobetónovými trámami. Poloha svätostánku je citovaná na fasáde kostola v osovom prepojení s vežou. Na deliacej stene kostola a adoračnej kaplnky je umiestnená krížová cesta, v mieste delenia je umiestený aj tabernákulum. Krstiteľnica sa nachádza vo väzbe na spoločenskú časť. V zadnej vstupnej časti kostola je zádverie opticky a tvarovo previazané šatňou. V tejto časti je i spovedná miestnosť. Gradácia vnútorného priestoru je jednoznačne orientovaná k presbytériu.
Thomas Hunt Morgan (* 25. september 1866, Lexington, Kentucky, USA – † 5. december 1945, Pasadena, Kalifornia) bol americký biológ (zoológ a genetik), zakladateľ chromozómovej teórie dedičnosti (modernej genetiky), ktorá priniesla objav cytologických mechanizmov Mendelových zákonov.
Rejki (v praxi často písané reiki) je tradičná japonská liečebná metóda resp. spôsob relaxácie. Spočíva v uvoľnení zablokovanej „životnej energie“ priložením rúk na 3 až 5 minút na (spravidla oslabené) miesto tela. Ide o jednu z metód energetického liečenia, ktorá vychádza z východných filozofií.
koniec 1949 – návrat do Crocifisso di Savosa, ležiaceho vo švajčiarskom kantóne Lugano, kde sa venoval teoretickým štúdiám a príprave architektonických spisov.
Ludvík Kalma (* 9. október 1941, České Budějovice – † 24. september 1996, Horusice) bol český manažér a riaditeľ niekoľkých podnikov predovšetkým z oblasti automobilového priemyslu. Pôsobil tiež v Združení automobilového priemyslu ako jeho predseda. Bol uznávaným technikom a človekom s veľkou osobnou charizmou.
V tej istej súvislosti píše: „všetok život smeruje ku kyslíku + uhlíku + cukru + škrobu + bielkovinám. všetko stvárnenie je nutné zakotviť v pozemskom živote. stavanie je biologický, nie estetický proces.“ Sprísnil program Bauhausu okolo architektúry a priemyselného dizajnu, čo malo za následok odchod Herberta Bayera, Marcela Breuera a iných.
Voschod 6 (rus. Восход-6) mala byť sovietska vesmírna misia v rámci programu Voschod. Na palube kozmickej lode mali začiatkom roku 1967 vyštartovať dvaja kozmonauti k 15-dňovému letu. Súčasťou letu mal byť aj výstup do otvoreného vesmíru. Misia bola zrušená na jar 1966 po smrti hlavného konštruktéra Sergeja Koroľova.
Neskôr bol Chris Dennis prevelený do cudziny. Niekoľko mesiacov potom opustil skupinu aj jej vtedajší líder, viacej džezovo orientovaný Bob Klose a stal sa fotografom. V skupine sa ako jeho nástupca takmer ihneď presadil v bohémskych pomeroch vychovávaný Syd Barrett. Jeho rodičia, otec Arthur a matka, Winfred, ho už od detstva podporovali v tom aby sa venoval hudbe. Došlo to vtedy tak ďaleko, že Sydove prvé hudobné skupiny mohli skúšať priamo v obývačke ich domu v Cambridge. Syd študoval výtvarné umenie na umeleckej škole Cambridgeshire High School, odkiaľ tesne po otcovej smrti prestúpil na štúdium výtvarného umenia na Cambridge Tech. Na tejto škole sa venoval štúdiu jazykov iný jeho dávny známy, David Gilmour. Syd v tomto období postupne prepadal ľahkým drogám a v spojení s obdivom ku východným vieram, či mystickým, rozprávkovým témam sa táto kombinácia prepájala do jeho predstavivosti a komponovaných diel.
Jej mladšou sestrou je talentovaná poľská profesionálna tenistka Urszula Radwańská (nar. 7. decembra 1990 v Krakove), ktorá vyhrala niekoľko turnajov Grand Slamu v juniorskej kategórii, v konečnom rebríčku ITF v roku 2007 bola klasifikovaná ako juniorská svetová jednotka a stala sa juniorskou majsterkou sveta. Vo Wimbledone 2008 vypadla v druhom kole so Serenou Williamsovou.
Libňatov je obec v Česku v okrese Trutnov v Královohradeckom kraji. 1. januára 2012 tu žilo 366 obyvateľov, z toho 182 mužov a 184 žien, pričom priemerný vek v obci bol 44,0 roka (muži 42,5 roka, ženy 45,5 roka).
Na území prírodného parku sa nachádzajú dve maloplošné zvlášť chránené územia: prírodná pamiatka Kokrháč a prírodná pamiatka Lokalita břízy ojcovské u Volyně (len jedna z dvoch častí).
Keď sa v Ríme dostal k moci jej nepriateľ biskup Kyrill Alexandrijský, ktorý ju nenávidel pre jej slávu, rozum, krásu, pre nezávislosť, pre svet, ktorý dávala svojim žiakom, pre vplyv, ktorý mala na všetkých vzdelaných ľudí, za jej predpoveď učenia proti bohu, zafarbeného prekliatím cirkevného pohanstva, ocitla sa v ohnisku stretov medzi kresťanmi a pohanmi. Ani toto nebezpečenstvo ju však neodradilo od vyučovania.
Hannes Meyer mal dobré úmysly, ale pohybuje sa v nebezpečnej blízkosti vulgárneho materializmu, pretože uvažuje takmer iba na hmotné potreby človeka. V každom prípade tlmočí jeho teórie funkcionalistického poňatia v najrýdzejšej, až do krajnosti prevedenej forme.
Sokratov návrh musel porotcov rozčúliť: ako niekto, kto činil Aténam dobro, chce grátis jedlá v Prytaneu – v jednej z dôležitých budov, kde boli zabávaní víťazní generáli, víťazi olympijských hier a ďalší poprední ľudia.
Hra je postavená na systéme mikro-transakcie, ale s možnosťou získať takmer všetky funkcie hry bez platenia. V hre si za reálne peniaze môžete kúpiť prémiové tanky, lietadlá, inak je hra dostupná kompletne zadarmo. K dispozícii je tiež služba odporúčania, pričom hráči môžu pozvať ľudí do hry, a získať tak bonusy.
Keith Richards hovorí, že keď ho raz uprostred noci napadol gitarový riff k tejto skladbe, vstal nahral ho na magnetofón spolu so slovami „I can't get no satisfaction“ a zaľahol znovu do postele. Neskôr dodal, že výsledná nahrávka bola „dvojminútovým hraním motívu 'Satisfaction' a štyridsiatimi minútami nahrávky jeho chrápania.“ Neskôr v máji 1965 spolu s Jaggerom dokončili skladbu v izbe floridského hotela Clearwater.
Pavlačové domy, Dessau, Nemecko, 1929 – 1930 – Za vedenia školy Hannesom Meyerom obdŕžala stavebná kancelária Bauhausu od mesta Dessau zákazku na rozšírenie sídliska Törten. Malo ísť o kombináciu nízkopodlažnej zástavby a viacpodlažných bytových domov. Nakoniec vzniklo päť bytových domov, z ktorých každý mal 18 bytov prístupných z pavlače. Každý byt sa skladal z obývacej izby, dvoch izieb, kuchyne, kúpeľne a chodbičky a mal dohromady 47 m². Domy boli vybavené centrálnym vykurovaním a rozvodom teplej vody. Byty boli projektované pre potreby štvorčlennej rodiny, čomu odpovedajú početné vstavané pomôcky a detaily (obzvlášť v kuchyni). K dispozícii bola spoločná práčovňa a ku každému bytu patril box na bicykle. Každý dom mal malú predzáhradku. Pavlačové domy boli vymurované z lícových tehál so stropmi z prefabrikovaných železobetónových panelov. Oproti prefabrikovaným stropom boli pavlače tvorené monolitickými železobetónovými vykonzolovanými doskami. V priebehu rokov dochádzalo z dôvodu nedostatočnej ochrany proti chladu k rôznym úpravám a zasklievaniu pavlačí, ako i ku zdvojovaniu dverí a podobne. Zasklené pavlače boli zobytňované nájomníkmi a stavali sa akýmisi spoločnými balkónmi pre susedské aktivity. Pre farbu lícového muriva je týmto bytovým domom miestnymi hovorené „červené bloky“. Na adrese Peterholzstrasse 40 sa nachádza pamiatkarský zrekonštruovaný pavlačový dom z roku 1929, kde je k videniu i pôvodné zariadený byt vrátane pôvodných farebných náterov.
Ako full-text search engine (po slovensky: fulltextový/plnotextový/celotextový prieskumový stroj, fulltextový/plnotextový/celotextový vyhľadávač, fulltextový/plnotextový/celotextový vyhľadávací nástroj ...atď. ako hore) sa označuje search engine, ktorý vykonáva plnotextové vyhľadávanie.
Po pôsobení v regionálnych kapelách získal Richard v roku 1986 na asi štyri roky profesionálny angažmán v kapele Natural. Tú potom vystriedala kapela Buran Prášil, neskôr v roku 1990 kapela Dalibora Jandu. Stretnutie s hudobníkom a skladateľom Milanom Steigerwaldom znamenalo ďalší významný posun v Richardovom profesionálnom raste – na nasledujúcich dvanásť rokov sa stal členom kapely King Size. Hoci kapela zastavila svoju činnosť, existuje až dodnes a Richard spolu so synom v nej hosťujú. Zároveň hosťoval na nahrávkach viacerých popových umelcov – Karla Gotta, Lucie Bílej a Lenky Filipovej. Na tvorbe popového albumu kapely Damiens Nechci zůstat sám sa podieľal spolu s Láďom Křížkom. Za zmienku stojí ocenenie Zlatá doska, ktoré získal práve za účasť na spomínanom projekte. Pôsobil i v mnohých jazzových projektoch, v rámci ktorých spolupracoval napríklad s kapelou Blue Birds saxofonistu Ivana Myslikovjana, saxofonistkou Andreou Kolmanovou (spolu so synom Richardom sa podieľal na jej CD Andrea) a mnohými inými umelcami.
Hlavné koryto Duše pod preložkou Duša I. pokračuje na juh už pod názvom Dolná Duša, sprava priberá sústavu kanálov od obce Suché, viacnásobne sa vlní a zľava priberá Stredný potok. Ďalej podteká štátnu cestu č. 50, obteká obec Pozdišovce na pravom brehu, sprava priberá potok pretekajúci obcou a južne od obce ľavostranný Krásnovský kanál. Následne podteká železničnú trať č. 191, mení smer toku na juhojuhovýchod a z ľavej strany sa oddeľuje Vrbnická preložka Duše. Tá pokračuje napriameným korytom na východ, jej koryto najprv križuje kanál vznikajúci juhozápadne od obce Krásnovce, potom tečie severne od obce Vrbnica, kde zľava priberá kanál od obce Šamudovce a ďalej jej koryto križujú Budkovský a Sliepkovský kanál. Juhovýchodne od obce Lastomír sa vlieva do Laborca.
Tyler Hynes žije v Kanade so svojimi rodičmi a bratom Brandonom, s ktorým účinkuje v rapovej/hiphopovej skupine All Logic. Aktivizuje sa ako hovorca National Canadian Youth pre Youth for Human Rights. Niektoré zdroje hovoria, že sa narodil a bol vychovávaný ako scientologista. Je nadšený skateboardista a má psa menom Taffy. Jeho stredné meno je Jeffery.
USS Defiant (NX-74205) je fiktívna loď z rovnako pomenovanej triedy lodí, ktorú dostal k dispozícii komandér Benjamin Sisko, veliteľ stanice Deep Space Nine v tretej sérii sci-fi seriálu Star Trek: Deep Space Nine. Už od svojej prvej misie, prieskumnej výpravy do Kvadrantu Gama, bol Defiant vybavený romulánskym maskovacím zariadením, ktoré Romuláni Spojenej federácii planét poskytli výmenou za získané informácie. Neskôr zišlo z toho, že by ho Federácia musela vrátiť.
V súčasnosti sa pri priemyslovej výrobe titánu používa predovšetkým tzv. Krollovv proces. Pritom sa najprv pyrolýzou ilmenitu alebo rutilu s uhlíkom a chlórom získava chlorid titaničitý TiCl4. Po prečistení sa jeho pary redukujú horčíkom v inertnej argónovej atmosfére pri teplote okolo 800 °C.
IPCC nevykonáva žiaden originálny výskum, nemonitoruje samotnú klímu a iné prírodné fenomény, ktoré s klímou súvisia. Činnosť IPCC spočíva hlavne v publikovaní špeciálnych správ, ktoré boli napríklad relevantné pre implementáciu Rámcovej dohody OSN o klimatických zmenách (UNFCCC), čo je medzinárodná dohoda, ktorá uznáva možnosť nepriaznivého dopadu klimatických zmien. UNFCC nakoniec viedla k prijatiu Kjótskeho protokolu.
Fenol poskytuje okrem elektrofilných substitučných reakcií na aromatickom jadre aj reakcie prebiehajúce na hydroxylovej skupine (napr. esterifikácia, tvorba alkalických fenolátov):
Výraznou dominantou dolnej časti údolia je zrúcanina hradu Hasištejn. Z ďalších kultúrnych pamiatok sa na území parku nachádza kostol sv. Václava s radom drobných pamiatok vo Výsluní.
Zbojnícke veže (najvyššia má vyše 2 380 m n. m) sú tri veže v hlavnom hrebeni Tatier. Hoci sú trochu schované za mohutnou Širokou vežou, vidno ich na zostupe z Priečneho sedla. Presnejší údaj o nadmorskej výške sprievodcovia (Puškáš, Kroutil) neuvádzajú.
Fonolit má monumentálnu stĺpcovitú odlučnosť s až 100 m vysokými skalnými stenami. Mrazovým zvetrávaním vznikli skalné ihly, veže, stĺpy, puklinové jaskyne a ďalšie útvary. Svahy pokrývajú kamenohlinité sute a suťové polia.
„Vianočná hviezda (The First Noël)“ - (ľudová pieseň, úprava Juraj Tatár / ľudová pieseň, úprava Daniel Hevier) - album: Svet lásku má (1996),
Mike Dunham (* 1. jún 1972) je bývalý americký hokejový brankár, ktorý naposledy chytal za klub New York Islanders v NHL. Dunham reprezentoval USA na Zimných olympijských hrách 2002 v Salt Lake City, kde získal striebornú medailu.
Hlavná postava - Mojžiš - je tu zachytená v udalostiach a scénach z rôznych čias. Scény vychádzajú z knihy Exodus (druhej knihy Mojžišovej). Vpravo dole Mojžiš zabíja Egypťana, ktorý udrel Izraelčana; nad touto scénou uteká, pretože sa dozvedel, že vražda, ktorú spáchal, je odhalená. V strede zaháňa pastierov, ktorí bránili Jethrovým dcéram napojiť stáda a sám vyťahuje vodu zo studne.
1875 Prvovýstup Batizovským žľabom cez Batizovskú próbu. Cestu objavili a prešli horskí vodcovia zo Štôly Ján Ruman Driečny ml. a Ján Pastrnák.
Predpokladá sa, že pôsobil na viacerých miestach mimo Uhorska. Odpisoval predovšetkým cirkevné právne diela. Roku 1424 odpísal dva exempláre spisu Summa legum Raimundi z oblasti kanonistického práva. Zachované v Univerzitnej knižnici v Lipsku, druhý v Kráľovskej knižnici v Berlíne, tretí exemplár jeho odpisu tohto diela z roku 1426 sa dostal do zbierok Britského múzea v Londýne.
K flotile sa pripojila v júni 1944 a zúčastnila sa na bitky o Filipíny. V októbri bola súčasťou síl v bitke pri zálive Lyete, počas ktorej po prvýkrát použila svoje hlavné delostrelectvo kalibru 460 mm a to ako proti lietadlám (Japonci vyvinuli protilietadlové strely kalibru 460 mm), tak i proti lodiam protivníka. Vôbec po prvýkrát, a zároveň naposledy bolo hlavné delostrelectvo použité na boj proti plavidlám protivníka. Vystrelených bolo 104 projektilov 460 mm. Počas tohto delostrelecko leteckého súboja bola potopená jedna americká eskortná lietadlová loď a jeden torpédoborec. Počas útoku lietadiel zasiahli Jamato dve bomby a spôsobili menšie škody. Naproti tomu jej sesterská loď Musaši bola ťažiskom leteckého útoku z lietadlových lodí, a bola potopená. Jamato následne "degradoval" na sprievodné plavidlo, keď sprevádzal lode na Samar (Filipíny), ktoré vyvrcholilo torpédovaním americkým torpédoborcom USS Heermann. V novembri 1944 sa vrátil na prezbrojenie do Japonska, kde mu boli pridané počas zimy 1944 – 45 ďalšie protilietadlové zbrane. 19. marca 1945 bol Jamato napadnutý vo Vnútornom mori lietadlami skupiny lietadlových lodí Task Force 58 pri Kure, ktoré mu spôsobili menšie škody.
Medzi tvorcov z Tin Pan Alley patria Irving Caesar, Hoagy Carmichael, Walter Donaldson, Al Dubin, George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin, Buddy DeSylva, Cole Porter, Fats Waler, Gus Kahn, Irving Berlin, Shelton Brooks, Ted Snyder a ďalší.
Štúdium je podmienené zložením prijímacích skúšok v marci, na ktorých sa overí rozvojaschopnosť talentu, psychické a fyzické predpoklady na štúdium. Uchádzači sú podrobení skúškam z hlavného predmetu, testom z hudobnej teórie, intonácie, rytmu, slovenského jazyka a z povinného klavíra. V rámci prípravy na skúšky sa môžu uchádzači informovať a vyskúšať si, ako budú skúšky prebiehať, na metodických dňoch, trikrát do roka.
V máji 1943, bola na jednotke prevedená rozsiahla rekonštrukcia a prezbrojenie, keď boli dve veže sekundárneho 155 mm delostrelectva na bokoch plavidla odobraté a namiesto nich boli pridané 25 mm kanóny. Pridaný bol radar Typ-22. Prestavba bola dokončená v decembri. Následne sa presunul na ostrov Truk, pričom po ceste bola jednotka torpédovaná ponorkou USS Skate. Rekonštrukcia následne pokračovala v apríli 1944, kedy bolo pridaných šesť stanovíšť s dvojhlavňovými 127 mm kanónmi na miesto po 155 mm vežiach a pridané ďalšie 25 mm pritilietadlové kanóny.
Po roku 1989 boli zrušené MNV a namiesto nich boli zriadené obecné úrady. V roku 1990 boli následne voľby do obecnej samosprávy. Za starostu bol v týchto prvých demokratických komunálnych voľbách zvolený Juraj Minarčin.
Andrej Dobrota (* 16. marec 1905, Banská Bystrica – † 1. január 1987, Slovensko) bol spisovateľ. Pseudonym: A. D. Pršanský, Ajda, Andrej Hladký, Ivan Hájničan, Vladimír E. Dobrota
V marci 1967 vydali Floydi singel „Arnold Layne“. Týmto singlom prešli z undergroundu do rebríčkov popularity. Pieseň dosiahla v britských hitparádach 20. miesto a stala sa hranou v národných rádiách. Po nej nasledoval singel „See Emily Play“, ktorý v rebríčkoch zostal na 6. mieste počas siedmich týždňov.
Vzhľadom na to, že vzdialenosti galaxií sú v porovnaní s ich priemermi relatívne malé, často dochádza ku kolíziám galaxií. Dve alebo viacero galaxií sa môže zraziť a splynúť do jednej galaxie. Predpokladá sa, že viaceré veľké galaxie vznikli splynutím menších galaxií. Tento jav sa nazýva galaktický kanibalizmus. Výsledná galaxia časom niekedy opäť zaujme pravidelný tvar. Pokiaľ sa tak stane, už ju nezaraďujeme k interagujúcim galaxiám. Príkladom je galaxia Androméda, ktorá pravdepodobne v dávnej minulosti vznikla spojením minimálne dvoch galaxií, ale v súčasnosti má opäť špirálový tvar a jedinou stopou po zrážke je jej dvojité jadro. Nie vždy po kolízii však musí dôjsť k splynutiu, niekedy galaxie pokračujú vo svojich dráhach, ale gravitačne sa navzájom zdeformujú. Deformácie môžu byť rôzne, najčastejšie ide o vytrhnutie úzkeho chvostu hviezd z jednej alebo z obidvoch galaxií. V každom prípade kolízia galaxií spustí v galaxiách búrlivú tvorbu hviezd.
Rok jej narodenia nie je známy, pripadá do obdobia medzi rokmi 350/370, presnejšie snáď okolo roku 355 alebo 360. Niektorí autori špekulatívne považujú skorší dátum v rámci uvedeného rozmedzia za pravdepodobnejší napr. už len s ohľadom na relatívne presne doložený rok narodenia Hypatiinho najznámejšieho žiaka Synesia, pričom len to, že bola staršia by podľa ich názoru mohlo vysvetľovať mieru rešpektu a obdivu, ktorú jej preukazoval.
Po uplynutí nejakého času sa Hypátia stala pohanskou mučeníčkou a uctievali ju tak, ako kresťania uctievajú svojich nespočetných mučeníkov a svätých. Dve náboženstvá akoby sa pomerili a stretli v obraze – spôsoboch tejto neobyčajnej ženy, tragický osud ktorej do dnešných dní nemôže nechať na pokoji, ľahostajným ani jedného človeka.
23. júna 2011 bol vymenovaný do funkcie generálneho riaditeľa a predsedu predstavenstva Národnej diaľničnej spoločnosti, a. s. (NDS). Vo funkcii nahradil Alana Sitára, ktorý bol ministrom Jánom Figľom odvolaný pre sporné obstarávania. Kotulič bol ako podpredseda predstavenstva poverený riadením spoločnosti až do vyhratia konkurzu a svojho menovania.
Nekovy sú jednou z troch skupín chemických prvkov spolu s kovmi a polokovmi. Ako kritérium na rozdelenie do týchto skupín slúžia väzbové a ionizačné vlastnosti. Nekovy majú vysokú ionizačnú energiu, čo znamená, že ich valenčné elektróny sú pevne pripútané k atómu.
Po ich odchode Waters do skupiny priviedol gitaristov Boba Kloseho, Syda Barretta a sólového speváka Chrisa Dennisa. Bob Klose bol kvalitný hlavne jazzový gitarista, Chris Denis, ktorý pracoval ako zubný technik na základni Royal Air Force v Northolte a mal skúsenosti s vystupovaním so známejšími skupinami vtedajšej hudobnej scény v Cambridge. Po odchode Metcalfa Roger Waters začal hrať v skupine na basovú gitaru. Skupina si v tomto čase dala nový názov Tea Set, alebo aj skrátene T-Set.
Spolková škola ADGB, Bernau pri Berlíne, Nemecko, 1928 – 1930 – budova vzišla zo súťaže. Komplex internátneho učilišťa pre dospelých odborárov riešil tak, aby sa zblížili s novými formami bývania a aby účasť na kurze nebola len intelektuálnym ziskom, ale taktiež fyzickým osviežením. Rozvrh budovy je na prvý pohľad daný účelnosťou, nie formálnymi hľadiskami. Stredom asymetrického komplexu je takmer kubická hmota spoločenského domu s jedálňou a aulou. Na jeho južnej strane sú napojené štyri stupňovito radené rodinné domy učiteľov. Na jeho severovýchodnú stranu nadväzuje päť odstupňovaných internátnych krídiel, ukončených kolmo napojenou školou a telocvičňou. Estetický pôsobiaci súbor bol navrhnutý prísne účelovo, bez sebamenších formálnych zámerov. Škola bola financovaná zbierkou odborového zväzu. Každý z jeho 4,5 milióna členov venoval na stavbu pol marky.
Ríšsky snem (po latinsky Dieta Imperii alebo Comitium Imperiale; po nemecky Reichstag) bol snem alebo všeobecné zhromaždenie tzv. ríšskych stavov Rímsko-nemeckej ríše. Vznikol zo skorších neformálnych a nepravidelných zhromaždení, ktoré sa nazývali Hoftage.
Kódy ISO 3166-2 pre Džibutsko identifikujú 6 dištriktov. Prvá časť (DJ) je medzinárodný kód pre Džibutsko, druhá časť pozostáva z dvoch písmen identifikujúcich dištrikt.
V roku 1929-1930 študoval na učiteľskom ústave v Banskej Bystrici, 1948-1951 na VŠE v Bratislave. Po učiteľskom pôsobení od roku 1942 príslušník slovenskej armády a ČSĽA. Počas 2. svetovej vojny príslušník 1. čs. armádneho zboru, účastník bojov v karpatsko-duklianskej operácii a pri oslobodzovaní Slovenska. Prednosta odd. na posádkovom veliteľstve, neskôr pedagóg na SEŠ v Bratislave. Spoluautor učebníc hospodárskych počtov pre stredné ekonomické školy.
Pre zaujímavosť je možné uviesť, že v 50. a 60. rokoch minulého storočia bola výroba kovového titánu sústredená prakticky len v Sovietskom zväze. Postup výroby bol prísne utajovaný a titán bol v prebiehajúcej Studenej vojne považovaný za jednu zo základných strategických surovín. Až neskôr bol výrobný postup špionážne odhalený a postúpený do západnej Európy a USA.
Pink Floyd (už bez The) začali produkovať albumy A Saucerful of Secrets, Ummagumma, Atom Heart Mother, k barretovskej ére sa vrátili výberovkou Relics, a niekoľko soundtrackov k filmom (More, Obscured by Clouds, Zabriskie Point...).
Jagger neskôr dodáva: „Spočiatku táto pieseň znela skôr ako folková skladba, Keith ju nemal bohvieako v láske, nechcel aby bol z nej vydaný singel, myslím, že Keith ju považoval za príliš jednoduchú. Nemyslím, že by si ju vtedy bol poriadne vypočul. Považoval ju iba za jeden z bláznivých gitarových riffov.“ Jagger ďalej taktiež poukazuje na to, že hlavný motív textu pripomína slová z piesne „30 Days“ od Chucka Berryho (V skutočnosti v Berryho texte je „I don't get no satisfaction from the judge“).
Škola bola otvorená 6. novembra 1919, s cieľom "Vychovať Slovensku umelcov a učiteľov hudby, a pomáhať tvoriť Slovensku samostatnú hudbu." (zakladateľ a prvý správca konzervatória Miloš Ruppeldt). Pôvodne mala len sláčikové, klavírne, dychové a spevácke oddelenie. Počas svojej existencie škola zriadila viacero nových oddelení a vymenila viacero názvov (1919 "Hudobná škola pre Slovensko", 1928 "Hudobná a dramatická akadémia", 1941 "Štátne konzervatórium v Bratislave", 1960 "Konzervatórium", 2002 "Konzervatórium v Bratislave").
S odmietnutím štandardizácie M27, Ordnance Department pokračovalo vo vývoji nových návrhov tankov s 90 mm kanónmi. Výsledkom tohto snaženia bol vývoj série tankov T25 a T26, čo boli odvodeniny a vylepšené základy tankov T23. Návrh T26 bol neskôr vylepšený na T26E3 a štandardizovaný ako M26 Pershing, ktorý bol neskôr ku koncu vojny vyslaný do služby.
Ako online search engine (po slovensky: online prieskumový stroj, online vyhľadávač, online vyhľadávací nástroj... atď. ako hore) sa označuje search engine, pri ktorého výkone činnosti dochádza k výmene dát v rámci nejakej počítačovej siete, najčastejšie to je internet search engine.
V období októbra 1957 až novembra 1961 užívalo medikament asi 5 miliónov ľudí, v 300 miliónoch denných dávok po 100 mg. Len v Spolkovej republike Nemecko (Bundesrepublik Deutschland) prijímalo liek pravidelne okolo 70 tisíc osôb. Až na začiatku roku 1961 boli prijaté prvé informácie v dôsledku dlhodobého užívania lieku, a to symptómy dráždivého svrbenie na končatinách - senzitívne polyneuritíde. Nasledovalo obmedzenie výdavky lieku len na lekársky predpis.
Anna Christiane Schulze: Die Rolle Widukind Lenz' bei der Aufdeckung der teratogenen Wirkung von Thalidomid (Contergan): medizinhistorische Betrachtung über die Bedeutung einer Einzelperson im größten deutschen Arzneimittelskandal. Frankfurt (Main) 2016, DNB 1112557415 (Dissertation).
3. stupeň - majster obsahuje tak 3a, ako aj 3b. Len niektorí majstri tento stupeň delia. Adept rejki má teraz oveľa väčšie možnosti liečiť. Je schopný aj vhodne upraviť predmety určené na liečenie:
Chlorid titaničitý TiCl4 je bezfarebná kvapalina s bodom varu 137 °C. Je základným medziproduktom pri príprave čistého titánu Krollovým procesom. Pri kontakte s atmosférickou vlhkosťou dochádza k jeho postupnej hydrolýze podľa rovnice:
výkon – databáza nie je hostovaná lokálne, v závislosti od dodávateľa možno získať vlastné overovanie dát, čo zaistí presnosť informácií. Databáza sa dá ľahko vytvárať a spravovať.
Kráľ Temenos bol okrem neho otcom synov Keisa, Keryna, Falka, Agelaa, Eurypyla, Kallia, Isthmia, Klyta a dcéry Hyrnétho.Keďže funkciou veliteľa vojsk v Argu Temenos nemenoval ani jedného zo svojich synov, ale uprednostnil Déifonta, manžela svojej dcéry Hyrnethy, synovia zosnovali proti nemu sprisahanie a zosadili ho.(podľa inej verzie ho dali zavraždiť) Vlády v Argu sa potom zmocnil Temenov najstarší syn Keisos.
"Nikoho som sa nepýtal pri prijatí do ústavu, do akej strany patrí. Mali sme tam československých lidákov v hojnom počte, agrárnikov menej, ba aj Čechov a v menšom počte aj socialistov".
„Hypátia s rozumom Atény, postavou Héry, krásou Afrodity“ bola poslednou hviezdou antiky, svietiacou svojím prenikavým svetlom na uhasínajúcej oblohe.
1923 Počas prvého horolezeckého týždňa JAMES František Lipták a M. Mlynarčík prvý raz vystúpili na najvyššiu, štvrtú, vežu a pomenovali ju Veža JAMES.
Týmto pojmom sa zväčša označuje nelogické, predovšetkým úmyselne zbúranie užitočných stavieb. S týmto problémom sa hráčska komunita stýka pravidelne, často v podobe jedného hráča či skupiny hráčov, ktorí schválne zničia všetky vlastne stavby, títo sa označujú za deconners. Často tak robia pre vlastne potešenie, znechutenie z priebehu hry či pre získanie pozornosti. Väčšina veľkých serverov ma prostriedky na riešenie tohoto problému pomocou správcov (admins), ktorý môžu deconnerov z hry vykopnúť, zakázať im vstup (ban) či nepovoliť im stavbu (konzolové príkazy !denybuild a !designate).
Nepriame parasympatomimetiká ako fyzistigmín, rivastigmín, pyridostigmín alebo neostigmín inhibujú enzým cholínesterázu a tým rozklad acetylcholínu. Sú používané napríklad v skorých štádiách Alzheimerovej choroby - antidementíva.Sú to látky na báze
Všetci Votrelci su bez výnimky šestnohí arachnidi. Nemajú prístup k žiadnej technológií, no majú možnosť vyvinúť sa na vyššie formy/kasty. Ich schopnosť spolupracovať v tíme je obmedzená ich veľkostou, strategicky rozmiestnení a opatrní Vorelci však dokážu vytvoriť rovnako dobrý tím ako úzko spolupracujúci tím Lúdi. Na rozdiel od lúdi môžu svoje stavby umiestniť aj na šikmé plochy. Všetky votrelecké stavby a kasty taktiež disponujú schopnostou regeneracie, ktorá sa po uspešnom nepriateľskom útoku ruší, znova sa však uvedie do chodu po uplynutí časového limitu 2 sekúnd po poslednom nepriateľskom údere. Všetky formy Votrelcov majú k dispozícii radar, ktorým dôkazu vo svojej blízkosti rozoznať prítomnosť Lúdi či ľudských budov.
Stojí tiež za myšlienkou hudobného festivalu Vrbovské vetry, ktorý spoluorganizuje s hudobníkmi Whiskym (Slobodná Európa) a Martinom Višňovským (Chiki liki tu-a). Dôvodom pre vytvorenie festivalu bola zmena vedenia festivalu Hodokvas a jeho smerovanie, kvôli ktorému sa Jobusovým skupinám nedostalo pozvania: „My sme mali chuť hrať tak som si povedal: Urobíme si vlastný festival kde si zahráme kedy my chceme, skupín máme svojich dosť a nebudeme čakať či sa rozhodnú iní nás pozvať.“ Prvý ročník festivalu sa konal v roku 2007.
Search engine (do slovenčine prekladané ako: prieskumový stroj, vyhľadávač, vyhľadávací nástroj, vyhľadávací prostriedok, vyhľadávací stroj, vyhľadávacia služba, vyhľadávací program, v bežnom jazyku len vyhľadávač) je počítačový systém či program, ktorý umožňuje používateľovi zadať nejaký ľubovoľný alebo špecifikovaný vyhľadávaný výraz a dostať z veľkého objemu dát (napr. v domácom počítači alebo na internete) informácie, ktoré sú v súlade s týmto dopytom (napr. informácie, ktoré obsahujú to, čo je hľadané, alebo ktoré súvisia s tým, čo je hľadané). Ako search engine sa označujú aj webové stránky, ktorých hlavnou funkciou je poskytovanie takéhoto systému či programu. Termín search engine v užšom zmysle nezahŕňa metasearch engines, v širšom zmysle ich zahŕňa.
Prorokuje, že mladší a drsnejší kritici ho budú nasledovať a podrobovať Aténčanov ešte detailnejšiemu skúmaniu ich životov. Tých, ktorí hlasovali za jeho oslobodenie, Sokrates povzbudzuje: Hovorí, že jeho „daimon“ (vnútorný hlas) ho nezastavil vo vedení obhajoby takým štýlom, akým ju robil, čo je znak toho, že činil správne. Ako dôsledok z toho vyplýva, že smrť musí byť požehnaním. Buď je zničením (prinášajúc tak večný pokoj od všetkých starostí a preto nie je ničím, čoho by sa bolo treba obávať) alebo prechodom na iné miesto, kde stretneme duše slávnych ľudí ako Hesiodos a Homér a hrdinov ako Odyseus. S týmito môže Sokrates pokračovať vo svojom poslaní.
Do erbu bol preto zaradený štylizovaný hrab. Zvlnený pás vyjadruje potok Hrabovec tečúci cez obec. Tým sa erb zaraďuje medzi tzv. hovoriace erby. Ideový a grafický návrh vytvoril Ján Kizling.
Postupom času sa ukázalo, že v skutočnosti tieto nálezy pochádzajú z iného obdobia, než v ktorom žili Helena a Agamemnón, názov tohto nálezu však zostal.
Objavením súvislosti génov s vnútrobunkovými procesmi - delením bunky, gametogenézou a oplodňovaním položil Morgan základy učenia o genetickej determinácii vývoja organizmov.
Hra prebieha kontinuálne, bez rozdelenia na kolá či iné časové jednotky, až do uplynutia vopred nastaveného časového limitu. Väčšina serverov ma takisto nastavenú „Náhlu Smrť“ (Sudden Death, „ŠD“), čo je zmena podmienok hry nastavajúca prevažne niekoľko minút pred uplynutím časového limitu. Čas začatia tejto zmeny ako aj jej dôsledky sú predmetom častých diskusii, v základnej verzii sa však ŠD spusti 10 minút pred uplynutím časového limitu mapy a počas jej trvania tím Ľudí nie je schopný ďalej svoju základňu rozširovať o nové stavby, oprava už postavených stavieb je však povolená. Tímu Votrelcov sa počas ŠD žiadne špeciálne zmeny netykajú.
Self-Monitoring, Analysis, and Reporting Technology alebo S.M.A.R.T. je monitorovací systém pevných diskov, ktorý deteguje a posiela správy o rôznych ukazovateľoch spoľahlivosti v snahe predvídať zlyhania.
Xantia turbo mala plne hydropneumatické odpruženie, oproti modelu BX vylepšené o vyšší zdvih a reguláciu tlmenia priamo z kabíny. Výška vozidla bola nastaviteľná po milimetrových krokoch nezávisle pre prednú a zadnú nápravu. Motor bol priečne uložený preplňovaný štvorvalec T16 o výkone 525 koní, pri plniacom tlaku 2,5 bar alebo 600 koní pri plniacom tlaku 3 bar. Konštantný krútiaci moment 700 Nm, bol dostupný v rozsahu 3 500 až 8 600 ot./min. Rovnaký motor T16 bol použitý aj v modeloch ZX Rally Raid a Peugeote 405 T16 Pikes Peak.
Obraznosť frazémy alebo prenesenosť významu alebo metaforickosť frazémy alebo figuratívnosť frazémy je jedna z vlastností významu frazémy, ktorá sa najčastejšie radí medzi podstatné vlastnosti, niekedy sa pokladá priamo za východisko každej frazeologizácie (takto napr. F. Miko) a inokedy sa zaraďuje medzi fakultatívne, nie univerzálne ani obligátne znaky frazémy (takto napr. V. M. Mokijenko). Pri hocijakom z uvedených hodnotení je to jedna z najpregnantnejších vlastností frazémy, ktorá vzniká ako dôsledok desémantizácie slov, ktoré sa stávajú komponentmi frazémy. Keďže desémantizácia komponentov býva úplná aj čiastočne (a v dôsledku toho aj frazeologizácia spojenia môže byť úplná aj čiastočná), treba aj pri obraznosti vydeľovať celú skupinu prípadov, od výrazov s úplnou obraznosťou (p. frazeologické zrasty a celky) až po spojenia s minimálnymi významovými zmenami. Práve takýto dynamický pohľad na obraznosť prekleňuje spomínané rozdielne hodnotenie tejto vlastnosti pri vymedzovaní frazémy. Predovšetkým pre nevýraznosť obraznosti istých frazém niektoré teórie nepoužívajú ani jeden z uvedených názvov tejto vlastnosti a hovoria o sémantickej transpozícii frazémy. Prípady s veľmi výraznou obraznosťou, ktorá sa najčastejšie uplatnila ustálením aktuálnych básnických metafor, sa označuje ako poetická obraznosť frazémy. Význam frazémy, ktorý vznikol uplatnením obraznosti, resp. spomínanou sémantickou transpozíciou, sa nazýva prenesený význam frazémy.
Platné mince, ktoré sa dnes v Thajsku používajú, sa razia v nominálnych hodnotách 1, 5, 10, 25, 50 satangov a ďalej 1, 2, 5, 10 bahtov. Bankovky v obehu majú nominálne hodnoty 20, 50, 100, 500, 1000 bahtov.
...potom, čo [6. októbra 1938 v Žiline] extrémista Karol Sidor prešiel do frakcie Jozefa Tisu, vládli oveľa umiernenejšie pomery a v tomto bode sa uspokojili s vyhlásením "autonómie", ktorá bola potom oficiálne ratifikovaná v Prahe. I keď sa zdalo, že umiernení zvíťazili, kľúčové pozície v aparáte boli kontrolované extrémistami. Dr. F. Ďurčanský bol vymenovaný za ministra spravodlivosti a propagandistický aparát bol zverený Š. Machovi. Obaja muži získali vzdelanie v najnebezpečnejšom semeništi antisemitizmu na Slovensku, v internáte univerzity Svoradov v Bratislave, a došli k názoru, že politický antisemitizmus je jedným z najpopulárnejších a najefektívnejších prostriedkov na získanie masovej podpory slovenského národa. Extrémistická slovenská inteligencia, mladá generácia nenávidiaca Židov a organizujúca demonštrácie a povstania proti nim, vyrástla v Svoradove. Bola to cvičná plocha pre rezervy aktivistov strany, rozsievačov rasizmu a politického separatizmu.
Tremulous ako open source hra ma zdrojový kód voľne prístupný a teda je možné ju voľne modifikovať. Momentálne su známe 3 väčšie modifikácie (módy), ktoré prinášajú do klasickej hry rôzne zmeny. Hrať s tými modmi možno po ich stiahnuti len na špeciálnych serveroch bežiacich so špecifickými módmi.
K prvým rozhovorom predstaviteľov firmy Dassault s vedením francúzskeho letectva došlo na konci septembra 1947. Spočiatku sa plánovalo vyvinúť stíhačku s dvomi prúdovými motormi, ktorá by sa svojimi technickými parametrami podobala britskému Gloster Meteor. Ale po niekoľkých dňoch navrhli zástupcovia spoločnosti Dassault vytvoriť lietadlo, poháňané len jedným Rolls-Royce Nene. Marcel Dassault pochopil, že by bolo kontraproduktívne, klásť si nerealistické ciele a tak prišiel s veľmi jednoduchým konštrukčným návrhom. Nákresy nového lietadla predložil v októbri 1947 letectvu, ktoré s ním 30. decembra podpísalo zmluvu na výrobu prvých troch prototypov. Dňa 28. februára 1949 sa vzniesol k oblohe prvý prototyp M.D.450-01, pilotovaný Konstantinom Rozanovom. Uspokojivé výsledky testov viedli k tomu, že 31. augusta 1949 si letectvo objednalo 12 predvýrobných lietadiel. Bolo to dostatočné množstvo na vyladenie všetkých prevádzkových aspektov, ako aj otestovanie protilietadlovej a protizemnej výzbroje. V auguste 1950, keď bol Ouragan ešte stále vo vývoji, prijal francúzsky parlament päťročný plán, ktorý zahŕňal aj rozvoj leteckého programu. V dôsledku vojny v Kórei a zhoršujúcej sa medzinárodnej politickej situácie, objednalo Francúzsko 150 kusov stíhačiek Ouragan. Prvým útvarom, prezbrojeným na Ouragany, sa v novembri 1952 stala 12. stíhacia eskadra, dislokovaná v Cambrai.
Jobus debutoval v roku 2006 rozprávkovou knihou Láskavé rozprávky. Druhé vydanie knihy vyšlo pre veľký úspech v r. 2007 v nakladateľstve Edition Ryba. Ďalším literárnym počinom bola kniha Zázračné rozprávky z r. 2009. O rok neskôr vyšla Jobusovi kniha Muflón Ancijáš a jeho spanilá jazda (2010, Slovart), rozprávkové leporelo Na výlete do vesmíru (Agentúra Pohoda), ale aj audiokniha Láskavé rozprávky. V roku 2011 vyšlo pokračovanie knihy o Muflónovi Ancijášovi s názvom Ako Muflón Ancijáš cestoval na západ, takisto vo vydavateľstve Slovart. Nasledoval tretí diel trilógie Ako Muflón Ancijáš sľub dodržal. V roku 2014 čitateľov oboznámil s červotočom Chrumom v knihe Ja nič, ja muzikant. Zatiaľ najnovším titulom je Plajko'v vyšiel v r. 2015.
Slavhostice je obec v Česku v okrese Jičín v Královohradeckom kraji. 1. januára 2012 tu žilo 136 obyvateľov, z toho 68 mužov a 68 žien, pričom priemerný vek v obci bol 45,4 roka (muži 42,3 roka, ženy 48,4 roka).
V novembri 1940, Ján Kellner obdržal list od jezuitského predstaveného Wlodimira Ledóchowskeho adresovaný biskupovi Michalovi Buzalkovi o tom, že prechod Jána Kellnera do ZSSR je pripravený. Následne mu bol vydaný falošný pas na meno "Relovský'. Teodor Romža, neskorší biskup a mučeník, ho kvôli možným rizikám odrádzal od nelegálneho prechodu hraníc; napriek jeho radám, 6. decembra 1940, Ján Kellner prechádza cez hranice do ZSSR.
Ide takpovediac o energeticku ostrelovaciu pušku, vybavenu nedostatocnym zasobnikom a nízkou kadenciou, zato však dostatočnou palebnou silou. Na skutočne útoky sa príliš nehodi.
Zo začiatku roku 2009 All Time Low prehlásili v rozhovore s britským magazínom Rock Sound, že začali písať materiály na tretí štúdiový album a že tiež spolupracujú s niekoľkými umelcami a producentmi hneď pri niekoľkých piesňach.
Podľa prikázania Tóry musia všetci nábožensky plnoletí židovskí muži (tzn. po bar micva) "sedieť", resp. "prebývať" (hebr. lišev) v suke počas 7 dní trvajúceho sviatku. Na ženy a dievčatá sa táto povinnosť nevzťahuje, ale ak chcú v suke jesť alebo späť, môžu. Aškenázski a marockí Židia pred konzumáciou chleba v suke recitujú zvláštne požehnanie (Požehnaný si, Hospodine, Pane celého sveta, že si nás posvätil svojimi príkazmi a prikázal si nám prebývať v suke). V konzervatívnom judaizme sa prikázanie sedieť v suke vzťahuje na nábožensky plnoletých mužov aj ženy.
Elektrická píla je veľmi silná zbraň, jej obrovskou nevýhodou je však jej extremnei krátky dosah. Vhodná hlavne na rýchle ničenie Votreleckych Vajec a Overmindu.
Prešiel prísnymi testami na dobrovoľníkoch a spĺňal podmienky pre užívanie. Predchádzajúcimi testami nebolo zistené, že by látka "K17" v pokusoch na zvieratách i v rámci klinických štúdií na dobrovoľníkoch mala nejaké negatívne vedľajšie účinky. Štúdia obsahovala vzorka 300 pacientov v skúšobnej sérii v rokoch 1955 až 1956 . Svetová zdravotnícka organizácia registrovala substanciu "K17" pod názvom talidomid. Bol syntetizovaný v r. 1953 v Chemie Grünenthal. 1. októbra 1957 potom došlo k začatiu predaja uspávacieho prostriedku Contergan firmy Chemie Grünenthal sídliacej vo Stolbergu u Aachenu v Nemecku. Predaj sprevádzala masívna reklama. Voľne predajný liek bol odporúčaný na bolesti hlavy alebo prechladnutie. Používal sa až do začiatku 60. rokov. Potom bol stiahnutý z trhu. Bol však zakázaný, pretože sa ukázalo, že ide o silný teratogén (tzv. Conterganova aféra) .
Druhou najväčšou náboženskou skupinou sú gréckokatolíci, ktorí podľa archívnych materiálov oblasť kolonizovali koncom posledného desaťročia 17. storočia. Čoskoro potom, okolo roku 1700 si postavili drevenú cerkev Zosnutia presvätej Bohorodičky, pri ktorej bol aj cintorín a fara. Farárom bol Ján Stephanovsky. V roku 1814 bola zriadená gréckokatolícka farnosť v Poši a Nižný Hrabovec sa stal jej fíliou. V roku 1825 bola v obci dokončená cerkev Zostúpenia Svätého Ducha.
V decembri 1961 Dr. William McBride uverejnil štúdiu v odbornom lekárskom časopise Lancet, uviedol veľké množstvo vrodených chýb u detí pacientov, ktorým bol predpísaný Thalidomid .
Viaceré astrovité sú byliny, ale mnohé sú aj kríky, viniče alebo stromy. Astrovité sú rozšírené celosvetovo, z polárnych oblastí po trópy, kolonizujúce široký rozsah biotopov. Najviac sú rozšírené v suchých a polosuchých oblastiach subtropických a chladnejších zemepisných šírkach. Astrovité reprezentujú skoro 10 % autochtónnej flóry vo viacerých regiónoch sveta.
Labuť veľká hniezdi najmä na stojatých vodách ako sú rybníky a štrkoviská. Zimuje na nezamŕzajúcich stojatých vodách a na vodných tokoch ako sú Morava, Dunaj, Váh, Nitra, Hron, Ipeľ, Hornád, Topľa, Laborec a Latorica.
Anytus, syn významného Aténčana Antemiona. Sokrates hovorí, že Anytus sa pripojil k obžalobe ako hovorca remeselníkov a politikov. Objaví sa v dialógu Meno, v ktorom Sokrates a Meno diskutujú o probléme získania cnosti. Sokrates tvrdí, že cnosť nemôže byť naučená, čo dokazuje tým, že veľa významných Aténčanov splodilo synov, ktorí boli horší ako ich rodičia. Potom ako toto povie, začne menovať; spomenie napríklad Perikla a Thukydida. Anytus je rozhorčený a varuje Sokrata, že kritizovanie ľudí ("kakos legein") mu môže v budúcnosti spôsobiť problémy.
Cieľ hry je nemenný, keďže Tremulous podporuje jediný režim hry. Ten pozostáva zo zlikvidovania všetkých súperov na mape a znemožnenia ich znovuzrodenia (spawn), čo sa docieli zničením súperových „spawn pointov“, v hre predstavovaných budovami Telenode za stranu Ľudí a Vajce (Egg) za stranu Votrelcov. Druhoradým cieľom každého tímu je teda ochrániť svoje spawn pointy, prípadne vybudovať nové. Na ich ochranu, ako aj na ochranu a podporu celého tímu ma každý tím k dispozícii niekoľko stavieb, ktoré je schopný postaviť. Základom každej hry je teda postaviť základňu, ktorú je neskôr potrebne rozšíriť a udržiavať. Jej maximálna veľkosť je daná vopred nastaveným počtom stavebných bodov (build points) za každú stranu. Každá budova zaberá špecifické množstvo build pointov, pričom tie sa po jej zničení vrátia spať. O stavbu sa za stranu Ľudí starajú hráči vybavení construction kitom (ckit). Ten je možné získať pri výbere typu základného vybavenia pred „zrodením“ alebo vymenením aktuálnej hlavnej zbrane za ckit. Pomocou toho to zariadenia je možné aj opravovať poškodené stavby. Votrelci na stavbu svojich biologických stavieb používajú špecializovanú kastu robotníkov – Grangers. Ti sú veľmi pomalí a zraniteľní, na viac nedisponujú žiadnym útokom (hoci neskôr Advanced Grangers získajú útok hryznutím a slabý diaľkový útok pľuvancom). Na rozdiel od svojho ľudského náprotivku však Granger zranene stavby liečiť nemôže, tie sa ale regenerujú samy, každá špecifickou rýchlosťou. Robotníci obidvoch tímov môžu už postavene budovy aj zbúrať, „dekonstruovat“ (Decon). Tento úkon je však často zneužívaný z nevedomosti alebo s cieľom úmyselne uškodiť zasiahnutému tímu. Hlavne v druhom prípade ide o priestupok, ktorý je všeobecne netolerovaný hráčskou komunitou Tremulousu.
Vyspelé a širokodostupné technológie môžu napomôcť eliminovať starnutie a umožniť rozšírenie intelektuálnych, fyzických a psychologických schopností ľudí. Transhumanizmus tiež zahŕňa štúdium prísľubov, potenciálov a ohrození technológií, ktoré umožňujú ľuďom prekonať základné ľudské limity ako aj etické spôsoby rozvoja a využitia týchto technológii.
So Slovenskou prenosovou sústavou je napojená týmito 400kV vedeniami: vedenie 424 Sokolnice - Križovany, vedenie 497 Sokolnice - Stupava, vedenie 404 Nošovice - Varín. Vedenie 220: č. 280 kV Sokolnice - Senica a 270 Lískovec - Považská Bystrica. Slovenské a české prenosové sústavy (vtedy v Československu) boli prepojené v roku 1953 220kV vedením Bystričany - Lískovec. Vedenie zo Sokolníc do Senice existuje od 70. rokov, vtedy priamo pokračovalo do Križovian.
Platón naznačuje, že väčšina porotcov hlasovala v prospech trestu smrti. Neudáva však presné číslo. Naším jediným zdrojom v tejto veci je Diogenes Laertios, ktorý tvrdí, že trest smrti získal o 80 hlasov viac ako samotné hlasovanie o Sokratovej vine, či nevine. Detaily tejto správy sú však sporné. Niektorí odborníci z tohoto usudzujú, že Sokratova reč porotu rozčúlila.
Xantia vychádzala koncepčne zo svojho predchodcu Citroënu BX Slovo Xantia je z gréckeho prekladu Xanthos (Svetlo). Xantia bola prevratná novým oblým dizajnom a kónickým zadným sklom ktorý bol pre rok 1993 netradičný. Tiež celková kvalita materiálov a spracovania bola na oveľa vyššej úrovni. Vďaka zlepšenej odolnosti hydraulického vedenia a protipadacím zámkom, napravila povesť nespoľahlivosti hydropneumatických systémov.
Starec a more (angl. The Old Man and the Sea) je posledné významné dielo Ernesta Hemingwaya. Dielo je epickou metaforou o živote. Autor v ňom vytvoril pozoruhodnú alegóriu, kde starec predstavuje človeka, ryba prírodu a žraloci zlo okolo nás. Za toto dielo dostal roku 1954 Nobelovu cenu.
Nachádza sa v katastrálnom území obcí Veľké Kosihy a Klížska Nemá v okrese Komárno v Nitrianskom kraji. Územie bolo vyhlásené alebo novelizované v roku 2002 na rozlohe 104,1016 ha. Ochranné pásmo nebolo určené.
Majstrovstvá Európy II. divízie v halovom pozemnom hokeji žien 2012 boli 9. majstrovstvá Európy II. divízie žien v halovom pozemnom hokeji. Bolo to druhé najvyššie kontinentálne podujatie EHF v halovom pozemnom hokeji žien v roku 2012. Konalo sa od 20. – 22. januára 2012 v Slagelse, v Dánsku, za účasti 8 tímov. V Dánsku sa konali halové ME II. divízie žien po druhý raz, keď predtým to bolo v roku 1998.
Pekuliárna galaxia je galaxia, ktorú nie je možné zaradiť do Hubblovej klasifikácie galaxií, alebo ktorá je niečím výnimočná, odlišuje sa od normálu. Patria sem aktívne galaxie, Markarianove galaxie, interagujúce galaxie, kvazary, a galaxie netypického tvaru alebo zdeformované galaxie. Dohromady tvoria 5% až 10% známej populácie galaxií. Ako ukážku pelikuliárnych galaxií americký astronom Halton Arp zostavil Katalóg podivných galaxií. Dávajú nám možnosť skúmať vlastnosti galaxií a sily, ktoré v nich pôsbia. Keď sa na galaxie pozrieme dostatočne zblízka, každá je vlastne pekuliárna. V užšom zmysle slova sa pod pojmom pekuliárna galaxia myslí len interagujúca galaxia alebo galaxia po zrážke.
Časti odpovedí možno počuť na pozadí niektorých skladieb. Na albume môžeme počuť okrem nich napríklad aj maniacky rehot Rogera the Hata, manažéra inej skupiny, či slová vrátnika štúdia na Abbey Road Jerryho Driscolla ("There is no dark side of the moon, really. Matter of fact, it's all dark..."), no nebola napríklad použitá nahrávka odpovede Paula McCartneyho.
V päťdesiatych rokoch 20. storočia bol medzi tehotnými ženami používaný ako upokojujúca (sedatívum) a uspávajúca látka (hypnotikum) v 48 štátoch obľúbený liek na spanie - Contergan (talidomid).
Adrian Smith (* 27. február 1957, Hackney, Londýn) je gitarista skupiny Iron Maiden. V niektorých skladbách Smith spieva a niektoré tiež zložil. Od roku 1981 je členom skupiny, keď nahradil gitaristu Dennisa Strattona pri nahrávaní albumu Killers. V roku 1990 sa rozhodol opustiť skupinu a vydať sa na sólovú dráhu, no od nahrávania albumu Brave New World je späť.
Zámok Jaroměřice nad Rokytnou je barokový zámok, ktorý spolu s chrámom sv. Margaréty vytvárajú dominantu a symbol mesta Jaroměřice nad Rokytnou.
Liečebná stanica automaticky lieči človeka stojaceho v jej tesnej blízkosti. Po vyliečení do plného zdravia odovzdá zadarmo medkit, ak ho hráč momentálne nemá.
Samotná výroba čistého titánu sa však podarila až v roku 1910 Matthewovi Hunterovi, ktorý pripravil kov o čistote 99,9% redukciou chloridu titaničitého sodíkom pri teplote 700 až 800 °C. Titán totiž za zvýšenej teploty reaguje s uhlíkom, tak klasické spôsoby redukcie rúd koksom zlyhávali. Redukcia sodíkom však bola veľmi nákladná a množstvo týmto procesom vyprodukovaného titánu stačilo akurát na laboratórne pokusy. Až v roku 1932 luxemburský metalurg William Kroll nahradil sodík vápnikom a o deväť rokov horčíkom a titán sa začal produkovať priemyselne. Krollov proces sa používa na výrobu titánu aj v súčasnosti, napriek tomu, že existujú aj lacnejšie spôsoby prípravy.
Hlinka (okres Bruntál) je obec v Česku v okrese Bruntál v Moravskosliezskom kraji. 1. januára 2012 tu žilo 214 obyvateľov, z toho 110 mužov a 104 žien, pričom priemerný vek v obci bol 38,1 roka (muži 35,9 roka, ženy 40,4 roka).
Pred sezónou 2008/09 posilnil nováčika slovenskej extraligy HC ’05 Banská Bystrica, jeho spoluhráčmi boli ďalší skúsení hokejisti Ján Pardavý a Vladimír Vlk, v základnej časti strelil 23 gólov. V priebehu nasledujúceho ročníka prestúpil do Dukly Trenčín. Ročník 2011/12 hral za ŠHK 37 Piešťany v 1. SHL v 42 zápasoch základnej časti dosiahol 40 bodov a pomohol mužstvu vybojovať postup do extraligy. 30. novembra 2012 s ním však vedenie rozviazalo zmluvu, následne sa stal hráčom poľského mužstva GKS Tychy.
Prakticky najvýznamnejšou zlúčeninou titánu je oxid titaničitý TiO2. Je to veľmi stabilná zlúčenina, ktorá sa v kryštalickom stave vyskytuje v troch modifikáciách, ktorým zodpovedajú tri rôzne minerály: rutil, anatas a brookit. Pre praktické použitie je však najviac vhodná amorfná prášková forma, nazývaná titánová beloba. Tento biely pigment je mimoriadne stály, zdravotne celkom neškodný, má vysokú kryciu schopnosť a radí sa preto medzi najkvalitnejšie dostupné biele pigmenty. Praktické použitie nachádza pri výrobe farieb, v sklárskom a keramickom priemysle, používa sa i pri výrobe vysoko kvalitného papiera, ako plnivo pri výrobe plastických hmôt a niektorí výrobcovia ho pridávajú i do zubných pást. Vďaka tomu, že prechádza tráviacim traktom nezmenený, používa sa i v potravinárskom priemysle na bielenie mlieka. Odhaduje sa, že oxid titaničitý tvorí viac než 90% celosvetovej spotreby produktov z titánu.
AKS-74U je kompaktná (skrátená) verzia AK-74, ktorá má veľkosť samopalu. Na rozdiel od AK-74 má kratšiu hlaveň a nemôže mať nasadený bajonet. Môže byť rôzne modifikovaný, napr. môže mať pripevnenú optiku, tlmič alebo granátomet model BS-1. Tento model je určený pre výsadkárov, tankistov, špeciálne komandá, ako napr. Specnaz a pod.
AK-74 je útočná puška sovietskej resp. ruskej výroby. Modernizovaná verzia AK-47, od ktorej sa líši tým, že je ľahšia, dlhšia a používa iný typ streliva. AK-47 používa kaliber 7.62x39, kým AK-74 (iné variácie AK-47 používajú i kaliber 5.56x45) používajú kaliber 5.45x39 M74. Zásobník je vyrobený z plastu a je menej zakrivený ako u AK-47. Má odlišnú úsťovú brzdu, ktorá znižuje spätný ráz. Pažba je vyrobená z laminátového dreva. Zbraň je možné rôzne modifikovať, napríklad môže mať podvesený granátomet GP-25, môže používať bajonet, rôzne optiky a puškohľady atď.
Heinrich Schliemann bol navyše aj prominentný polyglot samouk. Hovoril plynule anglicky, francúzsky, portugalsky, taliansky, španielsky, rusky, holandsky, latinsky, grécky, starogrécky, poľsky a arabsky. (údajne Schliemann ovládal až 23 jazykov)
hudba - výberom študijného zamerania - skladba, dirigovanie, cirkevná hudba, hra na klavíri, hra na organe, hra na akordeóne, hra na dychovom nástroji, hra na strunovom nástroji, hra na bicích nástrojoch
4. obvod zahŕňa Parížsku radnicu z obdobia klasicizmu, renesančné námestie Place des Vosges, zjavne moderné Centre Pompidou a živšiu južnú časť stredovekej štvrte Le Marais, ktorá je v súčasnosti skôr známa ako gayská štvrť Paríža (zatiaľ čo tichšia severnejšia časť štvrte sa nachádza v 3. obvode). Východné časti ostrovu Île de la Cité (vrátane Notre-Dame de Paris) a ostrov Île Saint-Louis patria do 4. obvodu.
Petersschule, Bazilej, Švajčiarsko, 1927 – spolupráca s Hansom Wittwerom, v návrhu sa oprostil od tradičných foriem. Je to dievčenská škola, ktorá mala mať v prízemí len telocvičňu a krytú plaváreň. Učebne mali byť odsunuté na poschodia, lepšie chránených pred hlukom a nečistotou dopravy. Takisto ihrisko, obvykle umiestnené vo dvore, malo byť nadvihnuté na zavesenú terasu, pričom takto získané plochy mali byť využité k parkovaniu áut. Projekt nebol realizovaný.
Po sezóne 2007-08 sa stal voľným agentom, 7. júla 2008 podpísal zmluvu s klubom Anaheim Ducks. V tej istej sezóne však prestúpil do tímu Dallas Stars. V súčasnosti je hráčom Washingtonu Capitals
Ondřejíček začal v máji 2012 pravidelne uverejňovať na americkej službe Blogger satirické komentáre formou koláží obrázkov s komiksovými popiskami. Kombinácia obrázku (prevažne fotografie) a textu má pravidelne prekvapivý vtip. V textovo-vizuálnych komentároch Cynickej obludy sa často rozoberajú aktuálne témy zo slovenskej politickej scény a kriticky glosujú prejavy slovenského katolicizmu, nacionalizmu, etatizmu, homofóbie či šovinizmu.
Počas 20. rokoch 20. storočia pracoval na princípe enzýmových reakcií a vysvetlil, že enzýmy sú chemické látky a nie biologické organizmy. Willstatter bol Žid a tak sa v roku 1924 počas prejavov antisemitizmu v Mníchove vzdal svojej funkcie. Pokračoval vo svojej práci súkromne v Mníchove a neskôr vo Švajčiarsku.
Obrana Sokratova alebo Sókratova obrana (po grécky Apologia Sókratus) je Platónova verzia Sokratovej reči, ktorou sa obhajoval na súde proti obvineniam, podľa ktorých kazil mládež, neveril v bohov uznaných štátom a vytvoril si nové božstvá. Anglický názov tohoto dialógu – Apology – môže viesť k nesprávnemu výkladu. Sokrates sa totiž neospravedlňuje pred súdom za to, čomu verí a čo robí. V tomto prípade má slovo Apology svoj skorší význam: obhajoba svojho presvedčenia a činov (z gr. απολογία).
Rok 1976 bol prvým rokom, kedy skupina nemala žiadnu koncertnú šnúru od začiatku ich profesionálnej kariéry v roku 1967. Počas tejto prestávky Roger prepracoval dva songy („Raving and Drooling“ a „You Gotta Be Crazy“), ktoré boli naživo hrané roku 1975 počas krátkeho Wish You Were Here tour. Tieto dve pesničky sa objavili v ich ďalšom projekte, albume Animals pod názvom „Dogs“ a „Sheep“. Tento album bol orwelovským konceptom zobrazujúcim ľudstvo ako prasce, psov a ovce. Bol vydaný 23. januára 1977. V tom období vzhľadom na dopyt vznikla potreba spustiť koncertnú šnúru po futbalových štadiónoch. Boli využité kvadrofonické efekty, nafukovacie figuríny a špeciálne efekty pre zvýšenie zážitku z koncertov.
1927 – 1930 – učiteľ architektúry (do 31. marca 1928) a neskôr nástupca Waltera Gropia v kresle riaditeľa dessauského Bauhausu (do 31. júla 1930). Z politických dôvodov bol 1. augusta 1930 v neprítomností pedagógov i žiakov zo svojej funkcie okamžite odvolaný.
Po vyučení za typografa pracoval roku1921–1925 v Banskej Bystrici, Martine, Nitre a v Bratislave, od 1926 bol spravodajcom denníka Slov. národ v Banskej Bystrici, 1939–1945 redaktor denníka Slovák, 1945–1948 novín Čas, od 1953 pracovník redakcie Roľníckych novín v Bratislave. V literárnom dianí sa prezentoval v polovici 20. rokov prózami kukučínovského typu. V nasledujúcich prózach zachytil tienisté i tragikomické stránky sociálnych vzťahov na dedine. V memoárovej knihe Legenda o človeku a vojne (1941) stvárnil vojnovú tematiku. Po vojne vydal knihy pre deti a mládež.
Program Autodesk 3ds Max (predtým "3D Studio MAX" a "3D Studio") je svetovo najrozšírenejším animačným a vizualizačným programom. Je určený pre tvorbu vizuálnych efektov, animáciu postáv a tvorbu počítačových hier; jeho verzia 3ds Max Design potom pre architektonické a dizajnérske vizualizácie a animácie. Ponúka interaktívne prostredie, rýchly rendering. Plne prispôsobiteľná a otvorená architektúra poskytuje tvorivú slobodu. Pre 3ds Max je k dispozícii rozsiahla knižnica doplnkových plug-inov ďalších vývojárov.
Populácia je skupina ľudí, v rámci ktorej dochádza k reprodukcii. Pojem populácie sa v kontexte demografie mierne líši od pojmu obyvateľstvo, ktorý v demografii označuje skupinu ľudí žijúcich na určitom území.
Hral aj v skupinách Urchin, The Entire Population of Hackney, ASAP, The Untouchables a Psycho Motel. Urchin bol názov jeho prvej skupiny, ktorú založil spolu s ďalším neskorším členom Iron Maiden Daveom Murraym.
Jamato začala obranu zoskupenia paľbou z 460mm diel špeciálnymi protilietadlovými projektilmi. Každý projektil sa po výstrele roztrhol na mnohotisíc kúskov čím vytvoril doslova oblak črepín letiacich rýchlosťou 780 m/s – 2 800 km/h (úsťová rýchlosť). No tieto strely neboli efektívne proti prilietajúcim lietadlám, navyše znižovali efektivitu ostatného protilietadlového delostrelectva (otrasy lode, dym…). Pri paľbe museli byť opustené všetky palubné stanovištia pretože tlakovú vlnu pri výstrele nemohol nik prežiť. To znamenalo, že všetko protilietadlové delostrelectvo bolo nečinné. 460mm hlavne zniesli iba desať výstrelov, po tom boli tak opotrebované, že sa museli vymeniť, keďže už nezaručovali presnosť zásahu.
Sokrates zopakuje svoje tvrdenie, že to nebudú formálne obvinenia, ktoré ho zničia, ale skôr klebety a ohováranie. Nebojí sa smrti, pretože sa viac stará o to, či koná správne alebo nesprávne. Tvrdí, že tí, ktorí sa smrti boja, preukazujú svoju nevedomosť. Nemôžu totiž vedieť, či smrť nie je veľkým požehnaním. Pokladajú ju za zlo, aj keď nevedia, či v skutočnosti zlom je. Sokrates tu opäť poukazuje na fakt, že jeho múdrosť spočíva vo vedomí toho, že nič nevie.
Skupina Pink Floyd dostala ocenenie Silver Clef („Strieborný husľový kľúč“) za ich charitatívnu prácu pre The Nordoff-Robbins Music Center v roku 1980
Stredný tank T20 bol jeden zo série stredných tankov navrhnutých Spojenými štátmi počas druhej svetovej vojny ako nástupca stredného tanku M4 Sherman. Jeho vývoj bol neskôr využitý pri návrhu tanku M27.
Rímskokatolícky kostol sv. Michala archanjela, jednoloďová neorománska stavba s bočnými kaplnkami v podobe transeptu, s polkruhovo ukončeným presbytériom a predsavanou vežou z rokov 1867-1868. Interiér kostola je zaklenutý českou plackou. Fasáda je zdobená neorománskym tvaroslovím, združenými oknami, oblúčkovým vlysom a opornými piliermi.
Existujú monitorovacie programy, ktoré detailnejšie sledujú stav disku. Každý výrobca určí sadu atribútov a ich prahových hodnôt, ktoré by pri normálnej prevádzke nemali byť prekročené. Vhodný softvér je schopný ich v čase sledovať, extrapolovať aktuálne trendy a predpovedať prekročenie prahovej hodnoty. Softvér tiež rozlišuje medzi postupnou degradáciou v čase (čo predstavuje normálne opotrebovanie) a náhlou zmenou, ktorá môže indikovať problém.
Zbor Konzervatória v Bratislave je komorný zbor študentov a absolventov Konzervatória v Bratislave. Dirigentmi Zboru Konzervatória v Bratislave boli významní slovenskí dirigenti, napr. Ján Strelec, národný umelec Ján Cikker, Imrich Križan, Ladislav Holásek, Ján Klimo. Počas štúdia na konzervatóriu v zbore spievali veľké umelecké osobnosti ako Peter Dvorský, Edita Gruberová, Ján Galla, Jozef Kundlák, Miroslav Dvorský, Martin Babjak, Ľubica Vargicová, Lívia Ághová, Gustáv Beláček, Robert Stankovský, a iní. Zbor je známy nielen na Slovensku, ale poznajú ho aj v mnohých európskych krajinách, v USA, Austrálii, Mexiku, Izraeli, Jordánsku ako úspešných reprezentantov slovenskej kultúry. Pravidelne účinkuje na bohoslužbách v konkatedrále sv. Martina v Bratislave, nahráva pre Slovenský rozhlas a Slovenskú televíziu, spoluúčinkuje aj so Slovenským komorným orchestrom Bohdana Warchala, so Symfonickým orchestrom Slovenského rozhlasu, s orchestrom Cappella Istropolitana a Symfonickým orchestrom Konzervatória v Bratislave.
Potom sa už nezúčastnil žiadnej ďalšej vesmírnej misie a vrátil sa späť k letectvu, kde pôsobil na manažérskom poste. Jeho kariére však škodili jeho osobné problémy. Vo svojej autobiografii Return to Earth priznáva, že po odchode z NASA trpel depresiami a alkoholizmom. Armádu opustil v roku 1972 a začal pôsobiť v súkromnom sektore, napríklad robil reklamy automobilke Volkswagen.
Zbraň sa rôzne modifikovať, môže mať napríklad podvesné granátomety GP–25, GP–30 a GP–34. Taktiež sa na ňu dá pripevniť optika, kolimátory, laserové zameriavače a bajonet, ktorý môže byť v kombinácii s puzdrom použitý na strihanie ostnatého drôtu. Je to momentálne najpoužívanejšia zbraň v ruskej armáde.
Názov vyplýva z polohy v Temnosmrečinskej doline. V spodnej časti je starý smrekový les, ktorý svojou hustotou a výškou pôsobí tmavým, temným dojmom. V klasickej poľskej literatúre (Stanisław Staszic,1815) sa pleso volalo Czarny Staw ( Čierne pleso) alebo Czarny Staw pod Liptowskimi Murami, podľa zdanlivého zafarbenia vody a podľa polohy pod Liptovskými múrmi, na území historickej Liptovskej stolice.
Pilot Jean-Luc Pailler po trojnásobnom víťazstve s Citroënom BX Turbo v skupine N, v populárnych pretekoch rallycross, pokračoval vo víťaznej sérií s novým modelom, Xantia Turbo.
7. novembra 2013 sa stal asistentom novovymenovaného trénera Dukly Trenčín Milana Staša. Po uzdravení odohral za tento klub štyri zápasy základnej časti. Pomohol tiež Prievidzi k udržaniu sa v 1. SHL, keď nastúpil na dve stretnutia skupiny play-out. V ročníku 2014/15 odohral tri zápasy za MšHK Prievidza a jeden za ŠHK Púchov.
Henning Sjöström, Robert Nilsson: Thalidomide and the Power of the Drug Companies. Penguin Books, 1972; deutsche Übersetzung: Contergan oder die Macht der Arzneimittelkonzerne. VEB Verlag Volk und Gesundheit, Berlin (DDR), 1975.
Jozef Srnka (* 2. február 1808, Liptovský Mikuláš - † 1853, v rieke Moravita medzi Butinom a Šemlakom; bol pochovaný v Butine) bol evanjelický kňaz, básnik, národný buditeľ.
Francúzsky letecký priemysel sa po vojne rýchlo spamätal a čoskoro bol schopný ponúknuť letectvu dva návrhy prúdových stíhačiek. Firma Sud-Ouest predstavila projekt SO.6020 Espadon a spoločnosť Dassault lietadlo M.D.450 Ouragan. Práce na vývoji Espadonu začali už v roku 1945 a prvý prototyp vzlietol na jeseň roku 1948. Toto lietadlo so šípovitými krídlami bolo poháňané motorom Rolls-Royce Nene. Celkovo boli vyrobené štyri prototypy, na ktorých sa testovali rôzne prúdové motory a rozličné typy prívodov vzduchu. Jednalo sa však o experimentálny projekt, ktorý mal od produkčnej verzie veľmi ďaleko.
ID hovorí čo daný údaj znamená (napr. aktuálna teplota disku, počet presunutých sektorov, počet kalibrácií hlavičiek). Každý výrobca má iné ID pre udalosti. Hodnoty jednotlivých atribútov sú v rozsahu od 1 do 253, pričom 1 je najhorší stav. V závislosti od výrobcu sa zvolí hodnota 100 alebo 200 za „normálny“ stav.
AK–74M je modernizovaná verzia AK-74. Pažba, rukoväť a predpažbie je vyrobené z plastu vystuženého skleným vláknom. Pažba je sklopná, na ľavej strane je montáž optiky. Zbraň pracuje na princípe odberu prachových plynov z hlavne. Je ľahko ovládateľná a veľmi odolná. Má chrómovanú hlaveň, čo zvyšuje jej životnosť. Na jej konci je úsťová brzda, ktorá znižuje spätný ráz. 50% dielov je zhodných s AKM.
HP Lovecraft's The Tomb – film z roku 2007 vydaný na DVD, napriek svojmu názvu bez vzťahu k samotnej poviedke. Film má motív podobný hororovej sérii Saw.
Plazmolýza je osmotický jav, ktorý spočíva v osmotickej strate vody z rastlinnej bunky, ktorá sa nachádza v hypertonickom roztoku (čiže roztoku s väčším osmotickým potenciálom ako vakuoly danej bunky).
Od svojho vzniku vychovalo konzervatórium mnoho významných slovenských umelcov, ako Eugen Suchoň (ktorého meno nesie aj koncertná sieň konzervatória), Peter Dvorský, Edita Gruberová, Ladislav Chudík a mnohí ďalší.
Štadión Fišt je najväčším štadiónom Zimných olympijských hier 2014. Na pozemku s veľkosťou 16,60ha budova vysoká takmer 70 m zaberá 50 654 m² zastavanej plochy, pričom celková plocha je až 128 480 m². Štadión má 40 000 diváckych miest, ale po skončení olympijských a paraolympijských hier sa plánuje rozšírenie kapacity na 45 000 miest. Vďaka umiestneniu majú diváci unikátny výhľad z jednej strany na horské štíty a z druhej na hladinu Čierneho mora.
Laserová puška je popri mass driveri najpresnejšou zbraňou v Tremulouse. Navyše ma veľkú palebnu silu, slusnu kadenciu a jeden velký zásobník, schopný spolu s battery packom obsiahnuť energiu až na 300 vystrelov. Tato zbraň je vhodná na likvidáciu slabsich Votreleckych kást a tiež na počiatočne vypady na Votrelecku zakladnu.
Titán sa používa ako zložka pevných a ľahkých zliatin (so železom, hliníkom, vanádom, molybdénom a mnohými ďalšími prvkami), ktoré majú široké uplatnenie v mnohých odvetviach priemyslu (v kozmonautike, vojenstve, letectve, strojárenstve, chemickom priemysle, v medicíne atď.). Oxid titaničitý sa používa ako biely pigment (pod názvom titánová bieloba), taktiež aj ako zložka zubných pást a ako fotokatalyzátor.
Napriek náboženskej povahe misie však Sovietsky zväz považoval katolíckych misionárov do ZSSR vzdelaných v Kolégiu Russicu za špiónov z Vatikánu. Ján Kellner bol zatknutý dňa 9. decembra 1940, krátko po prechode hraníc, keď ho štátnym orgánom nahlásil roľník, ktorého požiadal o pomoc. Jeho prvotný výsluch trval tri dni a tri noci (17.-19. decembra 1940). Podľa zápisu mal Ján Kellner vypovedať, že sa už dlhý čas pripravoval na svoju misiu do ZSSR a že plánoval "prekračiť hranicu v oblasti Sambora, potom tajne ísť do Ľvova a ďalej do Moskvy a získať prácu v nejakej továrni, a potom plánoval zúčastňovať sa stretnutí radikálnych ateistov a na nich vystupovať proti ateizmu." Robil by tak s úmyslom "hlásať učenie Krista medzi mladými ľuďmi, s cieľom podporovať zjednotenie cirkví." Následne bol prevezený do špeciálnej väznice NKVD v Kyjeve, kde bol podrobený celkovo trinástim výsluchom. Po tom, čo hitlerovské Nemecko 22. júna 1941 zaútočilo na Sovietsky zväz, Moskva nariadila preskúmať zoznamy väzňov za účelom identifikácie väzňov vhodných na likvidáciu. Dňa 7. júla 1941 bol Ján Kellner odsúdený na trest smrti ako "nepriateľ ľudu" a v ten istý deň bol aj popravený zastrelením.
Študoval na Juilliard School a vo svojich hereckých začiatkoch cestoval s putovným divadlom po celých Spojených štátoch. Koncom sedemdesiatych rokov sa začal venovať hraniu vo filmoch. Od roku 1989 je jeho manželkou herečka Phoebe Cates.
George Hammond je jedna z hlavných postáv v seriáli Stargate SG-1. Postava generála veliteľstva Hviezdnej brány sa vyskytovala v 1. až 7. sérii seriálu. Postavu stvárnil herec Don S. Davis.
Čeľaď v súčasnosti obsahuje viac ako 23 600 druhov v 1 620 rodoch a 13 podčeľadí. Počtom druhov ich predčí iba čeľaď vstavačovité (Orchidaceae) Viaceré druhy majú súkvetie vo forme úboru (anthodium): má strapcovitý tvar, kvetné lôžko je rozšírené terčovito. Listy sú jednoduché.
Pri zvýšenej teplote na vzduchu sa na titáne vytvára pasivačná a ochranná oxidová vrstva zabraňujúca korózii, ale pri izbovej teplote odoláva korózii. Ak sa vo vzduchu zahreje na teplotu 610 °C alebo vyššiu, horí za vzniku oxidu titaničitého; a je jedným z mála prvkov, ktoré horia aj v čistej dusíkovej atmosfére (horí pri 800 °C). Titán odoláva zriedenej kyseline sírovej aj kyseline chlorovodíkovej, ako aj plynnému chlóru a väčšine organických kyselín.
Zoznam vrcholov v Laboreckej vrchovine zahŕňa pomenované vrcholy s nadmorskou výškou nad 700 m n. m. Zoznam vychádza z údajov, dostupných na stránkach hiking.sk. Ako hranica pohoria bola uvažovaná hranica rovnomenného geomorfologického celku.
Demografické ukazovatele sa nemusia merať len pre celú populáciu. Môžu byť špecifické pre časť populácie. Časť populácie sa obvykle vymedzuje podľa niekoľkých základných kritérií:
Dretch je základnou útočnou kastou. Na cieľ v dosahu automaticky útoči pomerne silným hryznutím, no zároveň je aj najmenej odolnou kastou v hre. Je však veľmi pohyblivý a dokáže liezť po stenách, navyše predstavuje malý cieľ.
Pochovaný je na Arlington National Cemetery a na jeho počesť bol pomenovaný vyhynutý rod korytnačiek – Gilmoremys (2011) a dinosaury Shuangmiaosaurus gilmorei (2003), Richardoestesia gilmorei (1990) a Gilmoreosaurus (1979).
Do roku 2007 sa skupine Van Halen podarilo na celom svete predať viac ako 80 miliónov hudobných nosičov a viacero jej singlov sa umiestnilo na prvej priečke v rebríčku Mainstream Rock Tracks časopisu Billboard.. Predajom viac ako 56 miliónov albumov v USA je podľa hodnotení RIAA je táto skupina na 19. mieste medzi najlepšie predávajúcimi kapelami všetkých čias. a je zároveň jednou z piatich rockových formácií, ktorých dva albumy dosiahli predaj v USA vyšší ako 10 miliónov kusov. 12. marca 2007 bola táto skupina uvedená do Rokenrolovej siene slávy. Koncom roku 2007 po rôznych špekuláciách skupina začala koncertné turné po Severnej Amerike, ktoré trvalo až do začiatku roku 2008.
1913 Prvý zimný výstup severným hrebeňom. Urobili ho Julius Andreas Hefty a Gyula Komarnicki od Gerlachovského sedla. Vyhorela Hunfalvyho chata.
Medzi najznámejšie interagujúce galaxie patrí dvojica NGC 4038 a NGC 4039 nazývané Tykadlá. Gravitačné pôsobenie vytrhlo z obidvoch galaxií úzke chvosty materiálu tvarom podobné tykadlám. Ďalším známym párom sú Vírová galaxia M51 a jej sprievodca NGC 5195. Menší sprievodca je s väčšou galaxiou spojený tzv. galaktickým mostom. Hoagov objekt je netypická galaxia, ktorá má tvar obruče obklopujúcej jasné jadro. Nie je však isté, či tento jej netypický tvar spôsobila kolízia, alebo ide len o nový, zatiaľ neklasifikovaný typ špirálových galaxií.
Rudolf Briška (* 1908 – † 10. jún 1971) bol slovenský ekonóm, vysokoškolský profesor, predstaviteľ slovenskej politickej ekonómie trhového hospodárstva.
Objav urobili výskumníci z Ottawskej hvezdárne Dominion v roku 1955 pomocou leteckých záberov. Miesto dopadu potom podrobili geológovia niekoľkým magnetickým a seizmickým meraniam a urobili tri hĺbkové merania. Pod povrchom sa našiel polámaný skalnatý podklad, ktorý nasvedčuje tomu, že miesto bolo v minulosti silne narušené obrovským nárazom. Tým bola potvrdená domnienka, že kráter vznikol dopadom telesa z kozmu. Vek skalnatého podkladu sa odhaduje na 1 miliardu rokov a vrstva nad ním má asi 475 miliónov rokov.
V európskej kvalifikácii je 50 mužstiev z toho 8 v skupine A a v ostatných skupinách 7 mužstiev. Z nich postupuje 16 mužstiev a tento rok to sú to Česko, Francúzsko, Grécko, Holandsko, Chorvátsko,Nemecko, Poľsko, Portugalsko, Rakúsko, Rumunsko, Rusko, Španielsko, Švajčiarsko, Švédsko, Taliansko, Turecko.
Krátko po vydaní So Wrong, It's Right sa All Time Low rýchlo stali populárnymi. Objavili sa na MTV v relácii Discover and Downolad a v Music Choice - Fresh Crops a taktiež boli pridaní do oboch playlistov MTV - Big Ten a MTV Hits. 7. marca 2008 kapela naživo vystupovala v relácii Jimmy Kimmel Live! a následne aj v MTV na Woodie Awards
Historická demografia rekonštruuje demografické tabuľky pre minulé storočia, v spolupráci s archeológiou sa robia odhady populačnej dynamiky skúmaného spoločenstva (napr. ak máme pohrebisko, kde sa pochovávalo v čase a väčšom počte a máme antropologické určenia pohlavia a veku).
Nachádza sa v katastrálnom území obce Beňadiková v okrese Liptovský Mikuláš v Žilinskom kraji. Územie bolo vyhlásené v roku 1977 na rozlohe 0,0800 ha. Ochranné pásmo nebolo určené.
1834 Je rok, na ktorý sa orientuje prvý známy výstup na štít. S najväčou pravdepodobnosťou prvým kto na vrchol vystúpil, bol Ján Still so spoločníkmi. Pozri kapitolu o prvých výstupoch.
Zavedenie eura je oficiálne nahradenie určitej meny ako zákonného platidla v štáte menou euro. V pôvodných krajinách eurozóny sa uskutočnilo 1. januára 1999 (bezhotovostný styk) ako aj 1. januára 2002 (bankovky a mince), na Slovensku sa uskutočnilo 1. januára 2009.
Raná egyptčina alebo archaická egyptčina je najstarší známy egyptský jazyk a zrejme aj najstarší textami doložený jazyk na svete vôbec. Trval asi od 3300 pred Kr. do 2700/2600 pred Kr.
Ženy v Izraelských obranných silách sú plnohodnotnými príslušníčkami Izraelských obranných síl (hebr. צְבָא הַהֲגָנָה לְיִשְׂרָאֵל‎, Cva ha-hagana le-Jisrael, angl. Israel Defense Forces, IDF), pričom Izrael je tak jedinou krajinou na svete, ktorá má zavedenú všeobecnú brannú povinnosť aj pre osoby ženského pohlavia. Ženy, zastávajúce rozličné posty v pozemných, námorných a vzdušných silách, sú ich neoddeliteľnou súčasťou od vzniku samotného štátu Izrael v roku 1948 a v súčasnosti tvoria 33 % z celkového počtu príslušníkov IDF a približne 51 % z celkového počtu dôstojníkov. Novela zákona o vojenskej službe, vydaná v roku 2000, potvrdzuje rovnoprávnosť žien v IDF takto: „Práva žien, zastávajúcich akúkoľvek úlohu v IDF, sú ekvivalentné k právam mužov.“ V súčasnosti je 88 až 92 % všetkých voľných armádnych pozícií otvorených pre ženské kandidátky.
Acciajuoliovci (iné názvy: Acciaiuoliovci, Accioliovci, Acciolyovci, základný tvar Acciajuoli, Acciaiuoli, Accioli, Accioly) bol taliansky rod finančníkov a politikov pôvodom z Bergama, ktorý sa v 12. storočí presunul do Florencie. Jeho členovia boli diplomati, spisovatelia, náboženskí hodnostári, politici a bankári. V 13. - 14. storočí ovládali obchod s obilím a textilom v oblasti dnešného južného Talianska.
Už od roku 1891 v obci funguje papiereň, ktorú založil podnikateľ Karel Weisshuhn a v súčasnosti je súčasťou medzinárodnej skupiny Smurfit Kappa. Unikátom tejto papierne je vodný náhon, ktorý je dlhý 3,6 km. Pôvodne slúžil na plavenie metrových polien ("vajzunek"), dodával papierni vodu a bol zdrojom energie. Dnes sa papier v Žimroviciach vyrába 100% zo zberového papiera.
1874 Mór Déchy s priateľmi prvý raz vystúpil na Gerlach Velickou próbou. Bol to piaty výstup na vrchol. V tom istom roku vystúpil na vrchol poľský horolezec - zakopanský farár Józef Stolarczyk.
Z horolezeckého hľadiska je Bořeň jednou z najvýznamnejších nepieskovcových oblastí v Česku. Znelcová skala je vo väčšine sektorov pevná a ponúka rozmanité možnosti stenového, štrbinového aj komínového lezenia. Vysoké steny, zvlášť na severe, poskytujú možnosti viacedĺžkových výstupov horského charakteru.
Futbalista roka v Česko-Slovensku bolo futbalové ocenenie určené pre najlepšieho futbalistu v bývalom Česko-Slovensku v rokoch 1965 – 1992. Anketa vznikla z iniciatívy týždenníka Stadion, o víťazovi a ďalšom poradí sa rozhodovalo na základe hlasovania futbalových trénerov a novinárov.
Mesto Munderkingen susedí na severe s mestom Ehingen, na východe s obcou Rottenacker, na juhu s obcami Unterstadion, Emerkingen a Hausen am Bussen, ako aj na západe s obcami Obermarchtal a Untermarchtal.
Mnohí odborníci sa domnievajú, že Obrana Sokratova je, ak nie prvý, tak jeden z prvých Platónových dialógov. Presvedčivý dôkaz pre takéto tvrdenie však chýba. Obrana Sokratova sa obyčajne považuje za najdôveryhodnejší zdroj o historickej osobnosti Sokrata.
The Tomb (doslovne Hrobka, vyšlo v češtine pod názvom Hrobka) je poviedka, ktorej autorom je spisovateľ Howard Phillips Lovecraft. Napísal ju v júni 1917 a prvýkrát publikoval roku 1922 v marcovom čísle časopisu The Vagrant. Je to prvá poviedka, ktorú Lovecraft ako dospelý napísal.
Advanced Construction Kit sluzi na stavbu budov spristupnenych na úrovni 2 a 3. Taktiež ho možno použit na opravu všetkých poskodenych stavieb.
Autor opisuje príbeh starca, ktorý celý život chytá ryby, počas 84 dní nechytí a nakoniec sa mu podarí na 85 deň uloviť veľkú rybu, ktorú mu však cestou späť zožerú žraloky. Prichádza len s kostrou, ktorú aj tak všetci ľudia obdivujú.
Independência total (slov. Úplná nezávislosť) je názov hymny Svätého Tomáša a Princovho ostrova, ktorá bola adoptovaná po vyhlásený nezávislosti v roku 1975. Text hymny napísal básnik Alda Neves da Graça do Espírito Santo. Hudbu hymny skomponoval Manuel dos Santos Barreto de Sousa e Almeida. Skladba Independência total je definovaná ako hymna Svätého Tomáša a Princovho ostrova v prvej hlave, štrnástom článku a druhej časti ústavy Svätého Tomáša a Princovho ostrova.
Novším typom bola 6 guľová Xantia, 1 guľa na koleso, 1 akumulačná a 1 akumulačná pre zadné brzdy systém bol už vybavený protipadacími zámkami systému, čo zabezpečilo že vozidlo počas nečinnosti neklesalo na zem.
Jazyk je doložený hieroglyfickými nápismi z neskorého preddynastického a skorého dynastického obdobia egyptských dejín. Najstarší doklad egyptského hieroglyfického písma sa objavuje na keramike Nakáda II.
Pokročila dosť ďaleko v štúdiu kužeľosečiek a nadviazala na Diofantove práce. Venovala sa hlavne aplikáciám matematiky. Pripisuje sa jej autorstvo troch veľkých pojednaniach o geometrii, algebre a astronómii. Vynašla niekoľko prístrojov: na destiláciu vody, na stanovenie mernej tiaže vody, v astrometrii sa jej pripisuje pomoc pri vývoji astrolábu pre merania na oblohe. Jej meno nesie jeden z kráterov na Mesiaci a v roku 1884 bola po nej pomenovaná planétka 238 Hypatia, ktorá má predpokladaný priemer 156 km a jej jasnosť je 12,3 mag.
Keďže sa za Gejzu Nitrianske pohraničné kniežatstvo správalo ako samostatný štát (viedlo nezávislú zahraničnú politiku, vydávalo vlastné mince (s dnešným slovenským znakom), udeľovalo vlastné tituly) rozhodol sa kráľ Šalamún roku 1073, že s tým skoncuje. Preto zaútočil na troch vládcov Nitrianskeho pohraničného kniežatstva. Ladislav viedol slovenské jednotky, Gejza biharské a pomáhalo im aj moravské knieža Oto I. Olomoucký (Gejzov príbuzný). Tieto tri armády sa spojili pri Váci (pri Ostrihome) a 14. marca 1074 sa stretli so Šalamúnovými vojskami pri Pešti (kopec Mogyoród). Šalamún utrpel totálnu porážku a zatlačili ho až k nemeckým hraniciam, čiže k Bratislave.
Bol účastníkom neúspešnej výpravy na Everest roku 1951 vedenej Ericom Shiptonom. Práve v tomto období bola cesta na Everest z Tibetu uzavretá v dôsledku čínskej okupácie krajiny. Nepál zase povoľoval iba jednu expedíciu ročne. V roku 1952 sa tak o výstup na najvyššiu horu pokúsili Švajčiari. S touto expedíciou šiel aj šerpa Tenzing, ktorý bol neskôr Hillaryho spoločníkom pri ceste na vrchol. Švajčiarska expedícia vrchol nedosiahla a asi 260 m od neho sa v dôsledku zlého počasia musela vzdať. Na ďalší rok čakal Everest na britskú výpravu. Hillary sa o tom dozvedel počas návštevy Álp v roku 1952 od priateľa Georgea Lowea, a okamžite súhlasil.
„Kým nevieš čo nesmieš“ - Robo Grigorov a Pavol Habera a Pavol Drapák a Peter Nagy - (Robo Grigorov / Robo Grigorov) - album: Z extrému do ekstrému (1993),
V januári 2013 sa plánovalo prepojenie denných trhov s elektrinou piatich štátov: Slovensko (SEPS), Česko, Maďarsko, Poľsko a Rumunsko. Prvé tri z nich sú už prepojené od septembra 2012. Začiatkom apríla 2014 bolo potvrdené, že prepojenie trhov sa očakáva od obchodného dňa 11. novebra 2014.
Zámocký park je voľne prístupný verejnosti. Využíva sa na konanie rôznych kultúrnych akcií. Jednou z najvýznamnejších je Medzinárodný hudobný festival Petra Dvorského. Zámok spravuje brnianske pracovisko Národného pamiatkového ústavu.
Toto torpédo reagovalo na hluk lodných skrutiek a hľadalo si cieľ. V hlavici malo zariadenie, ktoré reagovalo na zdroj hluku a navádzalo torpédo. To znamená, že po odpálení si samo našlo cieľ. Skonštruované bolo pre Kriegsmarine v roku 1943. Nasadené do bojov od augusta 1943. Predstavovalo prevrat v technike námorných bojov. Ponorka, ktorá ho odpálila musela ale okamžite vypnúť motory alebo sa ponoriť aby nebola sama napadnutá.
Zlomovým rokom, ktorý odštartoval medzinárodnú kariéru bol rok 2015. Zelmerlöw zvíťazil s piesňou Heroes súťaž Melodifestivalen 2015, čím získal právo reprezentovať Švédsko na medzinárodnej pesničkovej súťaži Eurovision Song Contest 2015. Súčasťou jeho vystúpenia bola aj moderná audiovizuálna šou s prepracovanou choreografiou.
Odhadovaný počet hniezdiacich párov je 10 - 400, zimujúcich jedincov 300 - 700. Veľkosť populácie i územie na ktorom sa vyskytuje výrazne narastajú o viac ako 50%. Stupeň ohrozenia S - majú vyhovujúci ochranársky status.
Sčítání lidu v republice Československé ze dne 1. prosince 1930 : Díl II. : Povolání obyvatelstva. Část 2. z r. 1935 - dostupné v Digitálnej knižnici UKB
Koncertná verzia albumu The Wall vyšla v roku 2000 na dvoch diskoch pod titulom Is There Anybody Out There? (The Wall Live 1980–81). V tejto edícii bola limitovaná verzia s diskami vloženými do prebalu knižky, v ktorej sa nachádzajú vyjadrenia tvorcov projektu, fotografie a ilustrácie z vystúpení a reprodukcie výkresových projektov pódia na pauzovacom papieri.
Mäkký plod s priemerom okolo 15 mm ukrýva kôstku, okolo ktorého sa nachádza sladká dužina bielej alebo ružovkastej farby s vysokým obsahom vody. Povrch plodu tvorí šupka, ktorá má podľa fázy zrelosti červenkastú, červenú alebo tmavočervenú farbu. Šťavnaté plody dozrievajú v našich podmienkach od mája do júla a sú významným zdrojom minerálov (horčík, železo, jód, fosfor, zinok, vápnik, draslík a kremík) a vitamínov (A, B, C, E a P).
Obrana Sokratova môže byť rozdelená na tri časti. Prvá časť je samotnou obhajobou Sokrata a obsahuje najslávnejšie časti textu. Konkrétne, rozprávanie o veštiarni v Delfách a krížové vypočúvanie Meleta. Druhou časťou je verdikt súdu a treťou trest.
Po jednej sezóne v Spartaku Moskva, Vidič podpísal zmluvu z Manchestrom United. Prestupová suma činila 7 miliónov libier. Bolo mu pridelené číslo 15. Svoj debut si odbil v semifinále Carling Cupu proti Blackburnu Rovers, keď na posledné minúty striedal Ruuda van Nistelrooya.
1981 – vytvorený „stredný článok riadenia“ Ústredie štátnej pamiatkovej starostlivosti (ÚŠPS) s troma podriadenými organizáciami: Štátny pamiatkový ústav pamiatkovej starostlivosti (ŠÚPS), Štátne reštaurátorské ateliéry (ŠRA) a Projektový ústav kultúry; zodpovednosť za ochranu prírody prešla na novovytvorené Ústredie štátnej ochrany prírody
Jiří Kroupa (ed.), V zrcadle stínů. Moravě v době baroka. 1670–1790, Paříž – Rennes – Brno 2003, s. 28, 29, 59, 130,140–141, č. kat. 30, 258
Mechúrik (lat. folliculus) je suchý viacsemenný pukavý plod, veľmi podobný struku, ale zatiaľ čo struk puká pozdĺž dvoch štrbín (deliac sa tak na dve chlopne), mechúrik puká len pozdĺž jednej, na brušnej strane. Mechúrik nájdeme u druhov rodu pivonka (Paeonia sp.).
Big Brother Awards (doslova Ceny Veľkého brata) je súťaž, v ktorej sú vybrané "vládne a súkromné organizácie ... ktoré najviac ohrozujú súkromie". Súťaž je nazvaná po postave Veľkého brata z románu Georga Orwella 1984. Je udeľovaná úradom, firmám, organizáciám a osobám, ktorých činnosť výrazne a trvalo ohrozovala alebo porušovala súkromie alebo poskytla osobné údaje tretím stranám. Účelom súťaže je pritiahnuť pozornosť verejnosti k otázkam ochrany súkromia a súvisiacim trendom v spoločnosti, najmä v oblasti ochrany dát.
Celosvetovo bolo len do roku 2006 predaných cez 300 000 licencií a viac než 50% všetkých animačných pracovísk je vybavených práve programom 3ds Max.
Je to cesta myslenia o budúcnosti, ktorá je založená na premise, že ľudia vo svojej súčasnej podobe nereprezentujú koniec vývoja, ale iba jeho ranú fázu.
Tyrant je najväčšou, najsilnejšou a najodolnejšou formou Votrelca, ale tiež najpomalšou. Jeho základný útok je dosť rýchly, ma veľký rozsah a spôsobuje vysoké zranenie. Druhotný útok po nabití umožni tyrantovi obrovskou rýchlosťou vyraziť vpred, až kým do niečoho nenarazí. Každý cieľ zasiahnutý týmto rýchlym útokom (Chargé) utrpí rozsiahle zranenia.
Nitrid titánu (TiN) patrí k najtvrdším známym látkam s tvrdosťou 9 na Mohsovej stupnici tvrdosti. Používa sa v brúsnych materiáloch, ale i na povrchovú úpravu titánových nástrojov – nitridovanie, pri ktorom je na povrchu nástroja určeného na extrémne fyzické namáhanie vytvorená tenká ochranná vrstva TiN.
Prvý album skupiny Pink Floyd The Piper at the Gates of Dawn sa tiež udržal na 6. mieste rebríčkov popularity počas 7 týždňov. Úspech týchto dvoch singlov a albumu bol už asi priveľkým sústom pre Barretta. Naplno podľahol drogám. Tlak z neúspechu jeho tretieho pokusu o hit („Apples and Oranges“) a zároveň slepé zbožňovanie od fanúšikov, drogy a iné faktory spôsobili jeho neschopnosť hrania na vystúpeniach a v štúdiu. Ostatní členovia skupiny sa preto rozhodli priviesť ďalšieho sólového gitaristu ako náhradu Sydových výpadkov. Oslovili Davida Gilmoura. Rozhodovalo sa aj o Jeffovi Beckovi (vtedy The Yardbirds), ale skupina sa (vraj) obávala, že Beck by si mohol zapýtať priveľké peniaze. Gilmour bol známy a mal dobrú povesť ako gitarista a spevák skupiny The Jokers Wild.
Epigenetický prielom bol vytvorený zarezaním sa Manínskeho potoka a rozdelil Manínske bradlo na dve časti - Veľký a Malý Manín. Vlhká mikroklíma vysokých skalných stien a bralných útvarov umožňuje výskyt horských druhov a rastlín a živočíchov v malej nadmorskej výške. Na výslnných polohách skalných stien sa nachádzajú teplomilné vápnomilné druhy. V mieste sú horolezecké cvičné terény. Smerom nahor proti prúdu Manínskeho potoka sa o niečo ďalej nachádza Kostolecká tiesňava.
Merania výšky tatranských štítov sa datujú rokom 1763, keď viedenský dvor nariadil tzv. jozefínske mapovanie, čiže kartografické spracovanie celej habsburskej monarchie. Uskutočňovali ich vtedy vojenskí merači pod vedením Waldaufa a Fleischera, ale ich výsledky neboli publikované. Zrejme na základe týchto meraní bolo v roku 1780 v diele „Geographie des Königreichs Ungarn“ uvedené, že najvyšším štítom celých Tatier je Kriváň. K takému istému záveru dospel v roku 1788 i bratislavský mineralóg Ján Fichtel, ktorý výšku Kriváňa odhadol na 3 800 m n. m. Anglický cestovateľ Robert Townson považoval za najvyšší štít Tatier Lomnický štít. Ani vedci v 19. storočí, medzi nimi i známy švédsky botanik Göran Wahlenberg, neurčili výšku tatranských vrcholov správne. Ako najvyšší uvádzali Lomnický alebo Ľadový štít. Gerlach svojou výškou figuroval až na štvrtom mieste. V rokoch 1837 a 1838 robil merania tatranských štítov Ľudovít Greiner, riaditeľ jelšavskej Lesnej správy koburgovského veľkostatku. Až on správne zistil, že najvyšším štítom Tatier je Gerlach. Verejnosť však Greinerovu informáciu neprijala. Stalo sa tak až v 70. rokoch 19. storočia.
Obec leží uprostred Východoslovenskej nížiny pri sútoku riek Trnávky a Ondavy vo výške 106 m n. m. Je pravdepodobné, že Hraň patrila v 14. storočí tamojším zemanom, nepochybne však v 14. a 15. storočí šľachticom z Lučenca a v druhej polovici 16. storočia postupne Bátoriovcom a Várdaiovcom.
Po druhej svetovej vojne modernizovali svetové mocnosti svoje vzdušné sily zavádzaním prúdových stíhacích lietadiel. Francúzska vláda taktiež zvažovala rôzne možnosti prechodu jej letectva zo zastaraných lietadiel s piestovými motormi na moderné stroje s prúdovým pohonom. V roku 1946 pripravilo velenie francúzskych vzdušných síl plán, ktorý navrhoval niekoľko alternatív. Keďže francúzsky letecký priemysel utrpel počas vojny značné škody a prúdové lietadlá domácej proveniencie neexistovali, zvažoval sa okamžitý nákup amerických F-84 Thunderjet. Ďalšou možnosťou bola licenčná výroba amerických P-80 Shooting Star alebo britských de Havilland Vampire a Gloster Meteor. Niektoré z týchto alternatív sa zrealizovali, Francúzsko však na vývoj vlastného lietadla nerezignovalo.
Jeho závery ukázali, že udalosti, ktoré opísal Homér a Vergilius majú materiálny základ a mohli byť skutočnými historickými udalosťami. Svoju Fortunu, našiel pri obchodovaní v Rusku a v zlate z Kalifornie. Zisky potom z veľkej časti venoval do financovania vykopávok. Na druhej strane, metodika vykopávok vykonávaných ním priniesla veľa nenapraviteľných archeologických chýb a strát. V tej dobe však bola archeológia len v začiatkoch.
Sokrates je tesným rozdielom hlasovaním uznaný za vinného. Platón nikde neuvádza počet porotcov a ani počet hlasov proti nemu a za jeho oslobodenie, Sokrates však hovorí, že ak by získal len o 30 hlasov viac, bol by oslobodený. Mnohí odborníci sa domnievajú, že počet porotcov bol 500 alebo 501.
Ján Kellner sa narodil v Hradisku, Rakúsko-Uhorsko, dnes na Slovensku v roku 1912, v blízkosti mesta Levoča, kam sa jeho rodina neskôr v r. 1922 presťahovala. Tam začal navštevovať katolícku chlapčenskú základnú školu a o rok neskôr gymnázium, kde zmaturoval roku 1931. V tom istom roku odchádza do Ríma študovať na Kolégium Russicum. Po dvoch rokoch štúdia filozofie a štyroch rokoch štúdia teológie na Pápežskej gregoriánskej univerzite bol vysvätený za kňaza 25. decembra 1937. Nasledujúce dva roky pokračoval v štúdiu na Pápežskom východnom inštitúte a v roku 1939 začal pôsobiť v augustiniánskom kláštore v Prahe v ruskej/rusínskej[chýba zdroj] katolíckej farnosti, s vyhliadkami na odchod do Ruska. Na začiatku druhej svetovej vojny, na žiadosť Gestapa a pod hrozbou násilnej deportácie, odchádza na Slovensko, kde krátku dobu pracoval v papierni v Ružomberku.
Pred schválením obdržala liek tisícka lekárov. Firma Chemie Grünenthal sa spojila se americkou firmou Merrell (v dnešnej dobe Sanofi), na distribúciu lieku do USA . Na rozdiel od Eúrópy zmenila názov na Kevadon. V septembri 1960 podali žiadosť na Food and Drug Administration - FDA (Úrad pre kontrolu potravín a liečiv). Žiadosť sa dostala k lekárka a farmakologička Frances Kelseyovej. Po preštudovaní žiadosti požiadala ešte o pomoc Leeho Geismara, chemika a Oyama Jiro, farmakológa. Dospeli k poznaniu, že žiadosť o účinnosti a bezpečnosti lieku nie je dostatočná. Požiadala firmu o doplnenie spisu o bezpečnosti lieku. Firma začla vyvíjať nátlak na Frances Kelseyovú kvôli schváleniu lieku . V roku 1961, vo februári si prečítala článok v odbornom časopise British Medical Journal, kde bolo naznačené, že liek môže spôsobovať poškodenie plodu v tehotenstve . V máji po ďalších skúmaniach prehlásila, že talidomid ma nepriaznivé dôsledky na plod. Firma tvrdila, že tvrdenia nie sú preukázateľné. Ku koncu roka vyšli štúdie, ktoré potvrdili poškodenia liekom u tehotných žien, firma stiahla žiadosť o registráciu lieku. Aj keď liek nebol zaregistrovaný vyskytli sa deti, ktoré sa narodili s poškodením po používaní talomidu. Vďaka dôslednosti Frances Kelseyovej sa nepočítali obete v USA talomidu na tisícky až statisíce.
Ladislav I. bol vyhlásený za svätého v roku 1192. O jeho obľube na území terajšieho Slovenska v 13. a 14. storočí svedčia kostoly zasvätené sv. Ladislavovi, ako aj časté zobrazenia na gotických freskách (Žehra, Veľká Lomnica, Necpaly, Bodice - (Okres Liptovský Mikuláš).
Na začiatku každoročných záplav sa slávil sviatok bohyne, pri ktorom ľudia hádzali do Nílu mince, zlato , šperky a ďalšie cennosti, aby vyjadrili vďačnosť za jeho životodarné vody. Počas osláv prestal platiť náboženský zákaz jedenia rybieho mäsa, ktorý jestvoval v niektorých egyptských krajoch.
Embryológia je náuka o individuálnom vývoji organizmov od oplodnenia vajíčka až po životaschopného jedinca. Podľa skúmaných objektov je embryológia rastlín, živočíchov a človeka. Jedným zo zakladateľov embryológie je Karl Ernst von Baer.
Ing. JUDr. Ivan Šimko (* 1. január 1955, Bratislava) je slovenský politik, bývalý minister vnútra a bývalý poslanec Národnej rady Slovenskej republiky.
Sčítání lidu v republice Československé ze dne 1. prosince 1930 Díl III. Ostatní data demografická (vnitřní stěhování, tělesné vady, znalost čtení a psaní, cizinci) z r. 1937 - dostupné v Digitálnej knižnici UKB
V malom množstve je titán obsiahnutý vo väčšine minerálov a medzi jeho najvýznamnejšie rudy patrí ilmenit - (FeTiO3 oxid železnato-titaničitý) a rutil (TiO2 - oxid titaničitý). Významné zásoby týchto minerálov sa nachádzajú v Austrálii, Severnej Amerike, Škandinávii a Malajzii. Významne je titán zastúpený i na mesačnom povrchu – horniny, ktoré získala misia Apollo 17 obsahujú približne 12% TiO2.
Podľa upanišád je átman totožný s brahma, ale vplyvom nevedomosti (mája) sa považuje za niečo odlišné (väčšinou sa stotožňuje s telom, mysľou, pocitmi…) a preto podlieha zákonu karmy a znovuzrodenia.
Štúdiové vybavenie a vybavenie na workshopy zahŕňa sekvencér Yamaha QY 700, HDD Korg D16, Korg Pandora PX5D a Audix Microphone. Po ukončení spolupráce s MusicData a Hughes & Kettner na konci roku 2007 si zadovážil aparáty AMPEG (Ampeg SVP-CL, Ampeg SVT PRO a Ampeg SVP-BSP) a Hafler (power amp). Na analógové efekty využíva kompletný sortiment EBS a Phaser značky George Dennis, na digitálne efekty používa Roland V-Bass, Roland GR-20 a Roland GKP-4.
Navrhnutý bol v roku 1974, o rok neskôr bol zaradený do služby. Okrem Ruska ho používa mnoho iných armád. Bol používaný v krajinách Varšavského paktu. Vyrábaný bol aj v Bulharsku, Číne a Juhoslávii.
Stredná odborná škola je druh strednej školy na Slovensku. Poskytuje predovšetkým úplné stredné odborné vzdelanie ukončené maturitnou skúškou. Dĺžka štúdia je obyčajne 4 roky. Okrem toho môže poskytovať aj dvojročné alebo trojročné štúdium v odboroch poskytujúcich stredné odborné vzdelanie. Absolventi sú určení hlavne na výkon odborných činností v technicko-hospodárskych, ekonomických, zdravotníckych, pedagogických a iných odboroch, môžu však aj študovať na vyššej odbornej škole alebo na vysokej škole.
Trať bola postavená ako súčasť veľkého projektu vedeného cez severné Čechy - českej transverzálnej dráhy z Řeteníc cez Litoměřice a Českú Lípu do Liberca. Železničná spoločnosť Ústecko-Teplická dráha tak napojila oblasť rozsiahlej ťažby hnedého uhlia medzi Krušnými horami a Českým stredohorím na rad ďalších miest - odbytísk uhlia. Trať mala svoje napojenie na ústecký prístav na Labe i štátnu železnicu z Prahy vedúcu na sever, do Drážďan. Spoločnosti rástli zisky a tak chcela kvôli úspore daní investovať.
Niekedy v nej spievala aj Keithova sestra Sheila, striedavo sa k nej pridávali iní hudobníci, najčastejšie gitaristi a tak sa podľa potreby menilo obsadenie hudobných nástrojov aj u stálejších členov. Táto skupina hrala hudbu v štýle Rhytm & Blues. Okrem coververzií vtedajších známych piesní skupina hrala skladby, ktoré napísal Ken Chapman. Juliette sa neskôr vydala za Ricka Wrighta, potom ona, Noble a Metcalf z kapely odišli.
Hámor je historické zariadenie, alebo dielňa určené na spracovanie ocele a železa. Je to technologická stavba pri vodných tokoch, kde využitím energie tečúcej vody boli poháňané kováčske buchary, dúchadlá alebo mechy na fúkanie vzduchu do pecí. Z hľadiska výroby to boli prvé zárodky manufaktúr na spracovanie ocele a výrobu kovaných výrobkov.
V sezóne 2008/09 patril predovšetkým do B tímu, napriek tomu si ho nový tréner Guardiola vybral do A mužstva. Veľa minút neodohral, no bol na ihrisku i vo finále Ligy majstrov proti Manchesteru United.
Tvrdí, že nikdy nebol takým učiteľom, ktorý by vštepoval poznanie iným. Preto nemôže byť považovaný za zodpovedného, ak sa nejaký človek stal zlým. Ak niekoho pokazil, prečo nepredstúpil ako svedok? Alebo ak si neuvedomuje svoju skazenosť, prečo nepredstúpil niekto z príbuzných namiesto neho? Veľa takýchto príbuzných je však tu na pojednávaní prítomných, aby ho podporili.
Prvotná house hudba sa zakladala predovšetkým na dance hudbe, ktorú charakterizovali opakujúce sa beaty 4/4, rytmy tvorené bicími automatmi, neobvyklé hi-hat činely a syntetizované basové linky. House sa tiež spojil s niekoľkými inými žánrami, čím sa vytvorili subžánre ako eurohouse a tech house.
Hra obsahuje množstvo lietadiel a obrnených vozidiel, ako sú tanky zo španielskej občianskej vojny do kórejskej vojny, obdobie s dôrazom druhej svetovej vojny. Hra obsahuje viac ako 350 lietadiel zo šiestich významných rôznych národov a radu pozemných vozidiel zo Sovietskeho zväzu, Nemecka, Spojených štátov, Veľkej Británie, Japonska a Talianska. Lode, ďalšie lietadlá a ďalšie pozemné vozidlá majú byť pridané neskôr. Väčšina máp v hre sa odohrávajú na základe skutočnosti ako napríklad mapy Stalingradu, Rusku alebo Peleliu, ostrov v Palau... Veľkosť mapy v hre sa pohybuje v rozmedzí od približne 65 km x 65 km do 200 km x 200 km.
Kecerovce (maď. Kecerpeklén, Kecerkosztolány, spoločne Kecer) sú obec na Slovensku v okrese Košice-okolie. Podľa ministra hospodárstva Ľubomíra Jahnátka by sa tu mohla v budúcnosti postaviť jadrová elektráreň.[1]
Brendan Morrison je stredný útočník. Je 181 cm vysoký a váži 84 kg (údaj z roku 2005). Bol draftovaný v roku 1993 z 39. miesta klubom New Jersey Devils. Štyri roky pôsobil v americkej univerzitnej súťaži, kde hrával za tím Michigan Wolverines. V roku 1997 získal Hobey Baker Award, ocenenie pre najvýznamnejšieho hokejistu univerzitnej súťaže. V NHL debutoval 4. decembra 1997 v zápase proti Pittsburgh Penguins.
Ľavostranné: dva kanály od osady Stankovce, Stredný potok, kanál začínajúci SZ od Močarian, Krásnovský kanál, kanál začínajúci JZ od obce Krásnovce, Zbinský potok, Vlčí kanál, Sliepkovský kanál, kanál pritekajúci od obce Drahňov
Peter Kaplony, Kleine Beiträge zu den Inschriften der ägyptischen Frühzeit (Ägyptologische Abhandlungen Nr. 15) Harrassowitz, Wiesbaden 1966
Dňa 9. septembra 2009 podpísal zmluvu s West Hamom na tri roky, aj keď nemal trénerskú licenciu. Vystriedal Alana Curbishleyho, za neuspokojivé výkony. Diváci West Hamu ho privítali pozitívne, aj keď hrával sedem rokov za konkurenčnú Chelsea. Ale aj keď prišiel s tímom na Stamford Bridge, fanúšikovia Chelsea ho vítali potleskom. V tíme podporuje aj mládež, pár nováčikov posunul do hlavného tímu, napr. Juniora Stanislasa, Zavona Hinesiho, Jacka Collisona a Jamesa Tomkinsa. V apríli 2009 podpísal zmluvu do konca roka 2013. Ale po zlej sezóne 2009-10, keď West Ham skončil až na 17. mieste, len päť bodov od zostupu. Dva dni po ukončení tejto sezóny v klube skončil.
7. septembra 1566 padol pri obrane Sihoti (Szigetvár) po boku Mikuláša Zrínskeho Subicha. Jeden z jeho potomkov sa stal zaujímavou osobnosťou prelomu 16. a 17. storočia. Marcus Štefan Tomáš Bosnyák de Magyarbel, ktorý bol kapitánom hradu v Šuranoch, Nových Zámkoch a vo Fiľakove, bol otcom Žofie Bošňákovej, ktorá sa stala známa ako šľachetná pani Strečnianskeho panstva.
vlastníctvo dát, viazanosť na poskytovateľa - prenesením dát do klaudu je ich majiteľ viazaný na poskytovateľa, a to i v prípade, že dôjde k poruche. Mnohí poskytovatelia sa pred týmto chránia replikovaním dát, napriek tomu je tu stále určitá miera rizika. Dáta nemá majiteľ na svojom serveri, pod svojou úplnou kontrolou, ale na prenajatom serveri u niekoho iného.
Okrem dvoch krátkych slovných výmen s Meletom, pri ktorých je dialóg napísaný v dramatickej forme, je text písaný v prvej osobe zo Sokratovho uhla pohľadu, ako keby išlo o jeho skutočnú reč pred súdom. V priebehu reči sa Sokrates dvakrát zmieni o prítomnosti Platóna na pojednávaní. Nie je však možné zistiť, ako presne sa Sokratove slová zhodujú so slovami, ktoré skutočne pred súdom povedal. Jeden súčasný kritický pohľad, podnietený zrejme úvodnými odsekmi Xenofónovej verzie Sokratovej reči, predpokladá, že Platónove dielo bolo napísané pred Xenofónovým. Xenofón totiž poznamenáva, že predchádzajúci autori nedokázali vysvetliť seba oslavný charakter Sokratovho prejavu (megalēgoria) v tvári v tvár trestu smrti. Xenofónova správa sa nezhoduje v ďalších detailoch s verziou Platóna, nikde však vyslovene netvrdí, že Platónova verzia je nepresná.
Majstrovstvá Európy vo vodnom zjazde je vrcholné európske podujatie vo vodnom zjazde, ktoré organizuje Európska kanoistická asociácia (ECA). Jeho história siaha do roku 1997, kedy sa vo Francúzsku konali prvé majstrovstvá Európy. Prebieha s 2-ročnou periodicitou. Na čele medailovej tabuľke krajín je Francúzsko.
Nemanja Vidič sa narodil v meste Užice, robotníkovi v továrni na meď vo výslužbe a bankovej úradníčke. Nemanja začal hrávať futbal v siedmich rokoch po boku staršieho brata Dušana v miestnom klube Jedinstvo Užice. Rýchlo napredoval a v dvanástich rokoch prešiel do klubu Sloboda Užice.
Astrachánska gubernia (rus. Астраханская губерния) bola jedna z gubernií Ruského impéria v rokoch 1717 - 1785 a 1796 - 1802 zriadená po zlúčení častí Kazanskej a Nižnogorodskej gubernie (1717). Podľa nariadení z 12. a 31. decembra 1796 bola gubernia opätovne zriadená. Od 15. novembra 1802 bola rozdelená na Kaukazskú a Astrachánsku guberniu. Hlavným mestom gubernie bol Astrachán.
Kvalifikačný kľúč, ktorý FIFA zvolila bol špeciálny. Keďže kvalifikácia sa nehrala, FIFA vybrala/pozvala 16 tímov, ktoré sa mali predstaviť na prvých majstrovstvách sveta FIFA podľa nasledovných kritérií:
Animals tour sa podľa Rogerových opisov zmenil na nočnú moru. Počas vystúpenia sa polovica návštevníkov koncertu zabávala po svojom. Ohňostroje a výbuchy prehlušovali hudbu. V júli už bolo z jeho prejavu cítiť, že nespieva s oduševnením, cítil sa odcudzený a znechutený. Na poslednom vystúpení v Montreale v Kanade, počas hrania videl na pletive oproti pódia, kde vystupovali zavesených fanúšikov, ktorí vlastne ani nevnímali hudbu, len nepríčetne kričali. Roger v tej chvíli pristúpil k jednému z nich, privolal si ho bližšie a napľul mu do tváre...
V Londýnskom priváte mal Roger domáceho Mikea Leonarda. Leonard mal vtedy okolo 35 rokov a bol lektorom v Hornsey Art College. Okrem architektúry sa zaujímal o umelecké prepojenie rytmu svetla a hudbou pochádzajúcou hlavne afrických z prekusných hudobných nástrojov. Doma v byte na Stanhope Gardens v Highgate mal ateliér, kde konštruoval a skúšal svetelné prístroje najčastejšie zložené z perforovaných diskov poháňaných elektromotormi. Cez disky prechádzalo svetlo, ktoré na stenách vytváralo rôzne efektné obrazce. Aj vďaka tomuto nadšencovi mala kapela k dispozícii hudobnú skúšobňu, kde mohla aj ona experimentovať so svojimi nápadmi. Mike Leonard si v tomto čase kúpil elektrický organ Farfisa Duo, na ktorom skupinu príležitostne aj sprevádzal.
Šestnásťvalcový W motor alebo aj motor W16 je piestový spaľovací motor, ktorý má šestnásť valcov v štyroch radoch. Tieto motory pozostávajú z dvoch blokov osemvalcového VR motora zvierajúcich uhol 90 stupňov. Každý z týchto bokov má dva navzájom posunuté rady po štyri valce, Kľukový hriadeľ je spoločný. Tento návrh sa líši od motora W18, ktorý Volkswagen vyrábal pre koncepty áut z roku 1998 a 1999, ktorý mal tri rady valcov (vejárový motor).
Okrem Ruska ho používa mnoho iných krajín, najmä krajiny tretieho sveta a východného bloku, a aj rôzne teroristické skupiny, napr. Al-Kaida, Taliban, Hizballah a iné. Mimo Ruska bol licenčne vyrábaný v NDR, Bulharsku, Rumunsku a Poľsku.
Reformovaný kostol, jednoloďová neogotická stavba z roku 1907. Autorom projektu je architekt A. Szilvássy. Stavbe dominuje štíhla predstavaná veža na pôdoryse osemuholníka s ihlancovou helmicou.
Parkovacia dráha je obežná dráha kozmickej sondy alebo kozmickej lode okolo Zeme (prípadne okolo Mesiaca), tvoriaca určitý pasívny úsek celkového plánovaného letu na vyčkanie vhodného okamihu štartu z hľadiska konštelácie kozmických telies, resp. dráhových charakteristík; využíva sa na kontrolu práce prístrojov a zariadení kozmickej lode. Prvý raz sa použila pri štarte kozmickej sondy Venera 1 12. februára 1961. Sonda štartovala na obežnú dráhu okolo Zeme a až z tejto parkovacej dráhy sa uskutočnil jej štart k Venuši.
správa – pri veľkých databázach je nutná pravidelná optimalizácia a čistenie, čo je spravidla veľmi nákladné. Pri niektorých dodávateľoch DaaS môže byť správa súčasťou služby, za finančne výhodnejších podmienok.
Vo vysoko zapálenej časti dialógu Sokrates tvrdí, že Atény nikdy nepostretlo také dobro ako jeho starosť o jeho spoluobčanov, že blahobyt je dôsledkom dobra (a nie opačne), že Boh nedovolí, aby zlý človek ublížil dobrému, a že – čo je najsilnejšie prehlásenie, ktoré vyvodzuje zo svojej úlohy – on je bodajúcim ovadom a štát lenivým koňom „a ako je deň dlhý, nikdy neprestanem objasňovať, tu a tam, kdekoľvek burcovať, presviedčať a karhať každého z vás.“
V tvorbe prevláda spontánnosť, geometrické tvary sú potlačené. Diela nemajú jasne určiteľný motív a divák v nich vidí to, čo sa naučil vidieť (či chce vidieť), prípadne to, čo cíti. Dominantným prvkom diel je farba.
Transhumanizmus je futurologický a filozofický koncept, ktorý sa zaoberá možnosťami transformácie človeka prostredníctvom využitia moderných technológií.
Pulzna puška je vysoko ucinnou energetickou zbraňou s dostatočne veľkým zasobnikom. V podstate kombinuje palebnu silu laserovej pušky s kadenciou tej klasickej (Rifle). Vhodná na všetky účely, okrem utekajúcich Votrelcov, keďže vystreľované projektily sa pohybuju celkom pomaly.
Advanced Dragoon predstavuje väčší cieľ ako štandardný dragoon, je však odolnejší, jeho pounce mu umožňuje skákať na väčšiu vzdialenosť, ma mierne zrýchlený útok a tiež schopnosť vystreľovať ostnaté projektily (barbs). Tie môžu byt naraz uskladnené len 3, automaticky sa však dopĺňajú.
V roku 1993 pri príležitosti 600 výročia od prvej písomnej zmienky o obci tu bol obyvateľmi postavený rímskokatolícky kostol zasvätený Sedembolestnej panne Márii.
Erupcie úzko súvisia s aktívnymi oblasťami a väčšina erupcií sa nachádza v okolí slnečných škvŕn, kde vychádza silné magnetické pole zo slnečného povrchu do koróny. Len 7% veľkých erupcií vzniká mimo aktívnych oblastí alebo v starých aktívnych oblastiach. Tento druh erupcií často súvisí so zmiznutím pokojného filamentu a trvá niekoľko hodín. Energia erupcií sa kumuluje obyčajne niekoľko hodín alebo dní, ale väčšine erupcií trvá iba niekoľko minút uvoľnenie ich energie.
Medzivládny panel o zmene klímy (iné preklady: Medzivládny panel o klimatickej zmene/pre zmenu klímy/pre klimatickú zmenu/o zmene podnebia, Medzivládny výbor pre zmenu klímy, Medzivládna skupina (odborníkov) pre klimatické zmeny/pre zmenu klímy; angl. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, skr. IPCC) je vedecký orgán poverený úlohou vyhodnocovať riziko zmeny klímy. Panel bol založený v roku 1988 Svetovou meteorologickou organizáciou (WMO) a Programom Spojených národov pre životné prostredie (UNEF). Obe organizácie sú súčasťou OSN. IPCC sa delí o Nobelovu cenu za mier s bývalým americkým viceprezidentom Al Gorom.
Od 1958 do konca školského roku 1959/60 bola v obci aj poľnohospodárska učňovská škola. Následne bola presťahovaná do Vranova nad Topľou, kde bolo zriadené poľnohospodárske učilište.
Buzz Aldrin pôvodným menom Edwin Eugene Aldrin, Jr. (* 20. január 1930, Montclair, New Jersey, USA) je bývalý americký stíhací pilot a astronaut. Bol pilotom lunárneho modulu kozmickej lode Apollo 11 a 20. júla 1969 spolu s Neilom Armstrongom ako prví ľudia pristáli na Mesiaci.
Narodil sa v madridskej štvrti Pozuelo de Alarcón, a od mlada začal hrať za mládežnícke tímy Realu Madrid. V rokoch 2004 – 2006 hral za C tím Realu, a stal sa najužitočnejším hráčom štvrtej španielskej ligy. V sezóne 2006 – 2007 hral 2. ligu za real B, ale na konci sezóny nebol pozvaný do A tímu, a preto odišiel na 2 roky na hosťovanie do Getafe. Po návrate odohral prvý zápas za A tím Realu 12. septembra 2009. V sezóne 2010 – 2011 prišli do Realu dvaja záložníci z Nemecka, Sami Khedira a Mesut Özil, a Granero väčšinu zápasov trávil na striedačke. Esteban prestúpil počas letného prestupového obdobia do anglického prvoligového tímu Queens Park Rangers
V roku 2005 Vidič vyhral anketu o najlepšieho srbského hráča ktorý hrá v zahraničí, v ktorej hlasovalo 16 kapitánov domácich ligových klubov. V roku 2007 vyhral túto anketu opäť, tentokrát ako hráč Manchestru United. V sezónach 2006-07 a 2007-08 bol zvolený do najlepšej zostavy anglickej Premier League. Bol nominovaný do ankety o najlepšieho obrancu Európy v roku 2007 a tiež do ankety FIFA.
Približne v rovnakom čase uhorský mineralóg Franz-Joseph Müller von Reichenstein pripravil rovnakú zlúčeninu, no nedokázal ju identifikovať. Oxid titaničitý znovuobjavil v roku 1795 nemecký chemik Martin Heinrich Klaproth v rutile z Uhorska (presnejšie z lokality pri Revúcej na území dnešného Slovenska), ktorý aj dokázal že je to oxid nového prvku a tento prvok pomenoval po obroch z gréckej mytológie Titanoch. Keď sa dozvedel o skoršom objave Gregora, potvrdil, že v čiernych pieskoch z Manaccanu sa tiež nachádza rovnaký prvok.
IPCC v Tretej hodnotiacej správe z roku 2001 zhrnula, že « väčšinu oteplenia pozorovaného za posledných 50. rokov možno pripísať ľudským aktivitám ». Táto pozícia bola 7. júla 2005 potvrdená medzinárodnou skupinou vedeckých akadémií krajín G8 a Brazílie, Číny a Indie.
V Xantii X2 bola zvýšená bezpečnosť bočného a čelného nárazu upravením deformačných zón, pridaním bočných airbagov, airbagu spolujazdca a spomaľovača zaseknutia pásov, ktorý znížil tlak na kľúčnu kosť pri náraze.
Elektrofilné substitúcie prebiehajú na fenole ľahšie než na benzéne, pretože substituent –OH zvyšuje elektrónovú hustotu jadra, keďže nad záporným indukčným efektom prevláda kladný mezomérny efekt (+M efekt):
M26 Pershing mal dobré balistické vlastnosti korby aj veže, čo mu poskytovalo rovnakú pasívnu ochranu ako tanku Tiger. Okrem toho mal veľmi dobrú pohyblivosť, manévrovateľnosť aj rýchlosť, Jeho kanón M3 kalibru 90 mm je zrovnateľný s 88 mm kanónom Tigra alebo stíhača tankov Jagdpanther. Pershing mal aj efektívny stabilizátor kanóna a rýchlejšie otáčanie veže. S kanónom bol namontovaný aj spriahnutý guľomet M1919A4 kalibru 7,62 mm. Taký istý guľomet bol inštalovaný v prednej časti korby, na vrchu veže bol upevnený protilietadlový guľomet kalibru 12,7 mm. Podvozok pozostával z dvojice šiestich dvojitých pojazdových kolies odpružených na torzných tyčiach. Hnacie kolesá sa nachádzali vzadu, napínacie vpredu. Okrem toho pásy napínalo päť napínacích kladiek. Pohon tanku zabezpečoval benzínový motor Ford GAF V8 o objeme 18 l, ktorý bol uložený v zadnej časti korby.
Album bol na prelome rokov 1972/ 73 nahraný v EMI Abbey Road štúdiu. Počas nahrávania Roger rozdal rôznym ľuďom, ktorý sa vtedy v blízkosti štúdia nachádzali kartičky s rôznymi otázkami typu:
Druhou možnosťou je, že Obrana Sokratova je historickým záznamom skutočnej Sokratovej obhajoby v roku 399 pred Kr. Táto možnosť výkladu sa zdá byť aj najstarším názorom. Jej stúpenci tvrdia, že ako jedno z prvých Platónových diel, nehodilo by sa, aby Platón prikrášľoval a domýšľal spomienky na svojho učiteľa, keďže mnohí, ktorí si ho pamätali, ešte žili.
1326 Prvá listinná zmienka o obci Gerlachov, ktorú založil comes Gerlach de monte sancti Georgii - gróf Gerlach zo Spišskej Soboty. Jej chotár zasahoval do Vysokých Tatier po končiar.
Do povedomia hudobnej verejnosti vstúpil Richard Scheufler aj ako pedagóg. Je autorom audioškoly Slap & Funky (1994). V roku 2000 vyšla rovnomenná videoškola ako prvá škola svojho druhu v Českej republike. V období od roku 1997 až 2002 pôsobil ako lektor na pravidelných letných Rockových kurzoch v Dobrej Vode pri Prachaticiach. Na popud študentov vznikol hudobný materiál, ktorý bol v roku 2001 zaznamenaný na albume lektorov Jednou v roce. Uskutočnil mnoho workshopov na hudobných veľtrhoch, v Prahe každoročne od roku 1991 (Huvel, Muzika 2003), v Bratislave a v zahraničí napríklad vo Frankfurte.
Keď sa potom konala hromadná svadba a Lixos si bral za manželku Kleodóru, dcéru Danaa a najády Polyxo, ani netušil, že Danaos prikázal dcéram, aby svojich manželov počas svadobnej noci zavraždili. Okrem najmladšej Hyperméstry, všetky dcéry príkaz otca splnili a za tento hrozný skutok si po smrti vyslúžili od bohov večný trest nosiť v podsvetí do deravého suda vodu.
Nasledovať tento úspech bolo pre členov skupiny veľmi ťažké. Mali vlastne dosiahnuté to, čo bolo cieľom každej rockovej skupiny a teraz mali pocit bezmocnosti. V tom čase začali s experimentovaním so všetkými možnými nástrojmi. Od nástrojov prešli k veciam všedného života. Skúšali hrať na fľaše, pracie dosky (rumple) atď. Po niekoľkých experimentoch s nimi tento nápad skupina zavrhla a začala pracovať na albume Wish You Were Here.
Po tom, čo v marci 2010 vydali pieseň "Painting Flowers" na album "Almost Alice", soundtrack k filmu Alica v krajine zázrakov, začali písať materiály na ich štvrtý album, ktorý mal byť prvým albumom u major labelu Interscope Records.
Chlapec dostáva meno hneď po obriezke, kedy mohel prednáša požehnanie, ktoré obsahuje pomenovávaciu formulku - „nech je v Izraeli nazývaný menom ..., syn (otcove meno)“. Dievča dostáva meno, keď je jej otec vyvolaný po jej narodení k Tóre a potom chazan alebo gabaj odrieka požehnanie nazývané mišeberach.
Na Aldrinovu počesť bol v roku 1970 jeden z kráterov blízko miesta pristátia Apolla 11 (selenografické súradnice 1,4° s. š., 22,1° v. d., priemer 3 km) pomenovaný jeho menom. Jeho priezvisko nesie tiež planétka 6470 Aldrin, ktorú objavil v roku 1982 na observatóriu na Kleti Antonín Mrkos.
13. novembra 1890 podstúpil operáciu ucha v meste Halle v Nemecku, a potom odišiel na odporúčanie lekárov do Talianska. Na Vianoce v roku 1890 odpadol v Neapole na námestí Piazza della Santa Carita, kde ho našli v bezvedomí bez dokladov a bez peňazí, oblečeného len v ľahkom kabáte. Schliemann, jeden z najslávnejších ľudí sveta, umrel nepoznaný nasledujúci deň v nemocnici v Neapole a až neskôr našli vo vrecku jeho kabáta list, ktorý preukázal jeho totožnosť.
virtuálne rozdelenia a repliky – pri databázach klaud sa automaticky vytvárajú repliky dát na viacerých serveroch, čo zaisťuje vysokú bezpečnosť dát.
Ostrov Île de la Cité bol osídľovaný od 1. storočia pred Kr., keď ho začal obývať galský kmeň Pariziov. V ranom stredoveku bol po prvýkrát osídlený pravý breh Seiny. Od konca 19. storočia bola štvrť Le Marais osídlená významným židovským obyvateľstvom, ulica Rue des Rosiers bola srdcom ich spoločenstva s veľkým množstvom kašrutských reštaurácií. Od 90. rokov minulého storočia ovplyvnila gayská kultúra túto štvrť a bolo otvorených mnoho barov a kaviarní v priestore pri radnici.
Po nástupe na post riaditeľa Meyer zaviedol na Bauhause niekoľko zmien, z ktorých je zaiste najdôležitejšie rozšírenie teoreticko-vedeckého základu výučby a vôbec zvedečtenie metódy výtvarnej práce. Celá rada vynikajúcich odborníkov z oboru psychológie, filozofie, fyziky a pod. bola pozvaná k prednáškam na škole (bol medzi nimi aj český výtvarný teoretik Karel Teige). Veľa stavieb v tejto dobe ešte Meyer nezrealizoval. Oveľa väčší je jeho význam na poli teoretickom. Môžeme hneď pripomenúť, že Hannes Meyer je predstaviteľom úplne extrémneho funkcionalizmu. Neuznáva umeleckú zložku architektúry a slovo umenie alebo architektúra sa u neho vyskytuje len zriedka.
Singularita - ide o vznik vedomej umelej inteligencie. Termín singularita zaviedol spisovateľ sci-fi Vernor Vinge v roku 1993. Perspektívam singularity sa dnes intenzívne venuje Ray Kurzweil.
Vedie ňou zeleno značkovaný chodník z obce Belá-Dulice na Chatu pod Borišovom. V hornej časti sa nachádza rekreačné stredisko Havranovo a v bočných dolinách množstvo súkromných chát.
Od 1860 pracovník lesnej správy v Banskej Bystrici, 1861 – 1868 prednášal na Baníckej a lesníckej akadémii v Banskej Štiavnici, 1868 – 1903 lesný radca v Slovenskej Ľupči, Užhorode, Sigheti, Lugoji a i. Autor maďarskej príručky o poľovníctve, odborné články uverejňoval v Erdészeti Lapok (1891) a vo Vadász Lap (1891 – 1893, 1903).
Pancierovanie bočného pásu dosahovalo hrúbku 369 – 408 mm sekundárny pás mal hrúbku 198 mm. Pancier veže mal hrúbku 500 mm barbety (veže delostrelectva) mali na čele hrúbku až 650 mm, pričom hmotnosť veže hlavného delostrelectva mali hmotnosť až 2 500 ton. paluba mala len jediný pancierový pás o hrúbke 231 mm.
V roku 1083 dosiahol kanonizáciu prvých uhorských svätcov: sv. Štefana I. a jeho syna Imricha, biskupa Gerharda (Gellérta) a pustovníkov Andreja Svorada a Benedikta. Založil biskupstvá vo Veľkom Varadíne (Oradea, Nagyvárad) a Záhrebe.
Lykon, o ktorom podľa jedného odborníka „nevieme nič okrem toho, že bol hovorcom profesionálnych rečníkov.“ Sokrates hovorí, že Lykon sa pridal k obžalobe ako hovorca rečníkov. Niektorí odborníci ako napríklad Debra Nails, považujú Lykona za otca Autolyka, ktorý sa objaví v Xenofónovom diele Sympózium.
Králi Eurypontovcov od ich mýtického zakladateľa Prokla, až do obdobia okolo polovice siedmeho storočia pred Kr. nie sú historicky doložení a s veľkou pravdepodobnosťou patria do oblasti mýtov. Práve u týchto kráľov Eurypontovcov sú v zoznamoch na rozdiel od zoznamu rodu Agiovcov u antických historikov nezhody. Ako príklad v zozname Herodota sa kráľ Sóos ako následník Prokla nenachádza, ale u neskorších autorov napr. u Plutarcha a Pausania sa uvádza. Diodoros vo svojej knihe poskytuje podľa neho detailnú chronológiu najstarších kráľov v ktorej chýbajú mená niektorých kráľov uvedených Herodotom. Diodoros píše, že osemdesiat rokov po tradičnej Trójskej vojne (1104 pred Kr.) začal vládnuť Prokles, ktorý vládol 49 rokov a ďalší jeho nástupcovia v poradí Prytanis 49 rokov, Eunomos 45 rokov, Chariláos 60 rokov, Nikandros 38 rokov, a Theopompos 47 rokov. Diodoros tvrdí, že prvá olympiáda (776 pred Kr.) sa konala počas posledne uvedeného kráľa. Tých nezhôd je v zoznamoch starších kráľov viac.
Dnes je Konzervatórium v Bratislave jedných z vyspelých európskych hudobných učilíšť s vlastnými hudobnými telesami, koncertnou a umeleckou činnosťou, spolupracujúce so zahraničím, rozhlasom, televíziou, Slovenskou filharmóniou, SND a inými scénami.
Osobitné postavenie v Richardovom profesionálnom živote prináleží spolupráci so synom Richardom (28.9.1988, Partizánske), oficiálne pod názvom Scheufler Project. História sa zopakovala a syn Richard povedal hudbe svoje áno už v ranom detstve. Po boku otca účinkoval v kapele King Size, ktorej stálymi hosťami sú dodnes. V dvanástich sa podieľal na nahrávaní popového albumu kapely Damiens Nechci zůstat sám, ktorý Richard starší spoluprodukoval, absolvoval turné s Lenkou Filipovou a spolupracoval i na otcovom druhom sólovom albume Between us (Scheufler’s Records, 2008). Od roku 2004 sú obaja stálymi hosťami v rockovej opere Antigona.
Titán ako nový prvok prvýkrát identifikoval amatérsky geológ William Gregor (povolaním pastor a neskôr vikár farnosti Creed v Cornwalle) v roku 1791, ktorý si všimol, že čierny piesok z náplavov v susednej obci Manaccan je priťahovaný magnetom. Tento piesok bol minerál ilmenit a jeho analýzou Gregor zistil, že je tvorený dvoma oxidmi - železa a nového, dovtedy neidentifikovaného prvku (oxid titaničitý). Svoj objav oznámil Kráľovskej geologickej spoločnosti Cornwallu (Royal Geological Society of Cornwall) a taktiež ho publikoval aj v nemeckom vedeckom časopise Creel's Annalen.
Študoval na gymnáziu v Čáslavi, roku 1922 – 1928 na Prírodovedeckej fak. KU v Prahe. Roku 1929 RNDr., 1947 mimoriadny, 1966 univerzitný profesor. Pôsobil ako profesor gymnázií, v roku 1930 – 1945 v Banskej Bystrici. V roku 1947 – 1950 prof. Pedagogickej, 1950 – 1974 Prírodovedeckej fak. UK v Bratislave, 1950 – 1952 dekan Prírodoveckej fak. UK. Počas štúdií sa venoval možnostiam využitia polarografie v chemickej analýze, neskôr aj problémom jadrovej chémie. Autor a spoluautor monografických prác, štúdií v domácich i zahraničných odborných časopisoch, vysokoškolských a stredoškolských učebníc, ktoré i prekladal z češtiny a ruštiny. Účastník protifašistického odboja a SNP, pracovník redakcie časopisu Bojovník. Populizátor prírodných vied, člen redakčných rád časopisov.
Bořeň (nem. Borschen) je skalnatý vrch, ktorý sa nachádza južne od Bíliny v Českom stredohorí. Vypína sa vysoko nad údolím rieky Bíliny, v spodnej časti je čiastočne zarastený lesom. Vrchol sa nachádza vo výške 539 m n. m. Tvorí výraznú dominantu ako mesta Bíliny tak i celého Českého stredohoria. Vďaka svojej charakteristickej siluete je veľmi dobre viditeľný aj z mnohých vzdialených miest (napr. zo Žatca).
Duša je umelo upravený vodný tok na východe Slovenska, pravostranný prítok Laborca, s ktorým tečie súbežne a do ktorého ústi na jeho dolnom toku. Od preložky Duše na strednom toku, západne od Michaloviec (preložka niekedy označovaná ako Duša I.), je tok označovaný ako Dolná Duša. Na dolnom toku bola vybudovaná ďalšia preložka označovaná ako Vrbnická preložka Duše. Vodný tok preteká územím regiónu Dolný Zemplín, cez okresy Michalovce a Trebišov, je tokom V. rádu. Dosahuje celkovú dĺžku 41,1 km, zaberá povodie s veľkosťou 182,174 km² a priemerná lesnatosť povodia je cca 10 %.
Nick Mason v životopisnej knihe Inside Out: A personal History of Pink Floyd charakterizuje Watersa v ére The Wall ako egomaniaka. Bolo to v čase, keď sa rozhodol vyhodiť zo skupiny Wrighta po jeho osobných problémoch, ktoré začali narušovať výrobu albumu. Wright zostal so skupinou ako externe platený hudobník, kým Waters viedol kompletnú zostavu skupiny v činnosti počas celej koncertnej šnúry, ktorá nasledovala. Gilmour mal postavenie hudobného dramaturga.
Je chválený za svoj agresívny defenzívny štýl. V súčasnosti je považovaný za jedného z najlepších obrancov v Anglicku aj v Európe. Vida, ako ho prezývajú spoluhráči, je vysoko hodnotený za svoju fyzickú postavu, schopnosť hlavičkovať ako v defenzíve, tak aj v ofenzíve a za statočnosť. Kvôli tomuto, je kľúčovou osobnosťou United a je často porovnávaný z bývalým obrancom Manchestru Stevom Bruceom, pre ich podobnosť.
All Time Low je americká pop punková skupina z Baltimoru v Marylande, ktorí sa sformovali v roku 2003. Skupina sa skladá z hlavného speváka a gitaristu Alexandra Gaskartha, hlavného gitaristu Jacka Barakata, basového gitaristu Zacharyho Merricka a bubeníka Riana Dawsona. Meno kapely je vzaté z piesne "Head on Collision" od New Found Glory.
Nešťastie vyvolalo veľké emócie a mnoho otázok. Objavili sa špekulácie, že Kalma mohol byť mnohým ľuďom nepohodlný, pretože rázne vystupoval proti podvodom pri dovozoch ojazdených áut zo zahraničia. Vyšetrovanie nehody túto teóriu nepotvrdilo a skončilo sa výsledkom, že skutočne išlo o nehodu.
Pomocou konzolového príkazu /devmap x (kde x je skrátený názov zvolenej mapy) je možné hru spustiť v simulovanom režime jedného hráča aj bez prístupu do siete, ale hra samotná neposkytuje možnosť hrania proti počítačom ovládaným súperom (botom). Hoci záujem o takúto formu off-line hrania je z reakcií na oficiálnych aj neoficiálnych Tremulous fórach zrejmý, žiaden užívateľ zatiaľ neprejavil seriózny záujem venovať sa tvorbe akejkoľvek formy botov.
Primárna výzbroj pozostávala z deviatich 460mm diel kalibru 45. Bol to najväčší kaliber aký bol v dejinách namontovaný na loď. A to v troch trojhlavňových vežiach, dve na prove, jedna na korme, pričom každá mala hmotnosť 2 500 t. Sekundárna výzbroj pozostávala z dvanástich 155 mm (60. cal.). Bola uložená v štyroch trojhlavňových vežiach jedna nad primárnym delostrelectvom v prednej časti, druhá takisto nad primárnym delostrelectvom v zadnej časti a zvyšné dve po stranách v strede trupu (pri prestavbe odstránené a nahradené ľahkým protilietadlovým delostrelectvom). Po oboch bokoch trupu nad 155mm vežami boli tri strelištia dvojhlavňových 127mm kanónov (40 cal.).
Porazený Šalamún potom v rokoch 1074 – 1081 ako protikráľ okupoval s výdatnou podporou nemeckého vládcu Henricha IV. Bratislavu, Devín a okolie, ako aj Šopron a Mošon a okolie, a urobil z Bratislavy svoje sídlo. V Bratislave naňho neustále útočil Ladislav so svojimi vojskami.
Celkovo odohral za slovenskú reprezentáciu 117 zápasov, zaznamenal 37 gólov. Za československú reprezentáciu odohral 8 zápasov a strelil 1 gól.
16. júla 1953 sa stal rytierom Radu britského impéria (KBE) a v roku 1987 členom Radu Nového Zélandu (ONZ). 23. apríla 1995 získal Podväzkový rad.
Hlavný, severozápadný vrchol má 2428 m, juhovýchodný 2419 m. Oddeľuje ich Rumanova štrbina. V severovýchodnej stene možno rozoznať tri piliere. V spodnej časti pravého piliera sa týči Rumanov Mních. Od Gánku ho delí Gánková štrbina, od Zlobivej Vyšná Zlobná štrbina.
Muničný sklad je zdrojom všetkého ľudského vybavenia. V jeho blízkosti môžu lúdia vybavenie nakupovať a predávať a takisto doplňovať municiu, ale len do zbraní používajúcich klasickú municiu.
K modernizácii viaduktu priu Zahrádkach na Českolipsku došlo v lete 2013 a počas prác bola na trati medzi Blíževedly a Českou Lípou výluka s nasadením náhradnej autobusovej dopravy.
Neskôr v novembri 2009 kapela oznámila, že podpísali zmluvu s Interscope Records a o mesiac neskôr boli ocenení ako "Najlepšia Pop Punk Kapela" od Top In Rock Awards.
2. stupeň - naladený pozná časť symbolov, ktorých používanie modifikuje a umocňuje účinky rejki, naladenie 2. stupňa dokáže teraz pôsobiť nie len bezprostredným dotykom dlaní, ale aj na diaľku (aj na druhý koniec zemegule).
Kryonika - ide o technológiu zmrazovania ľudského tela na veľmi nízku teplotu, tak aby bolo možné telo v budúcnosti oživiť a opraviť poškodenia a vyliečiť choroby. Priekopníkom kryoniky je americká nadácia Alcor Life Extension Foundation so sídlom v Scottsdale v Arizone, USA.
Nešťastný z house hudobnej scény v USA sa presťahoval v roku 2003 do Holandska, a následne v roku 2006 do Španielska. V roku 2008 vydal singel „Get Sharky“ (vydaný ako The Ian Carey Project), ktorý dosiahol 2. miesto v Austrálii a vstúpil do prvej desiatky v Spojenom kráľovstve, Novom Zélande a Belgicku. V Austrálii získal dve platinové platne a na Novom Zélande zlatú platňu. Skladba tiež vyhrala cenu počas MTV Australia Awards 2009 v kategórii Best Dance Video.
Najdôležitejšou vlastnosťou titánu je jeho odolnosť voči korózii, ako aj nerozpustnosť vo väčšine roztokov zriedených kyselín, hoci v koncentrovaných kyselinách sa rozpúšťa. S hodnotou E° −0,42 V by mal vytláčať vodík z vody, no táto reakcia prakticky neprebieha. Na povrchu sa totiž vytvára pasivačná vrstva oxidu titaničitého, ktorá zabraňuje ďalšej korózii.
Je to tuhá bezfarebná kryštalická látka s charakteristickým zápachom. Na svetle a vzduchu postupne ružovie až hnedne a pôsobením kyslíka zvetráva. Fenol je najjednoduchším zástupcom skupiny aromatických hydroxyderivátov – fenolov.
Tesne pred vznikom Slovenského štátu, počas tzv. Homolovho puču 10. marca 1939 bol internát obkľúčený tankmi československej armády a študenti sa na ňom zabarikádovali. Počas vojny tu bola Vyššia vodcovská škola Hlinkovej mládeže a istý čas aj Akademická Hlinkova garda. Na pôde internátu počas vojny niekoľko rokov pôsobila zaujímavá postava – jezuita Tomislav Kolakovič z Chorvátska, ktorý pripravoval študentov na život Cirkvi v totalite. Založil spoločenstvo Rodina, ktoré po celom Slovensku zorganizovalo mnoho svojich buniek. Počas Slovenského štátu bývalo na internáte cca 500 študentov. V tomto období sa začalo so stavbou ďalšieho vysokoškolského katolíckeho internátu na Wilsonovej ulici v Bratislave.
Titán (lat. titanium) je chemický prvok v Periodickej tabuľke prvkov, ktorý má značku Ti a protónové číslo 22. Je to ľahký, pevný, lesklý prechodný kov oceľového vzhľadu, odolný voči korózii (aj v morskej vode, v kyselinách, resp. v prítomnosti chlóru). V prírode sa titán vyskytuje len v podobe zlúčenín, najrozšírenejšími minerálmi sú rutil a ilmenit.
^ Fotografia objektu. Kliknutím na obrázok sa zobrazí zväčšený náhľad. Nahratím obrázku na Wikimedia Commons sa tento zoznam nijako nezmení, takže v prípade potreby treba upraviť tento zoznam tak, aby sa nahratý obrázok zobrazil aj tu.
Bol hlboko veriacim kresťanom, ale zároveň aj odvážnym a bojovným kráľom. Obdobie jeho vlády bolo obdobím relatívneho mieru a upokojenia dynastických bojov Arpádovcov. Okrem dobrých vzťahov k Poľsku sa snažil aj o spojenectvo s Kyjevskou Rusou. Dokladom toho je, že jednu zo svojich dcér vydal za Vladimíra Monomacha.
Pri návrhu riešenia sa architekti inšpirovali vzhľadom ľadovcov, ktoré pokrývajú stráne viacerých štítov Veľkého Kaukazu, vytvárajúceho horskú kulisu pobrežného mesta Soči. Pri pohľade na hory spred na štadióna má pozorovateľ dojem, akoby bola aréna pokračovaním horského masívu. Podľa iných zdrojov má štadión predstavovať horu snehu.
Brambory sú obec v Česku v okrese Kutná Hora v Stredočeskom kraji. 1. januára 2012 tu žilo 108 obyvateľov, z toho 52 mužov a 56 žien, pričom priemerný vek v obci bol 44,8 roka (muži 44,5 roka, ženy 45,0 roka).
K 90. výročiu otvorenia trate bola v roku 1988 uskutočnená prvá historická jazda, v rámci ktorej bol vypravený špeciálny vlak ťahaný parnou lokomotívou. Železničiari aj mnohí cestujúci boli oblečení v historickom oblečení a celú akciu sprevádzala živá hudba.
Stotnik Jack Harkness, ki ga igra škotsko-ameriški igralec John Barrowman, je vodja Torchwooda 3. Rodil se je v 51. stoletju in je sprva bil časovni agent, a po izgubi dveh let spomina se je zatekel k prevarantskim dejanjem v 20. stoletju. Takrat je tudi ukradel identiteto "stotnika Jacka Harknessa"; njegovo pravo ime ostaja neznano. Jack se je otresel svojih kriminalnih spon, ko je postal spremljevalec devetega ter desetega Doktorja v Doctor Who-ju. V 19. stoletju, potem ko je postal nesmrten, se je pridružil inštitutu Torchwood in sčasoma postal vodja valižanske podružnice inštituta. Zaradi svoje nesmrtnosti je živel dolgo življenje, bil je priča smrti svojega brata in nešteto drugih ter skozi leta osvojil mnoga srca, tako moških kot žensk.
Polk je bil ustanovljen 15. novembra 1940 kot polk 14. vala na področju Langenaua iz osebja 331., 332. pehotnega polka in 347. pehotnega polka ter dodeljen 335. pehotni diviziji.
Johansson je v švedski ligi igral za klube IF Troja Ljungby, Färjestads BK in Leksands IF. V sezonah 1988/89, 1996/97 in 1997/98 je osvojil naslov švedskega državnega prvaka, vse s klubom Färjestads BK, za katerega je skupno igral devet sezon. Leta 1985 ga je kot 80. na NHL naboru izbral klub Calgary Flames, za katerega je igral v sezonah 1989/90, 1990/91 in 1992/93. V ligi NHL, kjer je igral tudi za klub Chicago Blackhawks v sezoni 1994/95, je skupno odigral 166 tekem, na katerih je dosegel 9 golov in 35 podaj.
marinska kurtina ali kurtina Liesse – stene povezujeta bastijon svetega Petra in Pavla ter svete Barbare. Prvotno je imela vrata Del Monte, ki so bila porušena in zamenjana z Viktorijinimi vrati v 19. stoletju;
Airbus A330neo (new engine option - opcija novega motorja) je dvomotorno širokotrupno reaktivno potniško letalo razvito na podlagi Airbusa A330. Neo ima novejše motorje Rolls-Royce Trent 7000, spremenjeno krilo z večjim razponom (64 m) in druge izboljšave. Novo letalo naj bi porabilo 14% manj goriva kot klasični A330. Rolls-Royce bo edini ponudnik motorja, enako kot pri A350. Do julija 2014 so zbrali okrog 121 naročil.
Catherine Deneuve je francoska filmska igralka. Nastopila je v mnogih filmskih vlogah, mdr. v filmih Black Diamond, Persepolis, The Musketeer, The Hunger, itd.
Statistika in podatki o igralcu na uradnih straneh lige MLB, ESPN, Baseball-Reference.com, Fangraphs.com, The Baseball Cube, in Baseball-Reference (za nižje podružnice)
Sodoben vhod je iz leta 1925, ko je bil vhod v jamo razširjen z eksplozivom. Uničili so nekaj dragocenih podob in epigrafov. Jeklena konstrukcija je bila zgrajena za sprejem številnih romarjev. Posvetilni napisi te prenove kažejo zelo različne donatorje, ne samo iz teravadske skupnosti, ampak tudi hindujskih, kitajskih in celo muslimanskih skupnosti. Med prenovo so nekatere podobe odnesli v bližnji samostan. Na žalost je bilo med drugo svetovno vojno v bombnem napadu uničenih nekaj teh podob. Dvigalo je bilo dodano v novejšem času.
Pritisnjeno ravnino v Evklidskem prostoru krivulj lahko opišemo tudi s pomočjo Frenet-Serretovih obrazcev kot linearno ogrinjačo tangent in pravokotnih (normalnih) vektorjev.
Smithovo prvo oblikovanje Macintoshove osnovne plošče je bilo narejeno po navodilih Raskina; imel je 64K pomnilnika, uporabljal je počasni Motorolin mikroprocesor 6809E in imel črno-bel zaslon z ločljivostjo 256 x 256. Buda Tribbla, Macintoshevega programerja je zanimalo poganjanje Lisinih grafičnih programov na Macintoshu in je tako vprašal Smitha, če bi lahko vključil Lisin mikroprocesor Motorola 68000 v Macintosha, ne da bi dvignil ceno. Do decembra 1980 je Smith uspel oblikovati osnovno ploščo, ki ni le izkoristila procesorja 68000, ampak ga tudi pohitrila s 5 MHz na 8 MHz; imela je celo 384 × 256 grafiko. Smithovo oblikovanje je potrebovalo manj RAM čipov kot Lisa in računalnik je bil posledično mnogo cenejši. Inovativno oblikovanje je prtegnilo pozornost Steva Jobsa. Uvidel je, da je Macintosh lahko bolje prodajan od Lise in začel usmerjati svojo pozornost na projekt Macintosh in njegove člane. V januarju 1981 je popolnoma prevzel projekt in s tem prisilil Raskina v dopust.
Bil je prvi Goričan, ki je v srednjem veku postal škof. Njegova pot se je začela v Gorici, kjer je deloval kot vikar, kasneje pa je postal tudi župnik v župniji Miren.
nemir v statični strukturi vasi navadno povzroči »tujec« (osebe so jasno ločene na »domače«, ki prebivajo na deželi (tudi plemeniti posestniki, učitelj, župnik, kmečki posestniki), in »tuje«);
Od leta 1361 do 1541, ki so ga zasedli Turki, je bil prestolnica Ogrskega kraljestva. Prestolnica kraljestva se je preselila v Bratislavo, ki se je takrat imenovala Pozsony (madžarsko) oziroma Prešporok (slovaško).
Muri in Macograf sestavita Mačjo kroniko o dogodkih v času sejma, ki je dopolnjena z atraktivnimi, živimi slikami zloglasnega mačjega pretepa.
V zraku je bil lahko prepoznaven po repnem smernem krmilu, ki je imelo obliko hrbtne plavuti morskega psa. Tako kot Spitfira in Westland Whirlwinda ga odlikuje čudovita aerodinamična oblika. Nič čudnega, saj je ravno konstruktor Mosquita dejal: "Letalo čudne oblike lahko čisto spodobno leti, lepo oblikovano letalo pa zmeraj lepo leti!". Zakoni aerodinamike so neizprosni.
Bistvo sistema zračenja: vsaka jama mora imeti vsaj dva izhoda na površino. Svež zrak vstopa v jamo pri eni odprtini in teče k izhodu ob katerem je postavljen močan sesalni ventilator. Ob njem se ustvarja zračni podtlak, zato sem doteka zrak iz jamskih prostorov z večjim zračnim pritiskom. Zračni tok vodijo in uravnavajo še z zračnimi pregradami in zračilnimi vrati.
CANDU reaktor generira elektriko precej podobno kot termoelektrarna: kontrolirana jedrska reakcija sprošča toploto, ki se uporablja za generiranje pare, ta para potem žene konvencionalno parno turbino. CANDU uporablja dva hladilna cikla, podobno kot tlačnovodni reaktor. V primarnem ciklu je težka voda, ki služi kot moderator in kot hladilno sredstvo, težka voda je pod visokim tlakom, tako da ne zavre. Težka voda potem v izmenjevalniku (uparjalniku) prenese toploto na sekundarni hladilni cikel, ki ima običajno "lahko" vodo. Para potem žene parno turbino.
Zgornji primer nakazuje, da lahko določimo množico A s Hausdorff-Bezikovičevo razsežnostjo s, če je njena s-razsežna Hausdorffova mera pozitivna in končna. V bistvu moramo to malo spremeniti. Hausdorff-Bezikovičeva razsežnost A je odsekana vrednost s, kjer je spodaj s, s-razsežna Hausdorffova mera enaka ∞ in nad s enaka 0. Možno je, da je s-razsežna Hausdorffova mera s-razsežne množice enaka 0 ali ∞. R ima, na primer, razsežnost 1 in njena 1-razsežna Hausdorffova mera je neskončna.
Fužina je bil prvotni industrijski obrat, v katerih so železovo rudo pretopili in s pomočjo oglja predelali v železo in jeklo, spadajo v metalurgijo železa in jekla. Na področju Slovenije je že od antike delovalo veliko manjših topilnic železa, od prve polovice 16.stoletja pa tudi velikih fužin.
Leta 1909 je Beers ustanovil Nacionalni komite za mentalno higieno. Leta 1913 pa je odprl prvo klinično ambulantno za duševno zdravje v Združenih državah Amerike.
Urška Lampret se je rodila 1987, Ani in Janezu Rožman, ter je bila tretja od šestih otrok. Ima štiri brate: Davida, Janeza, Domna in Bernarda, ter sestro Lucijo Rožman. Osnovno šolo je obiskovala v Predosljah pri Kranju. Šolanje je nadaljevala na Gimnaziji Kranj
Zgornji vrtovi Barrakka (malteško Il-Barrakka ta 'Fuq) so javni park v Valletti na Malti. Spodnji vrtovi Barrakka (malteško Il-Barrakka t'Isfel) so prav tako park v Valletti in ponujajo panoramski pogled na pristanišče (Grand Harbor). So na dnu bastijona svetega Krištofa, dela mestnega obzidja.
Alpsko smučanje na Zimskih olimpijskih igrah 1936 v ženski kombinaciji. Zlato medaljo je osvojila Christl Cranz, srebrno Käthe Grasegger, bronasto pa Laila Schou Nilsen.
11. oktobra 2013 je norveški Nobelov odbor napovedal nagrado organizaciji za "obsežno delo za odpravo kemičnega orožja". Zaradi mučne uporabe takšnega orožja tudi v Siriji terjajo "da je treba okrepiti prizadevanja, da se odpravi takšno orožje."
Integrirana avtobusna linija številka 56 Ljubljana – Dobrova – Vrzdenec – Šentjošt je ena izmed 33 avtobusnih linij javnega mestnega prometa v Ljubljani, Občini Dobrova-Polhov Gradec in Občini Horjul. Avtobusi so po njej kot integrirani liniji prvič zapeljali 4. marca 2013. Potekata v smeri vzhod - zahod in povezujeta center mesta Ljubljane preko Viča s Podsmreko, z Dobrovo, z naselji v Horjulski dolini do Šentjošta.
Imenovan tudi "starec z gore" (Alamut).Osnoval je politično religiozno sekto asasinov (hasasinov). Iz trdnjave Alamut v zahodni Perziji so njegovi pristaši morili ortodoksne muslimanske vladarje in napadali križarje. Svoje pristaše je poslal na izvršitev nalog, omamljene s hašišem. Sekto in grad Alamut so uničili v sredini 13. stoletja v času mongolskega vpada.
Obzidje ob strani, ki gleda na pristanišče Marsamxett, izhaja iz bastijona svetega Mihaela, dela, obrnjenega proti Valletti, in se konča na bastijonu svetega Jurija v utrdbi svetega Elma. Ima te značilnosti:
Grupa avtomorfizmov Hoffman-Singletonovega grafa je grupa reda 252.000 izomorfna PΣU(3,52), poldirektnemu produktu projektivni posebni unitarni grupi PSU(3,52) s ciklično grupo reda 2, tvorjeno s Frobeniusovim avtomorfizmom. Hoffman-Singletonov graf je točkovno in razdaljnoprehoden, ter zato simetričen.
Zaradi zapisanega so predstavniki MOL, podjetja LPP in Občina Dobrova-Polhov Gradec leta 2012 pristopili k pogajanjem za integracijo linije v sistem ljubljanskega javnega potniškega prometa. V taki obliki je medkrajevna proga obratovala le še do marca 2013. Po tem datumu se je znižala cena vozovnic, pristojni pa upajo, da bo zaradi tega vedno več ljudi pričelo uporabljati javni prevoz. Povečala naj bi se tudi pretočnost prometa na mestnih vpadnicah in zmanjšale emisije škodljivih delcev v ozračju. Delno je bil spremenjen vozni red, trasa linije je bila s Kozarij preusmerjena skozi Podsmreko, v centru mesta pa je bila trasa s Bleiweisove in Tivolske preusmerjena na Aškerčevo in Slovensko cesto.
Leta 1686 se je dve leti po neuspešnem obleganju Budima začela nova kampanja za osvoboditev mesta. Vojska Svete lige je bila tokrat dvakrat večja. Štela je več kot 74.000 mož, med katerimi so bili nemški, nizozemski, angleški, španski, češki, francoski, hrvaški, burgundski, danski in švedski vojaki ter drugi evropski prostovoljci, topničarji in častniki. Osmanska garnizija je štela samo 7.000 mož. Krščanska vojska je po 78 dneh obleganja z ogromnimi izgubami mesto osvojila. Po osvojitvi mesta se je vanj začelo priseljevati meščanstvo iz različnih pokrajin južne Nemčije, ki je delno izrinilo in delno asimiliralo tamkajšne Madžare in Srbe.
Obradović v tem času veliko odnese v učenju. Italijanski jezik mu postane domač v Dalmaciji, grščina, stara in govorjena, postane bližja. Že kot otrok je odraščal v dvojezičnem okolju, zdaj je znal še nemško, angleško, francosko, rusko, albansko, italijansko, latinsko in grško. Po 40 letih potovanj je obnavljal vse doslej naštete jezike, obiskal pa tudi še Poljsko, Romunijo, Rusijo, Dunaj, Trst. Prva srbska vstaja se zgodi, ko biva v Trstu. Priključi se vstajnikom, najprej kot posrednik med Rusijo in mlado Srbijo, zbira obvestila in pripravlja različne listine, nato pa na vabilo Karađorđe Petrovića postane prvi srbski minister za izobraževanje.
V več pomembnih problemih se pojavijo funkcije več spremenljivk. Za rešitve problemov robnih pogojev Laplaceove enačbe velja Dirichletovo načelo. Plateaujev problem išče najmanjšo površino, ki jo ima ploskev, napeta na dan obris v prostoru. Rešitev ali rešitve je moč praktično najti s potopitvijo žičnega okvirja v milnico. Čeprav so takšni poskusi preprosti, je njihov matematični zapis vse prej kot takšen. Obstaja lahko več ploskev, katerih površine so krajevno najmanjše, in imajo lahko netrivialno topologijo.
Mačji sejem otvori župan Mačjega mesta. Ob zaključku otvoritvene slovesnosti združeni orkestri zaigrajo Mačjo himno. Na Mačji sejem vabi bogata ponudba, ki se ji je težko upreti: parmezan Mišja radost, siri za hujšanje, borovničevo črno mleko, mavrična smetana, večna klobasa za vse vesele mačke; Navdušuje tudi Mačji lunapark, kamor se odpravita glavna literarna lika, Maček Muri in njegova prelestna prijateljica Muca Maca.
Drugi slovanski sunek je z juga prišel po odhodu Langobardov v Italijo leta 568. Slovani so prodirali na to območje s pomočjo Avarov. Tako so leta 588 prišli na območje zgornjega Posavja, 591 v zgornje Podravje in se kmalu nato spopadli z Bavarci. Leta 592 so zmagali Bavarci, a je leta 595 zmagala slovansko-avarska vojska. S tem se je utrdila meja med frankovskim in obrskim svetom.
Z njegovo smrtjo je propadla tudi ta moška linija; naziv je zdaj nasledil njegov bratranec v tretjem kolenu Thomas Cochrane (umrl 1778), ki je bil vnuk polkovnika Johna Cochrana (umrlega 1707), drugega sina prvega Earla. Nasledil ga je njegov najstarejši sin Archibald Cochrane, ki je umrl leta 1831. Slednjega je nasledil Thomas Cochrane, ki je umrl leta 1860. Slednji pa je bil sprejet še v plemstvo Brazilije, saj ga je Pedro I. Brazilski leta 1824 imenoval za Marquês do Maranhão. Številna dela slednji naziv označujejo za nedednega, kot tudi pripadajoči plemiški grb, še posebej ker je brazilski plemiški sistem uporabljal veliko življenjskih (nedednih) nazivov. Kljub temu pa potomci desetega Earla še vedno uporabljajo portugalski naziv.
Z Dukljo (Bizantinci so jo imenovali »Sclavorum«) so upravljali knezi – arhonati, od leta 1042 dalje, ko je bil sklenjen pisni dogovor o zavezništvu in prijateljstvu med bizantinskim cesarjem in Mihailom, sinom kneza Stefana Vojislava iz dinastije Vojislavljevićev, pa se je za to območje uporabljal izraz Zeta. S tem sporazumom je postala Zeta prva izmed balkanskih držav, ki ji je Bizanc priznal državno suverenost in neodvisnost. Naslednik kneza Stefana Vojislava, knez Mihailo, je od papeža Gregorja VII. leta 1077 prejel kraljevske oznake (rex Sclavorum), s čimer je bila Zeta priznana za kraljevino. Mihailov sin in naslednik, kralj Bodin, razširil je Zeto na območje Raške, Bosne in Bolgarije. Po smrti zadnjega, štirinajstega vladarja iz dinastije Vojislavljevićev, v Zeti nastaja obdobje političnih bojev za nasledstvo, kar leta 1189 pripelje do osvojitve Zete s strani srbske države Raške in njenega vladarja Štefana Nemanje. V srbski državi Nemanjićev Zeta je imela vse do smrti cesarja Dušana (1355) poseben status. Po njegovi smrti se je pod vodstvom dinastije Balšićev leta 1361 Zeta osamosvojila, v času vladavine dinastije Crnojevićev (1451-1499) pa je obstajala kot samostojna fevdalno-rodovna država z imenom Črna gora. Zaradi vse močnejših in pogostejših turških napadov se je območje Črne gore zmanjšalo, vladar Ivan Crnojević pa je 1482. leta za novo državno središče izbral Cetinje, v katerem je zgradil dvorec in samostan. Pod patronatom njegovega sina, Djuradja Crnojevića, je od leta 1493 na Cetinju delovala prva tiskarna pri južih Slovanih, kjer so natisnili pet cirilskih knjig cerkvene vsebine (najbolj znana „Oktoih“). Leta 1496 Črna gora preide pod turško oblast, pripojena Skadarskemu sandžaku, od leta 1513 je organizirana kot posebna avtonomna teritorialno-upravna enota Otomanskega cesarstva, po Kandijski vojni (1645-1669) pa si povrne popolno samostojnost pod dinastijo Petrovićev (1697-1918), katere začetnik je Danilo I., katerega je za vladiko izbral Obči črnogorski zbor. Vlogo posvetnega voditelja prevzamejo cetinjske vladike, obči črnogorski zbor in zbor glavarjev.
To naselje je, glede na rezultate popisa iz leta 2002, večinoma srbsko, a v času zadnjih treh popisov je opazno zmanjšanje števila prebivalcev.
Trg Osvobodilne fronte (avtobusna postaja) - Slovenska cesta - Gosposvetska cesta - Bleiweisova cesta - Tržaška cesta - Podsmreka - cesta 641 - Dobrova - Horjulska cesta - Brezje pri Dobrovi - Podolnica - Zaklanec - Ljubljanska cesta - Horjul - cesta 407 - Vrzdenec - cesta 407 - Šentjošt.
Lahko zgoščeno, vendar ne na preveč uporaben način, opišemo vrednost Hs(E) kot infimum vseh h > 0, tako da lahko za vsak δ > 0 pokrijemo E s števno mnogo zaprtih množic s premerom ≤ &delta. Vsota s-potenc teh premerov je manjša ali enake h.
V zadnjem delu je glavna oseba Valentin Gladštajn, Žid, poročen s Slovenko. Da mu ne bi uničili imetja, se začne pretvarjati, da je nacist. Gleda samo nase in na družino, za ostale mu je vseeno. Zaradi stalnega spreminjanja stališč ga zaprejo kot političnega jetnika. Nazadnje ga odpeljejo v koncentracijsko taborišče med ostale Jude, zastrupijo s plinom in zažgejo. Gladštajn umre s sinovoma v naročju, pred smrtjo pa si poje pesem Upanje.
Po združitvi črnogorskih plemen pod vodstvom Petra I. Petrovića Njegoša z brdskimi in zmagi nad Turki 1796 je Črna gora de facto povrnila neodvisnost in samostojnost. Bokeljski uporniki so se s Črnogorci in s pomočjo ruske mornarice vse do poraza Napoleona zaman upirali Francozom. Črnogorci so leta 1813 zasedli Budvo, Kotor in Herceg Novi ter oktobra 1813 razglasili združitev Črne gore z Boko, vendar je po sklepu dunajskega kongresa 1815 Boka Kotorska pripadla Avstriji.
V jami je okoli sedemdeset edinstvenih podob tradicije Bisakaguru iz poznega 18. stoletja. Lasje, oči, nosovi, ušesa, halje so drugačni kot pri večini drugih podob v Mjanmarju. Posebnost teh podob je, da ima Buda semena v dvignjeni desni dlani. Tan Tun meni, da take podobe ni najti nikjer drugje v Mjanmarju in na podlagi budistične ikonografije, da so te podobe iz mahjanske tradicije, domneva, da so te jame nekoč uporabljali pripadniki kulta Mahajana Bisakaguru.
Po končani osnovni šoli in kemično-inženirski tehniški šoli in opravljenem letalskem izobraževanju je leta 1940 vstopil v Rdečo armado. Naslednje leto je končal šolanje na Čugujevski vojaško-letalski pilotski šoli, kjer je nato ostal kot inštruktor
Po odstopu se je škof Belo odpravil na Portugalsko na medicinsko zdravljenje. V začetku leta 2004 so želeli nekateri volivci, da vstopi v politiko, a je zavrnil takšne predloge in nadaljeval z okrevanjem.
Rujevac (izvirno srbsko Рујевац) je naselje v Srbiji, ki upravno spada pod Občino Ljubovija; slednja pa je del Mačvanskega upravnega okraja.
Traviata (ital. La Traviata; skreniti s prave poti) je opera v treh dejanjih (štirih slikah) Giuseppeja Verdija. Besedilo je po romanu Dama s kamelijami Alexandra Dumasa napisal Francesco Maria Piave. Krstna predstava je bila v beneškem gledališču La Fenice 6. marca 1853. Verdi se je z Dumasovo ˝Damo s kamelijami˝ spoznal leta 1852, ko je obiskal Pariz. Skladatelj je hitro spoznal odlike besedila, predvsem njegovo človeško vsebino; zgodba ga je tako prevzela, da je kljub resnim pomislekom, ki so ga imeli njegovi prijatelji, takoj lotil dela in v šestih tednih opero končal. Libretist Piave se je v končni fazi oblikovanja besedila preselil k Verdiju na posestvo Santa Agata, tako da sta lahko skupaj popravljala ter dopolnjevala besedilo. Zaradi neprimernih kostumov, sodobne zgodbe, pevcev (predvsem preobilne sopranistke Fanny Salvini Donatelli, prve interpretinje Violette), ki niso razumeli dela in občinstva, ki prav tako ni doumelo globoke in preproste resnice, ki jo je Verdi uglasbil, je opera na krstni predstavi doživela neuspeh. Ta je skladatelja zelo prizadel. Vendar je že leto dni kasneje vstala iz pepela, sicer v drugem beneškem gledališču, in je kmalu obšla vse evropske operne odre. Postala je najpopularnejše delo operne zgodovine nasploh. Prva uprizoritev na slovenskih tleh je bila v Ljubljani leta 1867 v izvedbi nemških glasbenikov.
Kislost in šibek alkoholni element kombuče omogoča odpornost pri morebitni kontaminaciji s pogostimi letečimi bakterijskimi sporami v zraku. Prav tako so bakterije in plesni v kulturi kombuče sposobne proizvajati antimikrobne zaščitne molekule.
V Dubrovniškem primorju se od zgodovinskega mesta Stona proti Dubrovniku vrstijo zalivi s turističnimi kraji, med katerimi iztopa letovišče Trsteno z arboretumom in renesančnim parkom, spomenikoma parkovne kulture.
Ansambel Novi spomini je bil ustanovljen leta 2006. Sedež ima v Beli Cerkvi v Šmarjeških Toplicah. Ansambel se je predstavil na več festivalih in osvojil vrsto nagrad. Posneli so tudi vrsto pesmi v sodelovanju z drugimi zasedbami.
William Francis Dundonald Cochrane (1847–1927), brigadni general (sin polkovnika Williama Marshalla Cochrane, vnuk majorja Williama Erskina Cochrana in pravnuk tretjega Earla);
Grška oblika egipčanskega boga Heru-pa-khered (Hor otrok). Za stare egipčane je Hor kot otrok (Heru-sa-Aset) predstavljal novorojeno Sonce, ki vzhaja vsako jutro. Po Aleksandrovi osvojitvi Egipta, so Grki za časa Ptolomejske dinastije pretvorili mladega Hora v Harpocratesa.
Skupaj z Joséjem Ramos-Horto je prejel leta 1996 Nobelovo nagrado za mir za prizadevanje za "pravično in mirno rešitev konflikta v vzhodnem Timorju."
Tudi Sophie Harris iz chicagške revije Time Out je koncertu dodelila pozitivno oceno: »Koncert je bil bleščeč, največji spektakel kar jih je bilo kdaj v dvorani Hammerstein [...] Najboljši del koncerta pa so bili histerični trenutki. S pesmijo 'Confide in Me' je Kylie Minogue dala vtis, da je NYC obiskala že neštetokrat. Sedaj že odrasla ženska je med nastopi izgledala elegantno in sproščeno; njen glas je posebno dober v počasnejših baladah. Njen nastop s pesmijo 'I Believe in You' je bil čudovit; začela je nekoliko raztreseno, nato pa vzcvetela, ko so jo posuli z vrtničnimi listi. [...] Ključ njene očarljivosti je dejstvo, da v vsem pravzaprav uživa.«
Po okupaciji Jugoslavije se je začela pripravljati na oborožen odpor ter opravljala propagandno delo med dekleti in ženami. 23. junija 1941 je z drugimi črnuškimi komunisti zapustila dom in odšla v gozdove okoli Rašice. Sredi julija je postala borka Rašiške čete ter se udeleževala njenih akcij, še zmeraj pa je veliko delala tudi na terenu. Po ustanovitvi Kamniškega bataljona je pogosto opravljla kurirske posle, saj sovražniki med partizani niso pričakovali ženske.
Konzulat Republike Slovenije v Nangomi je diplomatsko-konzularno predstavništvo (konzulat) Republike Slovenije s sedežem v Nangomi (Zambija).
Po potovanju v Ukrajino je Herder postavil napoved, da bodo Slovani nekoč bili najmočnejši v Evropi, saj bodo zahodni Evropejci zavrgli krščanstvo in propadli, medtem ko se bodo vzhodni Evropejci držali svoje religije in njihovih idealov, tako bodo tudi postali glavna moč Evrope. Ena izmed podobnih napovedi je, da bodo Madžari izginili in se asimilirali s sosednjimi slovanskimi državami.
V kvantni mehaniki ustreza kinetični energiji operator kinetične energije, ki deluje v prostoru valovnih funkcij. Definiramo ga posredno prek operatorja gibalne količine:
Pri Flori Bervoix je polno gostov. Sem pride tudi Alfred in hkrati prispe Violetta z baronom Douphalom, ki Violetti prepove spregovoriti z njim. Pri igri s kartami Alfred stalno dobiva, nato pa se ostro sporeče z baronom Douphalom, zato ga Violetta prosi, naj zapusti zabavo. Alfred od ljubosumja, vpričo vse družbe, Violetto surovo žali in ji priigrani denar vrže pred noge. Šele ob očetovem svarilu se zave svojega nečastnega dejanja in se skesa. Violetta pa pove, da ji je le ljubezen do Alfreda narekovala razhod z njim.
Leta 1948 je bil izvoljen za člana Kraljeve družbe iz Londona. Leta 1958 je prejel njeno Kraljevo medaljo, leta 1965 pa še Copleyjevo medaljo. Med letoma 1970 in 1975 je služil kot predsednik družbe. Bil je tudi član več tujih akademij znanosti.
Dositej in mnoštvo drugih dobro izučenih Srbov z ozemlja nekdanje Avstro-Ogrske monarhije pomagajo uveljavljati zahodnjaške reforme in znanje Srbom, ki živijo na teritoriju Srbije, ki jo imajo Turki pod nadzorom. Dositej je pomagal tudi pri širjenju krompirja v te kraje, kar je pomagalo prebivalstvu zoper lakoto. Vuk Karadžić in Dositej sta tako očeta srbskega modernega jezika in promotorja modernosti za te kraje. V Beogradu umre leta 1811.
Molitev križevega pota vernikom pomaga, da v duhu spremljajo Jezusa od Pilatove hiše do Golgote. Pri molitvi se verniki v mislih ustavijo pri vsaki od postaj. Molitev vsake od postaj se začne z verzom
Ravnikar je bil po krajšem študiju na Dunaju učenec Jožeta Plečnika. Pri njem je tudi diplomiral. V letih 1938-1939 se je krajši čas izpopolnjeval pri Le Corbusierju. Med leti 1946–1980 je bil profesor na Fakulteti za arhitekturo, gradbeništvo in geodezijo v Ljubljani (1946-50 je predaval tudi o kulturni oz. umetnostni zgodovini na novoustanovljeni Akademiji za upodabljaločo umetnost, kasnejši ALU). Od leta 1969 je bil izredni, od leta 1979 pa redni član SAZU. Ravnikarjeva arhitektura postopoma dobiva objektivno kritično vrednotenje. Cenjen je med svojimi učenci, ki so o njem priredili nekaj razstav in izdali več knjig. Umetnostni zgodovinarji od F. Šijanca, N. Šumija in S. Bernika so ga ocenili kot osrednjega slovenskega arhitekta 20. stoletja po J. Plečniku.
--. ur., Zgodnji Slovani: zgodnjesrednjeveška lončenina na obrobju vzhodnih Alp = Die frühen Slawen: frühmittelalterliche Keramik am Rand der Ostalpen. Ljubljana, 2002. (COBISS) povzetek v pdf
Fabian Cancellara je specialist za dirke na kronometer in je sedanji svetovni prvak v individualni vožnji na čas. V letu 2006 je postal drugi Švicar, ki mu je uspelo zmagati na enodnevni klasični dirki Paris-Roubaix, za Heiri Suterjem (1923).
Pri Merjaščevi glavi je krčma, kamor zahajajo zelo nenavadni čarovniki in tudi druga bitja, večinoma zakrinkana. Tam je Hagrid od nekega popotnika, za katerega se je kasneje izkazalo, da je profesor Smottan, dobil zamjevo jajce in tam so se zbrali študentje Bradavičarke, na prvem sestanku Dumbledorjeve armade. Krčma je zelo zanemarjena, v njej pa kot točaj dela brat Albusa Dumbledorja, Aberforth Dumbledore, kar Harry in prijatelji izvejo na konce sedme knijige. Aberforth dela kot nekdo drug, nekateri mislijo da je mrtev, nekateri pa ga ne marajo in lahko bi se zgodilo, da bi bil kaj kmalu mrtev.
Po 1933 je postala osnova nacionalistični propagandni literaturi krvi in zemlje (Blut- und Boden-Literatur), ki je oznaka za z rasistično domačijsko ideologijo in z navidezno ljudskim značajem prežeto literaturo v nacistični Nemčiji. S tem se je kompromitirala in svoj slab glas obdržala do danes.
Stadion pa ni namenjen le za nogometne tekme, ampak se na njem odvijajo tudi mednarodna tekmovanja v atletiki in je dom slovenskih atletikov.
moške različice imena: Fran, Franc, France, Francek, Francel, Francelj, Franci, Franček, Franči, Frank, Franko, Ferenc, Frenk, Frenki, Frenček, Franči, Frančiško, Frančo, Frenko, Ksaver, Ksaverij
Divizija je bila prvotno ustanovljena iz prebivalcev Maina, Vermonta in New Hamshira ter je bila ena izmed dveh zadnjih divizij, ki so jih poslali na evropsko bojišče med drugo svetovno vojno.
Dirkališče Istanbul Park Circuit je eno le treh dirkališč v Formuli 1, kjer dirka poteka v nasprotni smeri urinega kazalca, drugi sta še Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari (Imola) in Autódromo José Carlos Pace (Brazilija). Osmi ovinek na stezi je najtežavnejši za dirkače, saj v njem za štiri sekunde občutijo kar petkratno silo težnosti. V bistvu so to združeni kar štirje ovinki in mnogi dirkači ga označujejo za zelo težavnega. Juan Pablo Montoya je prav v tem ovinku v sezoni 2005 dva kroga pred ciljem zletel s proge in tako drugo mesto prepustil Fernandu Alonsu, ki se je z moštvenim kolegom Montoye, Kimijem Räikkönenom boril za naslov prvaka. V sezoni 2006 je prišlo na podelitvi pokalov po dirki do škandala. Namreč na televiziji je pisalo da pokal za zmago podeljuje predsednik Turške republike Severni Ciper, države ki jo priznava le Turčija. Nekateri so napovedovali celo konec dirke za Veliko nagrado Turčije, toda FIA je organizatorje dirke kaznovala finančno s 5 milijoni dolarji.
Domačijska literatura se je okrepila zlasti med drugo svetovno vojno]], ko je dobila programsko in pomirjevalno vsebino. Svoj zadnji vzpon je dosegla 1941, po 1945 pa ji razmere niso bile več naklonjene, čeprav se je pojavljala tudi pozneje (npr. Ivanka Čadež: Beračeva zgodba: Povest (1984), Mimi Malešek: Skobci nad dolino: Domačijska povest (1985), Dragica Krapež: Dediči (2001), Tone Jakše: Oh, ta ljubezen: Domačijska povest (2008), nastala je tudi parodija tega žanra (Borut Golob: Smreka bukev lipa križ: Domačijska povest z motorno žago in srečnim koncem (2009)).
Uroš Tudi Uroš obiskuje 3. b razred. Je Matičev prijatelj in tudi se ne druži z Blažko, čeprav ne ve zakaj. V knjigi pomaga Maticu pri njegovem načrtu.
Točkovanje po sistemu 8-6-4-3-2-1, točke dobi le najbolje uvrščeni dirkalnik posameznega konstruktorja. Za prvenstvo so šteli trije najboljši rezultati na petih dirkah.
V splošnem lahko vsako gibanje togega telesa razstavimo na translacijsko gibanje ter vrtenje okrog lastne osi, zato lahko njegovo kinetično energijo izračunamo kot vsoto translacijske kinetične energije težišča ter vrtilne kinetične energije pri vrtenju okrog osi, ki prebada težišče.
Fortifikacije v Valletti (malteško Je-Swar tal-Belt Valletta) je vrsta obrambnih zidov in drugih utrdb, ki obkrožajo mesto Valletta na Malti. Leta 1552 je bila zgrajena prva utrdba, utrdba svetega Elma. Sistematično so jih začeli graditi leta 1566, ko je veliki mojster Jean Valette ustanovil mesto. V naslednjih stoletjih so bile precej spremenjene, zadnja večja utrdba je bila Lascaris, ki je bila dokončana leta 1856. Večina utrdb je ostala do danes v glavnem nedotaknjena.
Prvi uradni album skupine nosi ime Amongst The Catacombs of Nephren-Ka, ki je bil izdan l.1998 preko založbe Relapse Records. Kljub običajni egipčanski tematiki skupine, se je v naslov albuma prikradla omemba boga Nephren-Ka, ki je bil eden izmed bolj znanih likov prvega priznanega avtorja ameriške grozljivke, H.P. Lovecrafta. Prvemu albumu sta sledila še Black Seeds of Vengeance (2000) ter In Their Darkened Shrines (2002), ki je do sedaj prodal 62,000 izvodov le v ZDA, kar je za tiste čase ter zvrst glasbe presenetljivo visoko število.
Stadion je eden od večjih centralnih športnih objektov Velenje in je hkrati največji odprti vadbeni prostor v mestu. Kompleks je lociran v neposredni bližini Škalskega jezera, oddaljen dobre 3 km od centra mesta, zgrajen pa je bil leta 1955. Nazadnje je bil prenovljen leta 2010.
Zasnoval in vodil je projekt prve poljudno-znanstvene sinteze o zgodovini Slovenije od starejše kamene dobe do zgodnjega srednjega veka, ki je izšla pod naslovom Zakladi tisočletij (COBISS).
Začetki tovrstnega urejanja zdravstvenega varstva segajo v petdeseta leta 19. stoletja, ko so se na našem ozemlju ustanovile Bratovske skladnice, nekakšne blagajne, iz katerih so se financirale najnujnejše zdravstvene storitve za delavce. Bismarckov model se na našem ozemlju uradno sprejme leta 1889. Avstro-Ogrska (pod katero je Slovenija takrat spadala) pa je tako tretja država na svetu, ki je sprejela ta model. Prvi zakon o obveznem zdravstvenem zavarovanju pa je bil sprejet leta 1892.
To naselje je, glede na rezultate popisa iz leta 2002, večinoma srbsko, a v času zadnjih treh popisov je opazno zmanjšanje števila prebivalcev.
Z drugačno različico pesmi »I Should Be So Lucky« je Kylie Minogue nastopila pred pesmijo »The One« na koncertu 4. oktobra v Hollywood Bowlu. Prikazali so videospot, ki ga je oblikoval zmagovalec tekmovanja »Speakerphone«, tekmovanja za oboževalce, ki oblikujejo videospote za njene pesmi.
Ko prevzame funkcijo vodenja diakonije Dili, postane dejansko vodja cerkve Vzhodnega Timorja in je tako neposredno odgovoren papežu. 6. februarja 1989 je bila posvečen v škofa škofije Lorium.
Ker s časom fermentacije čaj postaja vse bolj kisel, se pojavlja nevarnost izluževanja potencialno nevarnih snovi iz fermentacijske posode. Zato je najbolj priporočljivo uporabljati steklene vsebnike, lahko tudi nerjaveče posode, ki ne vsebujejo svinca, lesene ali lakirane glinene sklede. Pri pripravi oziroma pri fermentaciji mora napitek imeti dostop do zraka, zato je pokrit z bombažno krpo, da diha in hkrati onemogoča kontaminacije.
Občina Davézieux skupaj s sosednjimi občinami Annonay (del), Boulieu-lès-Annonay, Saint-Clair, Saint-Cyr in Saint-Marcel-lès-Annonay sestavlja kanton Annonay-sever s sedežem v Annonayu, del okrožja Tournon-sur-Rhône.
Rodil se je blizu Firenc in je bil eden od dveh mlinarjevih sinov. Lully je sicer sebe imenoval plemič. Imel je le skromno osnovno glasbeno in splošno izobrazbo. Bil pa je izjemno nadarjen in je že zgodaj odlično obvladal kitaro in violino. Izurjen je bil tudi v plesu. Leta 1646 ga je odkril Henrik II. Lorenski - Guise in ga odpeljal v Francijo. Prepustil ga je v oskrbo Mademoiselle de Montpensier. V hiši je delal kot pomivalec in čistilec. Pri gospodarici pa je dobil tudi glasbeno izobrazbo. Njegov glasbeni talent je postal kultiviran. Pri študiju mu je bil v veliko pomoč Nicolas Metru. Bil je zelo vzkipliv in ko je nekoč grdo opsoval svoje gospodarje so ga spodili iz hiše.
Na burne dogodke po prvi svetovni vojni spominjata Cesta 1. junija in Trg Franca Fakina. 1. junija leta 1924 so se delavski mladinci spopadli z Orjuno, Franc Fakin pa je bil tistega dne žrtev političnega nasilja.
utrdba Lascaris, znana tudi kot baterija Lascaris ali bastijon Lascaris, je avtomatizirana baterija v bližini bastijona svetega Petra in Pavla, ki so jo zgradili Britanci med letoma 1854 in 1856. V trdnjavi so sobe in predori;
Šumniki so črke Č, Š, Ž. Šumniki so edine črke slovenske abecede, pri katerih so črke sestavljene iz več kot enega dela. Ta dodatni del se imenuje strešica ( ˇ ) in se jo dodaja črkam C, S in Z takrat, ko želimo, da se ta glas izgovori z jezikom, pritisnjenim ob nebo ust.
Razsežnost množice (na primer podmnožice v evklidskem prostoru) je intuitivno število neodvisnih paramaterov, ki so potrebni za opis točke v množici. Matematični pristop, ki dokaj natančno opiše to naivno zamisel, je topološka razsežnost množice. Točko na ravnini opišemo z dvema neodvisnima parametroma (kartezičnima koordinatama točke) in v tem smislu je ravnina dvorazsežna. Kakor pričakujemo bo topološka razsežnost zmeraj naravno število.
Oleg Antonov je dizajniral dvojno krilo z dvojnim repom in ga namestil na lahki tank T-60. Vlečno letalo je bil lahko Petljakov Pe-8 ali Tupoljev TB-3. A-40 je poletel samo enkrat, testni pilot je bil Sergej Anohin. TB-3 je moral zaradi velikega zračnega upora, predčasno spustiti A-40, ki je potem varno pristal na bližnjem letališču.
Hausdorff-Bezikovičeva razsežnost podaja natančno pot za merjenje razsežnosti poljubnega metričnega prostora. Sem spadajo zapletene množice kot so fraktali.
Janez Debeljak, Božena Orožen(et al.): Slovstveni in kulturnozgodovinski vodnik po Sloveniji: Dolenjska in Bela krajina. Ljubljana: Zavod Republike Slovenije za šolstvo, 1966. 40–44. (COBISS)
Po podatkih Statističnega urada Republike Slovenije je bilo na dan 31. decembra 2007 v Sloveniji število moških oseb z imenom Frančišek: 2.433. Med vsemi moškimi imeni pa je ime Frančišek po pogostosti uporabe uvrščeno na 93. mesto.
Rajko Bratož, »Gli inizi dell'etnogenesi slovena : fatti, tesi e ipotesi relativi al periodo di transizione dall'eta antica al medioevo nel territorio situato tra l'Adriatico e il Danubio«. V La cristianizzazione degli Slavi nell'arco alpino orientale, ur. Andrea Tilatti. Nuovi studi storici, 69. Roma, Gorizia, 2005, str. 145-188;
Bet v višino doseže med 2 in 9 cm ter ima premer od 1,5 - 3 cm, je valjaste oblike, poln, raven, včasih proti dnišču nekoliko ožji. Stari primerki imajo pogosto rjave lise, sicer pa je bet skoraj gladek, bel in poprhnjen.
Po Fermatovem načelu svetloba potuje po poti, ki je lokalni minimum optične dolžine med dvema točkama. Če se izbere x-koordinato za parameter vzdolž poti in je
NBC je objavil videospot pesmi na njihovi spletni strani. V videospotu se pojavi Taylor Swift med nastopom in odlomke iz ameriških olimpijskih iger. Trgovina iTunes Store je njihov videospot izdala na torek, 25. novembra 2008, 26. novembra pa je pristal na trinajstem mestu seznamu Top 100 najboljših videospotov. Videospot za pesem »Change« je bil posnet v sobi katedrale Scottish Rite Cathedral v Indianapolisu, Indiana.
To naselje je, glede na rezultate popisa iz leta 2002, večinoma srbsko, a v času zadnjih treh popisov je opazno zmanjšanje števila prebivalcev.
Klementina je edina slovenska ženska oblika imena Klemen. Leta 2004 je to ime imelo 441 žensk (0,0 % vseh žensk), kar to ime uvršča kot 268. najbolj pogosto žensko ime v Sloveniji.
Bil je eden izmed pomembnejših generalov, ki so se borili med Napoleonovo invazijo na Rusijo; posledično je bil njegov portret dodan v Vojaško galerijo Zimskega dvorca.
Ni nastopila na poletnih olimpijskih igrah. Na svetovnih ženskih igrah je leta 1926 osvojila zlati medalji v teku na 250 m in v štafeti 4x110 jardov. V letih 1924, 1926 in 1927 je trikrat zapored postavila svetovni rekord v teku na 200 m, ki ga je držala do leta 1933, 29. avgusta 1926 je z britansko štafeto postavila še svetovni rekord v štafeti 4x100 m.
Barbiturati delujejo na GABAA-receptorje ter preko povečane prepustnosti kloridnih kanalčkov zmanjšajo vzdražnost celične membrane živčnih celic.
prednji branik svetega Petra in Pavla je dvostopenjski, zgrajen leta 1640 v bližini bastijona svetega Petra in Pavla. Ima stolpič in skladišče smodnika ter betonsko ploščad za opazovanje.
Ludovico Sforza se je rodil 27. julija 1452 v Vigevanu, ki je zdaj v Lombardiji. Bil je drugi sin Francesca I. Sforze in Biance Maria Visconti in kot tak, ni pričakoval, da bi postal vladar Milana. Kljub temu je njegova mati Bianca preudarno skrbela, da njegova izobrazba ni bila omejena le na klasične jezike. Pod vodstvom humanista Francesca Filelfa, se je Ludovico seznanil z lepoto slikarstva, kiparstva in pisanja, učil pa se je tudi metode vladanja in bojevanja. Kasneje je pomagal Leonardu slikati s pasteli.
Organizacija ni agencija Združenih narodov, vendar pa sodeluje tako pri politiki kot pri praktičnih vprašanjih. 7. septembra 2000 je organizacija z OZN podpisala sporazum o sodelovanju.
Obstaja pa tudi druga možna lokacija. Ko je britanski častnik Charles George Gordon v letih 1882-83 služboval v Palestini, je opazil drug zanimiv kraj, ki bi lahko bil Golgota. Kraj leži nekoliko severno od Cerkve svetega groba in zbuja pozornost s svojo obliko: v navpični steni sta dve večji vdolbini in nekaj manjših, kar daje vtis oblike človeške lobanje.
V Mačjem mestu se pripravljajo na Mačji sejem. Maček Muri se odpravi na Mačje letališče, kjer z Županom sprejemata goste. Maček sproti beleži zanimivosti za svojo Mačjo knjigo, v katero vsak večer zapisuje svoje spomine. Spremlja ju tudi fotoreporter Izidor-Mucograf, ki poskrbi za slikovno gradivo. Prispeli visoki gostje se nastanejo v penzionih in hotelih po vsem Mačjem mestu, vsak po svojem okusu in svojemu žepu primerno.
Katedrala Notre-Dame-de-la-Seds de Toulon, iz konca 11. stletja, dokončana v 18. stoletju, od 5. stoletja dalje sedež škofije Toulon, od 1957 škofije Fréjus-Toulon.
Dobrotin (izvirno srbsko Добротин) je naselje v Srbiji, ki upravno spada pod Občino Bajina Bašta; slednja pa je del Zlatiborskega upravnega okraja.
V vasi je veliko trgovin in barov, poleg njih pa še pošta, banka, Besneča brunarica, ki je hiša, v kateri naj bi strašilo in še veliko drugih.
Od takrat so dosegli velik uspeh. Bili so nominirani za več grammyev, dobili so nagrado za najboljšo novo nastalo zasedbo, postali so najboljša rock skupina leta 2006, dobili nagrado za najboljšo mednarodno skupino in album ter bili nominirani še za mnoge druge nagrade.
Artilerijska brigada Kumanovske divizije (srbohrvaško Artiljerijska brigada Kumanovske divizije) je bila brigada v sestavi Narodnoosvobodilne vojske in partizanskih odredov Jugoslavije in ki je delovala med drugo svetovno vojno na področju Kraljevine Jugoslavije.
Po Thingolovi smrti je telesu dovolila, da umre, sama pa je zapustila Srednji svet in odšla v Valinor, kjer je žalovala za izgubljenim možem in hčerjo.
Nastopila je na poletnih olimpijskih igrah v letih 2000 in 2004, ko je odstopila v finalu teka na 100 m z ovirami. Na svetovnih prvenstvih je v isti disciplini osvojila naslov prvakinje leta 2003 in podprvakinje leta 2007, na svetovnih dvoranskih prvenstvih naslov prvakinje v teku na 60 m z ovirami leta 2004 in podprvakinje leta 2010, na panameriških igrah pa dve srebrni medalji v teku na 100 m z ovirami.
1. januarja 1791 je kot zastavnik vstopil v Semjonkovski pehotni polk. 12. marca 1801 je bil kot štabni stotnik premeščen v oskrbovalno službo.
V katoliškem koledarju je ime Frančišek zapisano enajstkrat. Poleg Frančiška na te dneve godujejo tudi Franc, France, Franjo, Franko in različice, ki izhajajo iz teh imen. Pregled godovnih dni po novem bogoslužnem koledarju v katerih goduje Franšišek.
Termin domačijska literatura se je na Slovenskem povezoval z zapečkarskim (v nasprotju s svetovljanskim), družinskim (v nasprotju z družbenim) in dominsvetovskim (v nasprotju z ljubljanskozvonskim), kar mu je dalo slabšalni ton. Termin je soroden s terminom pokrajinska oz. regionalna literatura; v prvi so dom, družina, rodbina, domačija, domovina pomembnejši od individualne glavne osebe, v drugi pa je poudarjena in izpostavljena pokrajina, v kateri se dogaja.
Gostujoči žirant je bil Boštjan Romih. Tokrat je imelo skrito misijo vseh 8 tekmovalcev, tako da so v sklad Mladi upi prispevali kar 17.000 € (8.500 × 2). Zgodila se je tudi deveta preobrazba: Sašo Đukić, bolj znan po liku Mama Manka, je imitiral Peggy Lee (pesem "Fever") kot joker voditelja Denisa Avdića, ki ga je spremljal kot plesalec.
V nekaterih delih se za povirni del Mirne do sotočja s Turnsko Cerknico navaja ime Mirenščica , vendar pa se to ime v starejši literaturi ne navaja in tudi na topografskih kartah v merilu 1 : 5000 in 1 : 25.000 tega imena ni. Prav tako Krajevni leksikon Dravske banovine in Krajevni leksikon Slovenije ne navajata tega imena za povirni del reke.
Oznanil je, da je narodna slava prevarantski zapeljivec. Ko doseže neko višino, zapne glavo z železnim trakom. Zaprt ne vidi nič v megli razen svoje slike; ni dovzeten za tuje vtise.
Spominski znak Nova vas je spominski znak Slovenske vojske, ki je podeljen veteranom TO RS za zasluge pri spopadu za Novo vas med slovensko osamosvojitveno vojno.
Licejska knjižnica v Ljubljani, poimenovana tudi Licejka ali uradno Študijska knjižnica je prva slovenska knjižnica, namenjena podpori izobraževanju in raziskovalnemu delu in danes velja za predhodnico Narodne in univerzitetne knjižnice v Ljubljani. Izšla je iz želje, da se v Ljubljani zopet ustanovi univerza. Najprej so jo smeli uporabljati samo licejski učitelji, za dijake in javnost so jo odprli leta 1794. Pravico prejemati obvezne izvode vseh tiskov z območja dežele Kranjske in s tem značaj deželne knjižnice je dobila leta 1807. V času Ilirskih provinc je imela knjižnica pristojnost zbirati obvezne izvode s celotnega ozemlja upravnega območja Ilirskih provinc.
Polkovna narodnostna sestava leta 1914 je bila sledeča: 59% Rutencev, 26% Poljakov in 15% drugih. Naborni okraj polka je bil v Brzezanyju, pri čemer so bile polkovne enote garnizirane sledeče: Lemberg (štab, II. in IV. bataljon), Brzezany (I. bataljon) in Mosty wielkie (III. bataljon).
Iz imena Frančišek in njegovih različic so nastali priimki: Ferenc, Ferenčak, Ferenček, Ferenčič, Franca, France, Francek, Francekovič, Franceškin, Francelj, Franček, Frančeskin, Frančeškin, Frančič, Frančiškin, Franetič, Frank, Franko, Frankovič, Frant, Frantelj in drugi.
Otok je del prefekture Tokio, na njem pa se ukvarjajo z izkopavanjem žvepla in predelavo sladkorja. Danes stalnih prebivalcev otoka ni. Za njegov obisk je potrebno pridobiti posebno dovoljenje. Nekdanji otočani in vojni veterani lahko obiščejo otok samo v času spominskih slovesnosti.
Umetnost vojne (tradicionalno kitajsko 孫子兵法, poenostavljeno kitajsko 孙子兵法, dobesedno Sun Cujeva vojaška načela) je starodavna kitajska vojaška razprava, katere avtorstvo pripisujejo generalu Sun Cuju, nastalo pa naj bi konec obdobja pomladi in jeseni ali v začetku obdobja vojskujočih se držav, v 5. stoletju pr. n. št. Besedilo sestavlja 13 poglavij, vsako je posvečeno svojemu vidiku vojskovanja. Splošno je prepoznano kot temeljno delo o vojaški strategiji in taktiki svojega časa. Velja tudi za najslavnejše in najvplivnejše delo »sedmih vojaških klasik« stare Kitajske in zadnjih dva tisoč let ostaja »najpomembnejša vojaška razprava v Aziji, kjer so jo celo navadni ljudje poznali po naslovu«. Tako na Vzhodu kot na Zahodu je vplivala na način vojskovanja, poslovanja, pravno strategijo in druga področja človekove dejavnosti.
Po vojni je 18. avgusta 1945 prejel svoj tretji naziv heroja Sovjetske zveze za izkazano vojaško profesionalnost in osebni pogum. Ostal je še vedno v Sovjetskem vojnem letalstvu. Leta 1949 je končal šolanje na letalski akademiji in leta 1956 še generalštabno akademijo »Vorošilov«. Med korejsko vojno je poveljeval 324. jurišni letalski diviziji, a so mu prepovedali, da bi sam letel. Med vojno so njegovi piloti sestreli 239 sovražnikovih letal.
1983 je na I. mednarodnem zabavnoglasbenem festivalu mediteranskih držav v Aleksandriji s pesmijo Toplo, hladno morje (Jure Robežnik – Dušan Velkaverh – Robežnik) osvojila 1. nagrado.
V oddaji se osem slavnih Slovencev preobrazi v različne slovenske in tuje izvajalce. V vsaki oddaji zmaga tisti, ki zbere največ točk. Vsak teden tik pred oddajo eden od tekmovalcev dobi skrito misijo. Njegova identiteta se razkrije šele ob koncu oddaje. Oddaja ima namreč tudi humanitarno noto: če tekmovalec z misijo zmaga, POP TV v sklad Mladi upi prispeva 3000 €, če doseže drugo ali tretje mesto, prispeva 1000 €, uvrstitev med 4. in 8. mestom pa prinese 500 €, zavod Vse bo v redu Zavarovalnice Triglav pa znesek podvoji. Štirje najboljši tekmovalci, ki so v 11 oddajah dosegli največ točk, se pomerijo v finalni oddaji.
Klemenčič je 30. najbolj pogost priimek v Sloveniji, ki ga je po podatkih Statističnega urada Republike Slovenije na dan 31. decembra 2007 uporabljalo 2.438 oseb, na dan 1. januara 2010 pa 2434 oseb. Priimek se je prvič pojavil v krstni knjigi leta 1636.
Andrej Klemenčič, filmski in glasbeni kritik, medijski strok., časniški novinar, dopisnik, prof. za mednarodno komuniciranje: Španija, Barcelona
Zamenjamo jo lahko z razpokano golobico (Russula cutefracta), ki ima precej temno ali olivno zelen klobuk, z razpokanim obrobjem ter zeleno golobico (Russula aeruginea), ki pa ima gladek klobuk.
10. septembra 2008 je Torchwood doživel svojo radijsko premiero v obliki posebne audio drame na nacionalnem BBC Radio 4. Verzija v obliki MP3-formata je bila na voljo zastonj do 18. septembra, ko so radijsko igro izdali na zgoščenki in v digitalni obliki kot plačljivo MP3-datoteko.
Leta 1994 je z ameriškim slavistom Marcom L. Greenbergom ustanovil mednarodno večjezično slovenistično revijo Slovenski jezik / Slovene Linguistic Studies, katere glavni urednik je bil do leta 2006, od tedaj pa deli uredniške obveznosti s soustanoviteljem.
Fender Precision Bass je prva električna bas kitara na svetu, ki jo je izumil Leo Fender. Na tržišče je prišla leta 1951. Šele leta 1957 je dobila današnji zunanji izgled. Je najuspešnejša bas kitara vseh časov in nesmiselno je naštevati, kdo od znanih bas kitaristov je igral nanjo, saj praktično ni nobenega priznanega glasbenika s tega področja, ki je ni uporabljal vsaj en del svoje kariere. Vseeno bomo našteli tiste, katerih stil se je identificiral s tem inštrumentom, ki ima najbolj univerzalni zvok - ki se staplja z vsemi glasbenimi zvrstmi tega sveta.
Papež vsako leto na veliki petek tradicionalno vodi posebej svečano molitev križevega pota v rimskem Koloseju. Ta oblika molitve je postala posebej popularna v času, ko je katoliško Cerkev vodil papež Janez Pavel II. Dokler je bil še pri močeh, je papež sam nosil križ od postaje do postaje, pozneje pa so to vlogo prevzeli drugi, papež pa je opazoval procesijo s Palatinskega griča. Papež Janez Pavel II. je v križev pot večkrat uvedel tudi svobodnejšo interpretacijo in uvajanje postaj, ki niso čisto identične tradicionalnim štirinajstim.
Dioniz (starogrško Διόνυσος ali Διώνυσος: Diónysos) je v grški mitologiji sin Zevsa in Semele; bog vina, plodnosti, veselja in razposajene objestnosti. Predstavlja polnost duha , njegovo prepljavljanje dogodkov kot nenehna indiferenca v prid užitku ali veselju. Nekateri ga naslavljajo kot predstavitev gotovosti nekoga ki ima vsega dovolj za prelivanje in nenehno nadaljevanje besed kot ritem užitka in hkrati skoraj cilj, ali celo cilj? Hkrati je popolno nasprotje praznemu duhu, ki ne ve za kaj trpi in, da je trpljenje neizbežno, kot tak se dioniz predstavi kot častitev smrti skozi užitek in večnemu nadaljevanju skozi indiferenco do smrti.
Gospodična je izvir na Gorjancih. Nahaja se neposredno pod planinskim domom pri Gospodični (828 m), nekako na sredini pobočja Trdinovega vrha. S tem izvirom je povezana tudi legenda, ki jo je zapisal Janez Trdina.
smer BTC-Atlantis – Bizovik – Vevče: servisna cesta (končno postajališče) - Španska ulica¹ - Italijanska ulica¹ - Letališka cesta - Kajuhova ulica - Litijska cesta - Hruševska cesta - servisna cesta - Bizoviška cesta - Dobrunjska cesta - Cesta II. grupe odredov - Sostrska cesta - Litijska cesta - Pot heroja Trtnika - Vevška cesta - Papirniški trg.
Po umoru Kaja Munka 4. januarja 1944 je danski uporni časopis De frie Danske objavil obsojajoče odzive vplivnih Skandinavcev, tudi Viljemovega.
Donje Punoševce (izvirno srbsko Доње Пуношевце) je naselje v Srbiji, ki upravno spada pod Mesto Vranje; slednja pa je del Pčinjskega upravnega okraja.
20. marca 2003 so Združene države Amerike in Velika Britanija brez predhodne odobritve napada Varnostnega sveta Združenih narodov s svojimi silami izvedle invazijo na Irak, ki ga je vodil diktator Sadam Husein. Kot vzrok za napad so navajale izgovor, da režim iraškega voditelja z orožjem za množično uničevanje svetu pomeni nedopustno grožnjo. Vojni so nasprotovale Francija, Nemčija in Rusija, ter večina arabskih držav. Koalicijska vojska sestavljena iz ameriških, britanskih in avstralskih čet je v dveh tednih zasedla vsa večja mesta v Iraku vključno z Bagdadom, ki so ga koalicijske sile zavzele 9. aprila. 1. maja je ameriški predsednik George W. Bush razglasil konec bojnih operacij v Iraku, začelo pa se je novo povojno obdobje - obnova Iraka. 13. decembra 2003 so Huseina v vojaški operaciji ameriških vojakov prijeli v bližini njegovega rojstnega kraja ob mestu Tikrit, severno od iraške prestolnice. Spornega orožja za množično uničevanje, ki naj bi bilo povod za vojno, nikoli niso odkrili.
Hebron (hebrejsko חֶבְרוֹן) je največje mesto na Zahodnem bregu, ki leži 30 kilometrov južno od Jeruzalema. Najštevilčnejša je skupnost Palestincev, sledi Judovska. Leži nad 900 metri nadmorske višine in je eno izmed višje ležečih mest na Zahodnem bregu.
Iwo Jima (po japonsko pomeni »žvepleni otok«) je 21 km² velik vulkanski otok južno od Japonske, pod katere upravo tudi spada. Je del otoške skupine Vulkanskega otočja, ki se nahaja 1200 km južno od Tokija. Otok je postal znan po bitki za Iwo Jimo, ki je potekala med drugo svetovno vojno med ZDA in Japonsko. Po vojni so otok okupirale ZDA ter ga ponovno vrnile Japonski leta 1968.
Najprej je zaigral za Can-Am klub Springfield Indians in nato leta 1932 okrepil IHL moštvo Buffalo Bisons in zanj nastopal v naslednjih petih sezonah. Sredi sezone 1936/37, ko je klub Buffalo Bisons razpadel, se je pridružil NHL ekipi Toronto Maple Leafs in zanjo brez pravega učinka odigral 24 tekem ter se do konca sezone preselil v IAHL klub Syracuse Stars. V ligi IAHL je nato tri sezone igral za moštvo Providence Reds, konec sezone 1939/40 pa prestopil v drugo IAHL moštvo, moštvo Hershey Bears. Nekaj časa na začetku 40. let je še igral za amatersko moštvo Geraldton Gold Miners. Po dveh letih vojaške službe se je vrnil na ledene ploskve lige AHL, naslednice bivše IAHL lige, in znova zaigral za ekipo Hershey Bears. Od aktivne igralske kariere se je poslovil leta 1944.
Zaradi vedno večje prostorske stiske v mariborski bolnišnici se je takratno vodstvo odločilo za širitev bolnišnice in za izgradnjo novih prostorov. Temeljni kamen za stolpnico je bil položen leta 1955, njena gradnja pa se je začela leta 1964. Zaradi finančnih težav se je leta 1966 gradnja popolnoma zaustavila, zato so občani in občanke Maribora in okoliških občin začeli zbirati samoprispevke, ki so omogočili končanje kirurške stolpnice, ki so jo otvorili leta 1976.
Srbija in Črna gora, preostali republiki nekdanje SFRJ, sta se dogovorili, da bosta sodelovali le na nekaterih političnih področjih, npr. v obrambni zvezi. Državi imata svoji lastni ekonomski politiki in valuti. Srbija in Črna gora nima več enotnega glavnega mesta; čeprav je večina ustanov v Beogradu, so se nekatere premaknile v Podgorico.
Organizacija spodbuja in preverja upoštevanje mednarodne pogodbe z imenom Konvencije o prepovedi razvoja, proizvodnje, kopičenja zalog in uporabe kemičnega orožja (MPKO). Preverjanje je sestavljeno s teko vrednotenja izjav držav podpisnic in inšpekcijskih pregledov na kraju samem.
Komarica (izvirno srbsko Комарица) je naselje v Srbiji, ki upravno spada pod Občino Vlasotince; slednja pa je del Jablaniškega upravnega okraja.
Po zakoncih Cori je češki astronom Antonín Mrkos poimenoval leta 1983 odkriti asteroid 6175 Cori, po Gerty Cori pa sta poimenovana tudi krater Cori na Luni in istoimenski krater na Veneri.
Ludizem izhaja iz gr. besede ludus, kar pomeni igra. Pri ludizmu se pesniški subjekt drugače postavlja nasproti svoji dejavnosti, je igralec, kombinatorik, hazarder. Ludist je suveren igralec, saj naključje postane dejavnik svobode.
bastijon svetega Salvadorja je ravna topniška ploščad. V drugi svetovni vojni so bila v bastijon izkopana zaklonišča za zaščito pred letalskimi napadi;
Na podlagi izraelsko - palestinsekga sporazuma v Hebronu delujejo mednarodni opazovalci v misiji TIPH (Temporary International Presence in Hebron),
Oznaka čina je sestavljena iz dveh zvezd Pakistana in polmeseca s peterokrako zvezdo., ki je pritrjena na epoleto; v primerjavi z nižjimi čini, ki imajo na epoleti še oznako rodova oz. službe kopenske vojske ter na dnu epolete tudi prepleteno vrvico škrlatno-pakistansko zelene-škrlatne barve, ima epolete le oznako čina.
26. marca je poletel na svoj prvi bojni polet v letalu La-5; polet se je končal neuspešno. V spopadu je bilo letalo poškodovano in ob prihodu na letališče pa ga je obstreljevala še lastna protiletalska obramba; kljub vsem poškodbam je uspešno pristal. Posledično je mesec dni letel s starimi letali, dokler ni dobil novega La-5. Takrat je bil tudi dodeljen Stepski fronti. 6. julija 1943, med bitko pri Kursku, je dosegel svojo prvo zračno zmago, ko je sestrelil nemški Junkers Ju-87. Naslednji dan je bil sam sestreljen, a 9. julija je uspel sestreliti dva lovca Me 109. Avgusta 1943 je bil imenovan za poveljnika eskadrilje.
2005b. Zur Bewahrung und weiteren Entwicklung einiger Fälle der urindogermanischen Akzentmobilität im Urslawischen. V: Schweiger, Günter (ur.). Indogermanica : Festschrift Gert Klingenschmitt : indische, iranische und indogermanische Studien dem verehrten Jubilar dargebracht zu seinem fünfundsechzigsten Geburtstag (Studien zur Iranistik und Indogermanistik, Bd. 3). Taimering: Schweiger VWT, str. 605—609. (COBISS)
Bistvo joge tišine je človekova osredotočenost na tišino, z namenom da bi postal »eno« z njo. To pomeni, da bi se notranje umiril. Tako izkušnja tišine ne predstavlja začasne meditativne zatopljenosti vase. Prej več, kajti njeno bistvo je doseganje zlitja z brezmejno zavestjo. Posledica tega je samozaznavanje, za katerega velja, da je izvor življenjske vedrine in radosti.
Astronom Cang Daking je soodkritelj kometa 153P/Ikeya-Zhang. Je prvi kitajski astronom po katerem se imenuje komet. Komet je odkril s teleskopom, ki ga je izdelal sam.
Il Morodobesedno pomeni Maver, vzdevek naj bi bil namenjen Ludovicu zaradi njegove temne polti. Nekateri znanstveniki menijo, da je ime Moro prišlo od Ludovicovega grba, na katerem je murva, mora v italijanščini. V sodobni italijanščini je moro tudi sinonim za "bruno" (temen).
Prva spominska slovesnost je na otoku potekala 19. februarja 1985, na dan, ko je minilo natanko 40 let od izkrcanja ameriških čet na otok. Spominske slovesnosti sta se udeležili obe strani in se tako poklonili vsem padlim v bitki za otok. V spomin so postavili granitni spomenik. Spominske slovesnosti so bile tudi leta 1995 ob 50-letnici in leta 2005 ob 60-letnici bitke za otok.
Apolona so častili v bližnjem Miletu pod imenom Delfinij (isto ime je bilo uporabljeno tudi v Delfih). V Didimi je bil čaščen kot Didimeus (Διδυμευς – dvojček). Njegova druga imena na tem območju so bila Filezij in Karin (Καρινος).
Škof Belo je bil za svoja prizadevanja v imenu Vzhodnega Timorja mednarodno priznan in večkrat odlikovan. Največja nagrada je bila Nobelova nagrada, ki mu je prinesla tudi lažji dostop do različnih državnikov pri njegovem nadaljnjem delu.
Že zelo mlada je postala tovarniška delavka, se vključila v sindikat in v črnuško podružnico društva Svoboda. Zaradi politične usmerjenosti je morala velikokrat menjavati službo in bila pogosto brezposelna. Najprej je delala v tovarni platna v Jaršah, nato v Eiflerjevi tekstilni tovarni za Bežigradom, zatem v tovarni Jugobruna v Kranju.
V januarju 1491 se je poročil z Beatrice d'Este (1475-1497), najmlajšo hčerko Ercola I. d'Este v dvojni Sforza-Este zakonski zvezi. Beatricin brat, Alfonso d'Este se je namreč poročil z Anno Sforza, Ludovicovo nečakinjo. Leonardo da Vinci je orkestriral poročno slavje. Beatrice in Alfonsova sestra, Isabella d'Este (1474-1539) je bila poročena s Francescom II. Gonzaga, markizom Mantove.
Asteroid je odkril nemško-ameriški astronom Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters (1813 – 1890) 25. septembra 1879 . Imenuje se po Pompejih, mestu, ki ga je leta 79 uničil ognjenik Vezuv.
(**) Spes Livorno in Virtus Juventusque sta se umaknila iz prvenstva pred to tekmo, saj sta se združili v eno ekipo - U.S. Livorno. Federacija je odločila, da sta obe ekipi izgubili to tekmo z rezultatom 0-2.
V naselju živi 225 polnoletnih prebivalcev, pri čemer je njihova povprečna starost 54,0 let (53,1 pri moških in 54,9 pri ženskah). Naselje ima 110 gospodinjstev, pri čemer je povprečno število članov na gospodinjstvo 2,28.
Sodobna pravljica, ki obravnava drugačnost med otroki. Kraj dogajanja je v šoli in pri Maticu doma. Glavni književni osebi sta Matic in Blažka, učenca 3. b razred. Uroš, Matičevi starši, sošolci in učiteljica pa so stranske književne osebe. Čas dogajanja je februarja – okoli pusta.
3. novembra 2013 so ga našli mrtvega v bližini Moličke peči nad Lučami; najverjetneje je umrl naravne smrti, ko se je zaradi slabosti vračal s predčasno zaključenega raziskovanja bližnje jame.
Kot že samo ime skupine navaja, je bil projekt sprva osnovan kot način izražanja za kitarista Karla Sandersa, ki pa je, za razliko od mnogih ostalih takratnjih brutalnih death metal glasbenikov na sceni, imel precej veliko zanimanje za starejše civilizacije, predvsem stare Egipčane. Kombinacija puščavskih melodij skupaj z ekstremno zahtevnim načinom igranja sta bila prisotna že v starejših posnetkih skupine, skozi kasnejše izdaje pa sta bila vse bolj poudarjena.
Bresse je v srednjem veku pripadal gospodi v Bâgéju, od katerih je leta 1272 prešel k Savojcem. Provinca je bila ustanovljena v prvi polovici 15. stoletja. Na začetku je bilo njeno glavno mesto Bâgé, njegova lega v bližini francoske meje pa je spodbudila nastanek novega središča v Bourg-en-Bresse. Bresse je bil na udaru francoskega kralja Henrika IV., ki je hotel povečati svoje ozemlje. Leta 1601 je bila provinca s sporazumom v Lyonu predana Franciji, v kateri je skupaj s provinco Bugey oblikovala sprva ločeno oblast, kasneje del oblasti v Burgundiji. Savojska gospoda je v zameno za Bresse in Bugey dobila ozemlje Château-Dauphin v Piemontu.
Matična hiša Torchwooda je BBC. Prvi dve epizodi prve sezone so v Združenem kraljestvu premierno predvajali 22. oktobra 2006 na televizijskih postajah BBC Three ter BBC HD, druga sezona pa je doživela premiero na BBC Two in BBC HD 16. januarja 2008.
Tudi novinar revije Entertainment Weekly, Adam Markovitz, je koncertu dodelil pozitivno oceno: »Sinoči je v dvorani Hammerstein v New York Cityju potekala dvourna disko fantazija svetlobe, bas kitare in svetlečega spektakla, vrednega oboževanja ameriških oboževalcev. Zaradi svoje velike zbirke pesmi je Kylie postala ena izmed tistih oseb, ki so zaradi čudovitih kostumov lahko hkrati vesoljska princeska, rock zvezda in čarobna morska sirena. Vsako točko so spremljale tudi fotografije na ogromnih projektorjih. Občinstvu so postregli s starimi, novimi in prihajajočimi uspešnicami, posuli pa so nas tudi z rožnimi listi vrtnic in konfeti.« Pohvalil je tudi njene vokale in osebnost na odru: »... To ni bila letalska vaja z avtomatskim pilotom v slogu Spearsove. Obseg ni važen, važno je, da je Kylie s svojim glasom med točkami mirnom klepetala s svojim občinstvom, opazovala je njihove plesne gibe in prejemala njihove glasbene želje; vrste so se postavile že ob dveh zjutraj! Pozornost je pritegnila tudi s čudovito glasbeno skupino in tremi neverjetnimi spremljevalnimi pevci. Pri oboževalcih najbolj priljubljene balade 'Confide in Me' in 'I Believe in You' so bolj pokazale moč njenega vokala. [...] Oboževalci so z navdušenim rjovenjem Kylie počastili za njeno dvajsetletno kariero. Sramota, da so morali nanjo čakati tako dolgo.«
Oksifilne celice so izrazito eozinofilno obarvane celice v obščitnici. So večje od glavnih obščitničnih celic, imajo okroglo in majhno jedro ter številne nepravilno oblikovane mitohondrije, posledično pa zrnat videz citoplazme. Do pubertete je njihovo število majhno, s starostjo pa narašča. Celice se pogosto organizirajo v skupke, prisotne pa so tako na obrobju kot tudi v osredju žleze. Povečini so hormonsko neaktivne, vendar je pri nekaterih celicah bila opažena nizka sinteza parathormona (PTH), kar nakazuje na to, da so oksifilne celice prehodni derivat glavnih obščitničnih celic.
Corijeva je znana predvsem po obsežnem delu na področju presnove ogljikovih hidratov, za kar je leta 1947 skupaj z možem Carlom Corijem in argentinskim fiziologom Bernardom Houssayjem kot prva ženska prejela Nobelovo nagrado za fiziologijo ali medicino.
Ko se je Vzhodni Timor osamosvojil 20. maja 2002, je nadaljnje delovanje kot vodja diakonije postalo pretežko za škofa Belo. Papež Janez Pavel II je sprejel njegov odstop kot apostolski administrator diakonije Dili 26. novembra 2002.
Tretji del govori o Langošu, ki je bil nekoč ugledni brivec a je zaradi pijače vse izgubil. Začel je krasti, zato so ga poslali v koncentracijsko taborišče.
Muzej in galerije mesta Ljubljane je javni zavod Mestne občine Ljubljana, ki je bil ustanovljen 1. januarja 2009 z združitvijo Mestnega muzeja in Mestne galerije.
Fitzgeraldov čas, dvajseta leta prejšnjega stoletja, so bila zaradi lagodnega življenja v Ameriki poznana tudi kot »zlata dvajseta«. To je bil čas prohibicije, jazza, preprodaje alkohola, tehnološkega napredka, večje tolerance in sprejemanja marginalnih osebnosti, obenem pa je tudi povojni čas, ki je ustvaril »izgubljeno generacijo«, katere osnovni lastnosti naj bi bili dezorientacija in brezciljnost. Fitzgerald je bil zelo ambiciozen, ameriški sanjač, ki se je že v mladosti odločil, da bo bogat in slaven pisatelj. Njegova obsedenost z bogastvom je razvidna tudi iz njegovih delih, predvsem v romanu Veliki Gatsby. Roman je izšel aprila leta 1925 in je bil v slovenščino prvič preveden leta 1961. Naslovni junak romana, Jay Gatsby, sovraži revščino in si na vsak način želi postati premožen in prepoznaven, da bi osvojil ljubezen svojega življenja - Daisy Buchanan. Kljub temu, da gre za njegovo danes najbolj priljubljeno delo, je roman ob izidu doživel izredno slabe kritike. Med njegova druga znana dela sodijo: romani Tostran raja, Nežna je noč in The Beautiful And Damned, več kratkih zgodb in novel ter nedokončan roman The Love of the Last Tycoon.
Most Danjang-Kunšan (trad. kit. 丹陽-崑山特大橋, poen. kit. 丹陽-昆山特大橋,: Dānyáng-Kūnshān tèdà qiáo) je 164,8 kilometra dolg železniški most, na visokohitrosti železniški liniji med Pekingom in Šanghajem. Začne se v bližini Danjanga in konča v okolici Kunšana, oziroma obratno. Most velja za najdaljši most na svetu.
Prvi slovanski naselitveni sunek je po prevladujoči razlagi datiran okoli leta 550. Ti Slovani so se premaknili s področja Moravske proti jugu, na področje nekdanje rimske province Norik. Od tam so se po dolinah vzhodnoalpskih rek pomaknili do Karavank in do Ptuja (Poetovio), kjer je antična škofija propadla že pred letom 577.
Nastopila je na poletnih olimpijskih igrah v letih 1988, 1992 in 1996, leta 1988 je osvojila peto mesto v sedmeroboju. Na svetovnih prvenstvih je osvojila bronasto medaljo v isti disciplini leta 1997.
To je kavarna za zaljubljene pare ki je vendo lepo okrašena še posebej pa za valentinovo. Kavarno sta med drugimi obiskala tudi Harry Potter in Cho Chang.
Hilarij je ime več svetnikov in mučencev. V koledarju sta 16. marca Hilarij in Tacijan mučenca, ki jima je pri nas posvečena cerkev sv. Hilarija in Tacijana, ki je podružnica žipanije sv. Nikolaja v Kredu.
Kralj Oskar II. je 25. oktobra 1907 napisal pismo za carja Nikolaja II., kjer je poudaril smiselnost zveze med svojim vnukom in sestrično carja Nikolaja, veliko vojvodinjo Marijo Pavlovno. Marija Pavlovna je bila hčerka velikega vojvoda Pavla Aleksandroviča Ruskega in princese Aleksandre Grške. Viljem in Marija sta se poročila 3. maja 1908 v Sankt Peterburgu na Ruskem.
Preprosta neposredna konstrukcija je naslednja: vzame se pet petkotnikov Ph in pet pentagramov Qi, tako da je točka j iz Ph sosednja točkam j-1,j+1 v Ph, točka j iz Qi pa je sosednja točkam j-2,j+2 v Qi. Nato se poveže točko j iz Ph s točko hi+j iz Qi. (Vsi indeksi mod 5.)
Občina San-Damiano, skupaj s sosednjimi občinami Casabianca, Casalta, Croce, Ficaja, Giocatojo, Pero-Casevecchie, Piano, Poggio-Marinaccio, Poggio-Mezzana, Polveroso, La Porta, Pruno, Quercitello, San-Gavino-d'Ampugnani, Scata, Silvareccio, Taglio-Isolaccio, Talasani in Velone-Orneto, sestavlja kanton Fiumalto-d'Ampugnani s sedežem v La Porti. Kanton je sestavni del okrožja Corte.
Nadrejen je činu podpolkovnika in podrejen činu brigadnega generala. Enakovreden je činu kapitana skupine Pakistanskega vojnega letalstva, činu kapitana Pakistanske vojne mornarice in činu/položaju namestnika generalnega inšpektorja Pakistanske obalne straže.
Oklepni transporter (OT), Oklepni transporter pehote (OTP) oziroma Bojno oklepno vozilo pehote (BOVP) je oklepno bojno vozilo, katerega glavni namen je pripeljati pehoto do bojišča. Lahko so gosenični ali kolesni.
Naslednji večer se mački iz visoke družbe zberejo na slavnostnem sprejemu pri županu. Med gosti sta tudi Muri in Maca. Muca Maca je ponovno vzbudila pozornost s svojim prihodom, saj je tudi v tej zgodbi najprivlačnejša muca. Dvorijo ji mački iz vsega sveta. Druge mačke se iz užaljenosti umaknejo v bife, kjer pojedo vse najboljše prigrizke. Ob koncu večera (sprejema) maček Paganin zaigra Mačjo sonato.Ta pesem spodbudi snubce Muce Mace, ki se odločijo, da ji to noč zaigrajo podoknico. Med njimi se zgodi pretep. Mačje divjake ločijo šele policisti, ki jih priprejo. Ranjene mačke odpeljejo v Zdravstveni dom, kjer zanje poskrbita doktor Muc in lepa bolničarka Mija.
Ansambel Novi spomini je narodnozabavna zasedba z dolenjskega konca, natančneje iz Bele Cerkve v Šmarjeških Toplicah, ki je bila ustanovljena leta 2006. Poleg festivalskih uspehov so poznani po vsakoletni organizaciji koncerta Valentinovo z Novimi spomini v športni dvorani Marof v Novem mestu, ki ga organizirajo od leta 2009.
Pritisnjena ravnina (tudi oskulacijska ravnina) je v matematiki v Evklidskem in tudi v afinem prostoru takšna ravnina, na kateri leži neka točka podmnogoterosti in ima dotik drugega reda v tej točki. Izraz oskulacijska izhaja iz latinske besede osculate (osculare), kar pomeni poljubljajoč. Lahko torej rečemo, da pritisnjena ravnina izgleda tako kot, da «poljublja» podmnogoterost (v tem primeru krivuljo). Lahko rečemo tudi, da je pritisnjena ravnina tista ravnina, ki leži v neposredni bližini določene točke.
Franc Kos, brat slikarja Ivana Kosa, je leta 1935 diplomiral na ljubljanski filozofski fakulteti in prav tam 1941 tudi doktoriral. Od leta 1937 do 1943 je bil kustos v Etnografskem muzeju v Ljubljani. Med drugo svetovno vojno se je vključil v Založbo, ilegalno organizacijo OF in VOS v muzeju. Po vojni je postal eden od prvih, ki je deloval v slovenski diplomaciji. Leta 1945 je postal svetnik jugoslovanske ambasade v Londonu, od leta 1952 do 1955 je bil stalni član jugoslovanske delegacije pri OZN v New Yorku, od 1957 do 1958 veleposlanik v Švici in 1958 do 1962 na Japonskem; po vrnitvi je bil ambasador v zunanjem ministrstvu v Beogradu. Za delo v NOB je bil odlikovan s partizansko spomenico.
Paderšič je pred vojno študiral slavistiko na Filozofski fakulteti v Ljubljani in leta 1941 diplomiral. Kot študent je bil član krščanskosocialističnega AD Zarja. Po izbruhu druge svetovne vojne v Jugoslaviji se je leta 1941 aktiviral v OF in že februarja 1942 odšel na Dolenjsko, kjer je postal član odbora OF v novomeškem okrožju. Ko so italijanske enote v veliki ofenzivi preiskovale območje med Novim mestom in Šentjernejem, se je s skupino aktivistov zatekel v Beceletovo jamo blizu Zagrada pri Otočcu. Njihovo skrivališče je bilo izdano in obkoljeno. Po obleganju jame so se vsi aktivisti razen Batreje predali. Paderšič je predajo odklonil in se po dolgotrajnem odporu v jami še dva dni bojeval proti sovražnikom. Nazadnje se je sam ustrelil. Za narodnega heroja je bil proglašen 20. decembra 1951.
Mesto Valletta je zgled idealnega renesančnega mesta zaradi svojih utrdb, pa tudi mestnega življenja. V 17. stoletju so bile utrdbe znane po vsej Evropi in bi lahko vplivale na oblikovanje dela Luksemburške trdnjave. V knjigi iz leta 1878 je Valletta opisana kot "eno najbolj utrjenih [mest] na svetu". Danes utrdbe v Valletti veljajo za najpomembnejše utrdbe na Malti in so sestavni del Unescovega seznama svetovne dediščine.
Jobs je naredil še eno ključno potezo leta 1981, ko je prečesal svet v iskanju oblikovalskega podjetja za Applove nove proizvode. Naredil je večmilijonski posel z Hartmutom Esslingerjem, ki je delal za podjetje Frogdesign. Esslinger je razvil "Snežno belo oblikovanje" za Applove proizvode. Vsak "Snežno bel" proizvod je imel linije, ki so tekle čez del njegove površine, kar je naredilo predmet navidezno manjši. Esslingerjev prvi proizvod, ki ga je oblikoval, je bil Mac SE. Snežno belo oblikovanje se je redno pojavljalo na Applovih računalnikih, monitorjih, številnih periferijah in celo na kablih. Po bitki v podjetju z novim šefom Johnom Sculleyem je Jobs dal odpoved in ustanovil podjetje NeXT. Esslinger je sledil Jobsu in oblikoval nov stil za računalnik NeXT.
Robežnik je leta 1958 končal študij germanistike na Filozofski fakulteti v Ljubljani. Kljub temu, da nima formalne glasbene izobrazbe, je avtor preko 150 glasbenih del, med katerimi so najbolj znane slovenske popevke:
Johann Gottfried von Herder, nemški pesnik, prevajalec, teolog in filozof, * 25. avgust 1744, Mohrungen, Vzhodna Prusija, † 18. december 1803, Weimar.
Po vojni je dobil mesto predavatelja na oddelku za fiziologijo Univerze v Cambridgeu, kmalu po tistem pa s Huxleyjem nadaljevala tudi z biološkimi poskusi. Na podlagi meritev ionskih tokov sta opisala celično membrano kot električni krog, kjer membrano opisuje kapacitivnost, tok skozi njo pa je sestavljen iz dveh glavnih komponent - natrijeve in kalijeve. Akcijski potencial nastane zaradi napetostno in časovno odvisnih sprememb v prevodnosti membrane za posamezne ione. Njuni poskusi so bili tako uspešni tudi zaradi uporabe posebno primernega poskusnega subjekta. Odločila sta se za meritve na orjaških nevritih dolgoplavutega lignja (Doryteuthis pealeii), ki so debeli tudi do 1 mm, kar je bistveno olajšalo delo s takrat dostopnimi elektronskimi merilnimi napravami. Hodgkin je tako več mesecev na leto preživel na morski biološki postaji v Plymouthu, kjer so potekali poskusi. Svoje ugotovitve sta objavila leta 1952. Na podlagi rezultatov sta predpostavila obstoj ionskih kanalčkov, ki so bili odkriti več desetletij kasneje.
Naposled, leta 1922 je Carl le dobil službo raziskovalca na Državnem inštitutu za preučevanje malignih bolezni (danes Spominski inštitut Roswell Park) v mestu Buffalo (New York), kamor mu je Gerty sledila pol leta kasneje kot asistentka patologinja; njuni raziskovalni poti se do konca njenega življenja nista več ločili. Se je pa dolgo časa soočala s spolno diskriminacijo in drugimi preprekami - imela je mnogo nižjo plačo in prepričevali so ju, da je »neameriško« če mož in žena delata skupaj, njo pa, da bo škodila moževi karieri če bo vztrajala pri sodelovanju z njim. Kljub temu nista obupala in sta pričela z enim najplodovitejših sodelovanj v znanosti sploh; čeprav je bil inštitut usmerjen v raziskave raka in radioterapije, je imel Carl zaradi ohlapnega vodstva veliko svobode, tako da sta se lahko posvečala svojemu osrednjemu zanimanju. V okrog 50 skupnih znanstvenih člankih v tem obdobju sta poročala o svojih odkritjih na področju presnove ogljikovih hidratov, predvsem njeno hormonalno uravnavanje na ravni organizma (nadaljnjih 11 je objavila Gerty samostojno). Njun prvi preboj je prišel z odkritjem t. i. Corijevega cikla pretvorbe glukoze v glikogen in obratno. Dokazala sta, da je mlečna kislina ključen vmesni člen v tem procesu, posrednik med glikogenom, ki nastane v mišicah, in glikogenom, ki se razgrajuje v jetrih. Leta 1928 je postala naturalizirana ameriška državljanka.
Serijo Torchwood BBC uvršča v svoj večerni termin po 9. uri, kar pomeni, da je njena vsebina lahko bolj "odrasla", nasilnejša in bolj seksualna od materinske serije Doctor Who, ki je namenjena predvsem otrokom in mladini. V prvi sezoni Torchwooda tako lahko zasledimo veliko stvari, ki so prebile led v franšizi Doctor Who: ljubezenske scene v spolnem kontekstu, poljube istospolnih partnerjev ter uporaba zelo sočnega besedišča.
901. pehotni polk (izvirno nemško Infanterie-Regiment 901; tudi 901. šolski polk (mot), Lehr-Regiment 901 (mot)) je bil eden izmed pehotnih polkov v sestavi redne nemške kopenske vojske med drugo svetovno vojno.
osebe so kmetje, obrtniki, delavci, posestniki, med posestniki in hlapci ter dninarji ni konflikta, nižji sloji so element idile ali humorja;
19. januar - Izrael v skladu z dogovorom med Netanjahujem in Arafatom prepusti Palestincem večinski nadzor nad Hebronom, zadnjim mestom pod izraelsko upravo na Zahodnem bregu.
Kraljeva astronomska družba (RAS) mu je leta 1996 podelila Eddingtonovo medaljo. Leta 2002 je skupaj z Lindeom in Steinhardtom prejel Diracovo medaljo za razvoj pojma kozmične inflacije v kozmologiji.
Na čelu države je bil še vedno knez s praktično neomejeno oblastjo, vlado in vrhovno sodišče je predstavljal 12- do 16-članski senat, ki ga je imenoval knez iz vrst uglednih plemenskih poglavarjev. Osnovna upravna enota je bila kapetanija. Vse do 1868 državna lastnina ni bila ločena od knezove osebne in ta jo je trošil po svoji volji in preudarku. Leta 1874 je bil senat številčno zmanjšan, ostala mu je le še sodna oblast. Imenovane so bile nove uprave kot zametki ministrstev, ki so bila uvedena 1879, senat pa je tedaj postal vrhovno sodišče.
Viljem je bil drugi sin kralja Gustava V. Švedskega in njegove kraljice soproge Viktorije Badenske ter je avtor veliko knjig (predvsem v švedščini) kot Prins Wilhelm.
Batavska vstaja leta 69-70 je bila vstaja germanskih in keltskih plemen v rimski provinci Spodnji Germaniji (južna Nizozemska in severno Porenje) proti Rimskemu imperiju. Začeli so jo Batavi, majhno, a vojaško zelo močno germansko pleme, naseljeno v delti Rena. Batavom so je kmalu pridružilo nekaj sosednjih germanskih plemen z rimske in germanske strani Rena in nekaj keltskih plemen iz Belgijske Galije.
Domačijska literatura (nem. Heimatliteratur) je v širšem pomenu oznaka za vsako literaturo, nastalo iz občutka povezanosti z domačo zemljo, v ožjem pomenu oznaka za domačijsko povest in domačijski roman, idejno konservativno idilično kmečko pisanje, ki se navaja med žanri trivialne literature. V nemški literaturi oznaka za literarno gibanje, ki se je pojavilo leta 1900 z nastankom časopisa Heimat.
Keith Caulfield iz revije Billboard je koncertu dodelil pozitivno oceno: »Kylie Minogue ve, kako že ob prihodu narediti vtis. V svojem prvem nastopu v Los Angelesu, v Hollywood Bowlu je pop diva blestela pred projektorjem v obliki diamantne lobanje. In to je bil samo začetek najboljšega koncerta njene kariere, ki je vključeval številne kostume, ogromen digitalni projektor, osupljive laserje in stroje, ki so ustvarjali meglo. [...] Med nastopom v Hollywood Bowlu je Kylie Minogue pobrskala po svojih starih katalogih in nam postregla s svojim prvim singlom, 'The Loco-Motion', ki jo je navdihnil muzikal Kabaret, zatem pa je s plesalci izvedla še nekaj novejših uspešnic, kot je pesem 'Can't Get You Out Of My Head'. Bodimo iskreni - to ni bil še eden izmed tistih šovov, kjer pevci sploh ne pojejo zares. Kylie Minogue je pela v živo in nikoli ji ni zmanjkalo glasu. [...] Že v drugih državah se je čudovito izkazala - tokrat je prvič v Združenih državah Amerike - a Američanom je postregla s pravo poslastico, da smo se zavedli, kaj so vsa ta leta zamujali.«
Selitev Slovanov iz pradomovine se je začela konec 4. stoletja, ko so se germanska plemena po vdoru Hunov v vzhodno Evropo začela seliti na področje rimske države. Slovani so jim sledili in se naselili na izpraznjeno področje, ki so ga Germani zapustili. Iz pradomovine so se selili v treh smereh; iz vzhodne veje so se razvili današnji Rusi, Ukrajinci in Belorusi, zahodni Slovani so Poljaki, Čehi, Slovaki, Lužiški Srbi in Kašubi (del zahodnih Slovanov je dosegel tudi današnje slovensko etnično ozemlje), južna veja pa se je pomikala proti Balkanu in iz njih so se razvili Slovenci, Hrvati, Srbi, Makedonci in Bolgari.
Skozi Buče pelje 7 km dolga lokalna cesta, ki mimo vinogradnih krajev povezuje občinsko središče s Prelaskim v dolini Sotle. Okoli 2 km južno od naselja je na kraškem območju zanimiva zatrepna dolina Gruska z dvema manjšima jamama in lahnjakovim slapom.
Teksas je druga največja zvezna država ZDA z glavnim mestom Austin. Od tam prihaja tudi prejšnji predsednik ZDA George W. Bush. Na jugu meji na Mehiko. Teksas je znan po proizvodnji bombaža.
CANDU reaktor se lahko konfigurira v oplodni reaktor na torij. Torij je v naravi 3X bolj pogost kot uran, vendar naravni torij ni fisilen, zato ga je najprej treba "oploditi".
Za njegovo najpomembnejše delo v Ljubljani velja urbanistično in arhitekturno celostno zasnovani kompleks Trga revolucije v Ljubljani, zasnovan (1960). Preurejanje območja nekdanjega Uršulinskega vrta so načrtovali že v petdesetih letih, delno celo prej, ko so postavljali stanovanjske hiše v zaledju Prešernove ceste. Ravnikar je s svojo zamislijo zmagal na natečaju in za tem, skupaj s sodelavci, urejal celoto in posamezne objekte do leta 1982. Kompleks obsega ploščadi in različno visoke ter različno oblikovane stavbe: tlorisno tristrani stolpnici TR2 (Ljubljanska banka) in TR3 (nekdaj Iskra) v osi simbolnih ljubljanskih vrat, blagovnico Maximarket ob vzhodnem robu in kulturni ter kongresni center Cankarjev dom (dokončan 1982). Ob robu trga stoji še Spomenik revoluciji (D. Tršar, otvoritev 9. maj 1975). Površino velikega trga so znova pretlakovali in odprli septembra 2014. Takrat so premaknili drog za slovensko zastavo in umaknili korito z lipo.
Franc Kos (ilegalno ime Melhior), slovenski umetnostni zgodovinar, etnolog in diplomat, * 7. avgust 1912, Maribor, † 29. september 1966, Ljubljana.
kurtina svete Ubaldeske, znana kot Abercrombiejeva kurtina, dolga stena povezuje bastijona svetega Janeza in svetega Lazarja s številnimi britanskimi topovskimi gnezdi.
Meung-sur-Loire je bil od 13. do 18. stoletja rezidenca škofov iz Orléansa. Podobo iz 13. stoletja naj bi do danes ohranili obokana stražnica, kleti ter ječe, vključno s tajno ječo. Zadnji škof ga je temeljito prenovil in mu s tem dal današnjo podobo: osrednje krilo z zamaknjenima stranskima kriloma, katerih vogale zaključujejo okrogli stolpi. Veliko tlakovano kvadratno dvorišče je na jugozahodu. Na jugu je krilo, ki poruši somernost dvorca. Notranjost je opremljena s slikami in tapiserijami. V zvoniku bližnje cerkve sv. Lipharda je bil 1461 zaprt pesnik François Villon, ki ga je pomilostil kralj Ludvik XI., ko je šel skozi Meung.
V grški novi zavezi je ta hrib opisan kot »kraj, ki se imenuje Golgota (grško Γολγοθᾶ), kar pomeni ›kraj lobanje‹ (grško Κρανίου Τόπος )« (Mt 27,33). Verjetno gre za hrib, ki so ga v aramejščini imenovali גלגלתא [Gûlgaltâ] = Lobanja. V Vulgati je ime prevedeno v latinščino kot Calvaria - Kalvarija. Besedo kalvarija se danes v slovenščini uporablja tudi kot sinonim za veliko trpljenje.
To naselje je, glede na rezultate popisa iz leta 2002, večinoma srbsko, a v času zadnjih treh popisov je opazno zmanjšanje števila prebivalcev.
bastijon svetega Mihaela, znan tudi kot Spencerjev bastijon – polbastijon na zahodnem skrajnem delu sprednjega zemljišča. Dva mlina na veter sta bila zgrajena leta 1674, vendar so ju porušili v 19. stoletju. Bastijon je del Hastingsonovih vrtov;
zgornja trdnjava svetega Elma je izvirna zvezdasta trdnjava z dvema polbastijonoma, dvema bokoma in dvema sprednjima stranema, tlemi za parado, vojašnico in velikim kavalirjem;
Brestov Dol (izvirno srbsko Брестов Дол) je naselje v Srbiji, ki upravno spada pod Občino Babušnica; slednja pa je del Pirotskega upravnega okraja.
Macintoshov predhodnik, Lisa, je bil predstavljen leta 1983 s ceno 9.995 dolarjev in večino z GUI povezanih inovacij, ki so bile kasneje videne na Macintoshu. Bil je namenjen poslovnim uporabnikom, vendar se je (predvsem zaradi cene) precej slabo prodajal in ni predstavljal uspeha za Apple. S tržišča so ga umaknili leta 1986.
Najjužnejša jama je opisana in se razteza približno 490 metrov v dolžino dobro urejene poti. Znana je po svoji notranjosti, saj je v njej več kot 8000 podob Bude. Nekateri starejši kipi in podobe v jami imajo napise iz poznega 18. stoletja ali zgodnjega konbaunškega obdobja, najzgodnejši je iz leta 1773. Nekatere podobe nimajo napisov, so starejše, kar temelji na elementih sloga. Tan Tun meni, da nobeden ni starejši od zgodnjega 18. stoletja in da je leto 1750 najzgodnejši čas. Čeprav je večina kipov iz poznega 18. in zgodnjega 19. stoletja, so mnoge druge kipe in podobe prinašali v jamo različni donatorji ves čas vse do danes, od laikov do vladajočih slojev. Zbirka kot celota je impresiven prikaz budistične ikonografije in umetnosti od zgodnjega konbaunškega obdobja do obdobja moderne. Nobeno drugo mesto v Mjanmarju nima take vrste slogov, ne samo na podobah, ampak tudi na okrasnih prestolih in oltarjih, ki obkrožajo podobe.
Marat Mihajlovič (Mubinovič) Safin [marát mihájlovič (mubínovič) sáfin] (tatarsko Marat Mөbin ulı Safin, Марат Мөбин улы Сафин, rusko Мара́т Миха́йлович (Муби́нович) Са́фин), ruski tenisač tatarske narodnosti, * 27. januar 1980, Moskva, Rusija.
To naselje je, glede na rezultate popisa iz leta 2002, večinoma srbsko, a v času zadnjih treh popisov je opazno zmanjšanje števila prebivalcev.
V širšem smislu lahko izraz Evangeličanske Cerkve pomeni tudi druge Cerkve, ki izhajajo iz reformacijskega gibanja v 16. stoletju, zlasti Cerkve, ki so nastale na naukih Ulricha Zwinglija in Jeana Calvina - imenujemo jih tudi Evangeličanske Cerkve Helvetske veroizpovedi, Kalvinske Cerkve ali tudi reformirane Cerkve.
Leta 2002 so se pojavile govorice, da bo Kylie Minogue s svojo takratno turnejo, KylieFever2002, nastopila tudi v Združenih državah Amerike in Kanadi, saj so tako album Fever kot njegovi singli tudi tamkaj poželi velik uspeh. Na začetku so verjeli, da Kylie Minogue ni želela nastopiti na manjših koncertih, vendar so kasneje potrdili, da njena založba ni želela organizirati turneje po Združenih državah Amerike in Kanadi. Kylie Minogue je vseeno nastopila na nekaj koncertih v Združenih državah Amerike, in sicer v sklopu vsakoletnega koncerta Jingle Ball podjetja KIIS-FM, in sicer na koncertih v Anaheimu, Houstonu, Miamiju, Filadelfiji in New York Cityju.
Zgodovina Črne gore se začne v zgodnjem srednjem veku po prihodu Slovanov v dele bivše rimske province Dalmacije, v VII. stoletju pa je na območju rimske province Prevalis okoli Skadarskega jezera, pod suverenostjo Bizantinskega cesarstva, nastala slovanska družbeno-državna skupnost pod imenom Duklea (Duklja), ki je osnova vsega kasnejšega državno-političnega organiziranja Črnogorcev.
Lannan uporablja pet različnih metov. Njegov glavni met je 2-šivna hitra žoga, ki doseže 143-146 km/h, uporablja pa še 4-šivno hitro žogo (141-146), drsalca (127-133), oblinarko (119-123) in spremenljivca (135-141). Proti levičarjem uporablja predvsem hitri žogi in drsalca, proti desničarjem pa tej mešanici doda še spremenljivca. V položajih z dvema udarcema se najpogosteje poslužuje drsalca.
2010 je izšel njegov albumski prvenec z naslovom Samuel Lucas, konec istega leta pa je posnel skladbo »Ona nije više tu«, ki je bila prvotno napisana za Tošeta Proeskega. 2016 je izdal svoj prvi avtorski komad »Pesem o naju«, za katerega je glasbo napisal sam.
Ta izrek je le posebni primer izreka o množenju kongruenc. Torej n-krat pomnožimo kongruenco samo s sabo in izrek je dokazan. Je pa ta izrek kot boste videli v nadaljevanju zelo pomemben.
Zelenkasta golobica je zelo značilna vrsta iz družine golobic, ki jo zaradi zelenkastega in pogosto razpokanega klobuka zlahka določimo. Klobuk te gobe ima premer od 5 do 15 cm in je sprva polkrožen, kmalu postane raven in nekoliko udrt na temenu. Po zgornji strani ke modrikasto zelen in ima pogosto značilno razpokano površino. Popolnoma razprt ima nažlebkano obrobje, kožica pa se zlahka olupi, vendar ne po celotni površini. Na temenu klobuka je namreč priraščena na meso. Na spodnji strani klobuka je trosovnica, sestavljena iz belih in precej gostih, širokih in srednje debelih lističev, ki so ponekod viličasto razcepljeni. Lističi so precej krhki, pripeti na bet, pri starih primerkih pa so pogosto rjavo lisasti. V njih se nahajajo od 6-10 x 5-7 mikronov veliki široko elipsasti trosi s povezanimi, nizkimi bradavicami. Trosni prah je bele barve.
Ker Konstancij II. ni imel otrok in je potreboval predstavnika svoje dinastije na vzhodu, je leta 351 poklical Gala v Sirmij, ga poročil s svojo sestro Konstancijo in proglasil za svojega cezarja. Po proglasitvi je Konstancij Gal odšel v Antiohijo, Konstancij II. pa na pohod proti uzurpatorju Magnenciju. Cesar je Gala obdal z množico zaupnikov, ki so ga stalno nadzirali.
De Havilland DH.98 Mosquito ("Komar") je bil britanski dvomotorni večnamenski bombnik / lovec 2. svetovne vojne. Zaradi velike hitrosti in lesene konstrukcije je dobil vzdevek "leseni čudež" (The Wooden Wonder). Ker je bil zgrajen večinoma iz lesa, ga je bilo težko zaznati z radarjem. Tako je bil nekakšen prednik današnjih za radarje nevidnih ("stealth") letal. Med posadkami se je uveljavil tudi vzdevek "Mossie".
11. september - prebivalci Škotske na referendumu podprejo ponovno ustanovitev parlamenta, ki bo prvič po 290 letih zveze z Anglijo prevzel del pristojnosti.
Domačijska literatura je nastala v okviru pojma domačijska umetnost (Heimatkunst) oz. domačijsko pesništvo (Heimatdichtung) kot odpor proti velikomestni civilizaciji in naturalizmu ter dekadentnemu simbolizmu na prelomu stoletja. Njen nastanek je spodbudila industrializacija, s tem pa rast mest in proletarizacija podeželja. Enostranskemu naturalističnemu prikazovanju mizerije časa se je zoperstavila z optimizmom, vračanjem k »izvornim silam«, tj. ljudskosti in pokrajini. Iz nezaupanja v meščanstvo je romantično mitizirala kmetstvo. Ustvarila je idilično sliko kmeta, ki je prerasla v heroično in je bila slepa za dejanski položaj modernega, industrializirajočega se kmetijstva. Mestu pa je pripisovala kriminal, seksualno razpuščenost, brezverstvo, liberalizem, pokvarjenost.
Shaka je splošno priznan kot odločilni dejavnik razširitve plemena Zulu iz manjšega klana v narod, ki je bil naseljen med rekama Phongolo in Mzimkhulu. Poskrbel je za številne vojaške reforme in izboljšave, ki so omogočile širjenje Zulujev.
18. marca 1571 je mesto Valletta uradno postalo glavno mesto Malte in sedež reda, čeprav še ni bilo dokončano. Do konca 16. stoletja je postala Valletta največje naselje na Malti.
2008: Festival Ptuj – Korenova plaketa, nagrada za najboljši ansambel med ostalimi zasedbami, nagrada občinstva po mnenju TV gledalcev in radijskih poslušalcev in nagrada občinstva na prireditvi.
Večinoma so glasbeni kritiki turneji dodelili povprečne ocene. Ker so bili »prijetno presenečeni nad bliščem in glamurjem Kyliejine turneje ter močjo, s katero je pritegnila vse oboževalce«, so ji vegaški organizatorji tamkajšnjih koncertov ponudili začasno prebivališče v mestu, da bi tam organizirala še več koncertov.
Osrednja znamenitost pa je zgodovinsko mesto Dubrovnik, ki se je v 20. stoletju razvil v največje in najpomembnejše Hrvaško in eno najbolj znanih svetovnih turističnih središč, ki je od 1979 vpisano v UNESCOV seznam svetovne kulturne dediščine.
Za sklad Mladi upi so zbrali 47.000 €, ki sta jih POP TV in Zavod Vse bo v redu zaokrožila na 50.000. Po izboru strokovne žirije so finančna sredstva prejeli:
Mirna je po dolžini tretja najdaljša reka na Dolenjskem, po količini vode sicer bistveno manjša od prvih dveh, vendar pa z zelo raznolikim potekom doline, v kateri se tudi njen značaj večkrat povsem spremeni. Pokrajina ob reki je razmeroma nizko gričevje, ki proti severu in jugu prehaja v nekoliko višje hribovje, vendar je zelo drobno razčlenjeno s številnimi, razmeroma ozkimi dolinami. Velik del porečja je v različnih triasnih kamninah, ki se menjavajo na kratke razdalje (dolomiti, laporji, skrilavci, peščenjaki, apnenci) in od teh je v precejšnji meri odvisna izoblikovanost celotnega površja v porečju ter tudi značilnosti doline in struge Mirne.
Posamezno simbiotsko kolonijo sestavljajo različne vrste kvasovk in bakterij: Gluconacetobacter xylinus ( Acetobacter xylinum, Acetobacter ketogenum), Bacterium xylinum, Bacterium xylinoides, Bacterium gluconicum, Saccharomyces ludwigii, S. apiculatus varieties, Schizosaccharomyces pombe, Torula varieties, Pichia fermantans in druge.
Država ima v tem modelu zgolj nalogo sprejemati zakone in predpise, ki se jih morajo držati nosilci zavarovanj in nadzor nad spoštovanjem le-teh. Hkrati pa ima tudi funkcijo arbitra in nalogo, da posreduje, kadar pride do motenj v sistemu. Na oblikovanje cen država vpliva le posredno (s sprejemnjem zakonov), sicer pa oblikovanje poteka po pogajalskem principu med predstavniki izvajalcev in plačnikov storitev.
V zgornjem toku do Mirne je voda v reki razmeroma čista, saj ob njej ni večjih onesnaževalcev in večjih kmetijskih površin. V srednjem toku, kjer je reka regulirana, in v soteski je voda zlasti ob nizkem vodostaju v poletnih mesecih precej onesnažena, čeprav ima Mirna svojo čistilno napravo za industrijske odpadne vode in odpadne vode iz gospodinjstev že od leta 1974. Manjšo čistilno napravo ima tudi Mokronog, v gradnji je čistilna naprava za odpadne vode iz Zavoda za prestajanje kazni zapora Dob v Slovenski vasi.
Ustanovna listina knjižnice ni ohranjena, cesarski dvorni urad pa 8. oktobra 1774 že piše o liceju in njegovi knjižnici, ki je bila ustanovljena za splošno uporabo. Pred požarom v jezuitskem kolegiju so rešili 637 knjig, Marija Terezija pa je te knjige namenila nastajajočemu liceju. Vse do leta 1790 je knjižnica prevzela veliko knjig iz samostanov, ki so jih razpustili zaradi reforme cesarja Jožefa II (med drugim dela iz knjižnice kartuzijanskega samostana v Bistri pri Vrhniki, iz samostana ljubljanskih avguštincev, samostana kostanjeviških cistercijanov, samostana devinskih servitov, ljubljanskih bosonogih avguštincev idr.), prejela pa je tudi več donacij knjig iz zasebnih zbirk.
Google vsebuje tri dele, vsak del posebej je del distribucijske mreže tisočih poceni računalnikov in lahko hkrati opravljajo vzporedno procesiranje, to pomeni metodo, v kateri je mnogo izračunavanj opravljenih vzporedno, kar omogoča hitrejše procesiranje.
V debelem črevesu živi več milijard bakterij, ki pripomorejo k dokončnemu razkroju hrane, pri tem pa nastajajo plini, kot so vodik, ogljikov dioksid, vodikov sulfid in metan. Sluznica v debelem črevesu ne izloča več prebavnih sokov, saj je prebava hrane tukaj že končana, pač pa samo sluz, ki maže iztrebke in jim lajša prehod. Protitelesca v sluzi nas ščitijo pred raznimi bakterijskimi obužbami.
Guth se je rodil v družini srednjega razreda, očetu Hymanu Guthu in materi Elaine Guth, ki sta imela majhno trgovino z živili in čistilnico. Za razliko od svojega sina nista imela visoke izobrazbe. Oče je diplomiral na nižjem kolidžu, mati pa ni nikoli hodila na kolidž. Guth je bil drugi otrok med dvema sestrama. Navedel je, da se je v drugače čisto običajnem otroštvu pri njem razvilo veliko nagnjenje do matematike.
Ludovico se je zadovoljil z realnostjo, rajo kot z videzom moči. Vlagal je v kmetijstvo, konje in živinorejo ter kovinsko industrijo. Približno 20.000 delavcev je bilo zaposlenih v industriji svile. Umetniki in obrtniki so se trudili, da bi bil milanski dvor najbolj čudovit ne samo v Italiji, ampak v Evropi. Leonardo da Vinci in arhitekt Donato Bramante sta bila med številnimi umetniki, pesniki in glasbeniki, ki so se zbrali v Milanu. Ludovico je sponzoriral veliko del na področju civilnega in vojaškega inženirstva, gradil kanale in utrdbe. Dvor in navadni ljudje so se enako veselili Lodovicovega praznovanja. Lodovico je nadaljevali delo na Milanski stolnici, razširil ulice glavnega mesta in jih krasil z vrtovi. Univerzi v Pavii in Milanu sta pod njim cveteli. Bilo je nekaj pritožb na obsežno obdavčitev, ki je bila potrebna za podporo tem vlaganjem in nekaj nemirov kot posledica tega.
Polkovnik Beljajev je prvič poletel v vesolje kot poveljnik vesoljske ladje Voshod 2 z Aleksejem Leonovom med 18. in 19. marcem 1965. Bil je prvi človek, ki je izstopil iz vesoljske ladje v odprti vesoljski prostor.
Šolal se je na Kolidžu Trinity v Cambridgeu in se posvetil fiziologiji. Z njegovim učencem Andrewom Huxleyjem sta na Univerzi v Cambridgeu v tridesetih letih pričela s serijo poskusov na živčnih celicah, na podlagi katere sta razvila znameniti model, ki opisuje, kako se sprožajo in razširjajo akcijski potenciali v vzdražnih celicah. Bila sta med prvimi, ki so uporabili elektrofiziološko tehniko, imenovano metoda vpete membrane (voltage-clamp).
15-letna princesa je hitro očarala milanski dvor s svojim veseljem do življenja, smehom in celo njeno ekstravaganco. Pomagala naj bi oblikovati grad Sforza v središče razkošnih festivalov in plesov, ljubila je zabavne filozofe, pesnike, diplomate in vojake. Beatrice je imela dober okus, zaradi česar je do moževega pokroviteljstva umetnikov postala bolj selektivna in je rada videla, da sta bila Leonardo da Vinci in Donato Bramante zaposlena na dvoru. Ona je postala mati Maksimilijana Sforze in Francesca II. Sforze, prihodnjega Milanskega vojvoda.
Majda Sepe je bila ena najvidnejših pevk zlatega obdobja slovenske popevke. Njen mož je bil skladatelj Mojmir Sepe. Leta 1973 je zmagala na Slovenski popevki s skladbo Med iskrenimi ljudmi, leto kasneje pa s skladbo Uspavanka za vagabunde.
V glavnem je bila konzervativna in je nasprotovala družbenoekonomskim spremembam in zavračala tujstvo (tudi tujke v jeziku) in zapletenost. Pisec je moral poznati svoj kraj in njegovo zgodovino, navade, ljudsko blago, izogibati pa se je moral strankarski in verski opredeljenosti kot silam diferenciacije, saj je poudarjala enotnost, zanesljivost in enostavnost, ki jih lahko nudi le domača zemlja.
Dr. Owen Harper, ki ga igra britanski igralec Burn Gorman, je v Torchwoodu 3 zaposlen kot medincinski strokovnjak. Po izgubi svoje zaročenke zaradi izvenzemeljskega parazita Owena rekrutira stotnik Jack Harkness in ga zaposli v inštitutu. Tekom službovanja pri Torchwoodu je menjal mnogo partnerk, s katerimi je imel prevsem kratka ljubezenska razmerja, vključno s Suzzie Costello in Gwen Cooper. Začuda se ni nikoli odzval na ljubezenske poglede svoje sodelavke Toshiko Sato. V drugi sezoni serije ga ubije Aaron Copley, vendar ga s pomočjo izvenzemeljske tehnologije vrnejo nazaj v življenje oziroma v stanje živečega mrtveca. V finalni epizodi druge sezone zaradi izpostavljenosti visokim dozam radiacije Owen dobesedno izpari v zrak, s čimer se poskus njegovega oživljanja izniči.
Papež, ki ga je izvolil ta Konstanški koncil, je moral dati neke vrste potrditev na koncu koncila. Obenem pa je moral paziti, da se ne bi zameril močni struji, ki je zagovarjala konciliarizem in je menila, da koncilski odloki veljajo tudi brez papeževega potrdila. Omeniti je treba, da je ta koncil izdal dva pomembna odloka: Sacrosancta in Frequens. V prvem je poudarjeno, da je koncil nad papežem in da ga morajo ubogati v stvareh razkola oziroma enotnosti, kakor tudi v verskih zadevah tudi (vsi trije) papeži: avinjonski (Benedikt XIII. ), pizanski (Janez XXIII. ), kakor tudi rimski (Gregor XII.).
Uvajanje medkrajevne avtobusne proge med Ljubljano in Vrzdencem po Horjulski dolini spada v čas uvajanja proge proti Polhovemu Gradcu. Sprva je avtobus obratoval le nekajkrat dnevno, vozni red je bil prilagojen potrebam tedanjih potnikov, in sicer delavcem (tovarne so pričele z delom večinoma ob 6.00, končevale pa ob 14.00). Ko pa so avtomobili postali dostopnejši, je veliko ljudi pričelo uporabljati osebni prevoz. V sedemdesetih letih so postala poceni še goriva, zato je upadlo število potnikov. Ukinjena je bila neposredna povezava Horjula preko Vrhnike do Ljubljane. Po letu 1980 se je zaradi krize v Jugoslaviji stanje spremenilo, vedno več ljudi je ponovno pričelo uporabljati javni prevoz. Tedanji podjetji Viator in kasneje Integral pa nista bili pripravljeni na povečan promet. Primanjkovalo je avtobusov, zato so bili avtobusi ob konicah polni, pogoste so bile okvare, vozni red tudi ni bil prilagojen potrebam potnikov. Avtobusi so večinoma obratovali do Horjula ali Vrzdenca, nekaj odhodov dnevno je vodilo do Šentjošta. Tedaj je bil namreč odsek ceste še makadamski. Zato so prebivalci ob različnih priložnostih zahtevali popravke in usklajevanja. Po letu 1995 so zaradi časovnih in cenovnih ugodnosti ponovno pričeli množičneje uporabljati osebni prevoz. Število potnikov na progi je vztrajno upadalo. Konec 90. let 20. stoletja so zaradi tega ukinili nedeljske vožnje, ki so jih uporabljali redki zaposleni in izletniki, zatem pa so ukinili še sobotne popoldanske vožnje. Zaradi tega se je javni prevoz začel tudi dražiti in je postal popolnoma nekonkurenčen. Uporabniki proge so ostali predvsem šolarji.
po 2 tednih - originalni vzrok bolečine je lahko še vedno prisoten, kar pa ni nujno. Lahko vzrok tudi izgine, ženska pa ima še vedno bolečine, ki so povezane predvsem s pričakovanji, ki vodijo v suho in ozko vagino.
S pesmijo »Got to Be Certain« je Kylie Minogue nastopila 3. oktobra v Las Vegasu, saj jo je zahtevalo občinstvo. Takrat je nastopila tudi s prvimi nekaj kiticami pesmi »I Gotta Feeling« glasbene skupine The Black Eyed Peas.
Slovani so se od leta 600 do 8. stoletja naselili na vse kraško območje do roba Furlanske nižine in s tem izoblikovali jezikovno mejo, ki je v veliki meri prisotna še danes. Poskus prodora proti zahodu, v Furlanijo se je verjetno končal po porazu v bitki z Langobardi pri kraju Lauriana, leta 720.
Nile je tehnično/brutalna death metal skupina iz Južne Karoline, ZDA ustanovljena leta 1993. Njihova glasba in besedila so neposredno povezana s temami o Starem Egiptu, njihovi mitologiji, umetnosti, zgodovini in religiji.
Saint-Astier (okcitansko Sench Astier) je naselje in občina v francoskem departmaju Dordogne regije Akvitanije. Leta 2008 je naselje imelo 5.383 prebivalcev.
Kuroki je najbolj znan po svojem opodabljanju dogodkov okoli Hirošime in Nagasakija leta 1945; sam je preživel to in se nato počutil krivega, da je preživel, medtem ko so njegovi prijatelji umrli.
Olszak je deloval kot eden od rektorjev Mednarodnega centra za mehanične znanosti v Vidmu in bil dopisni član Slovenske akademije znanosti in umetnosti (od 29. marca 1979).
R20=odstopil, toda uvrščen NC=ni uvrščen R=odstopil NS=ni štartal NQ=ni se kvalificiral NPQ=ni se predkvalificiral DIS=diskvalifikacija DIS(2)=diskvalificiran z drugega mesta
Kirurška stolpnica Univerzitetnega kliničnega centra Maribor je 16-nadstropna stavba klinike za kirurgijo v UKC Maribor. Stolpnica meri v višino 65,5 m in je bila do izgradnje Betnavskega parka leta 2010 najvišja stavba v Mariboru, 9. najvišja stavba v Sloveniji in najvišja stavba v Sloveniji izven Ljubljane.
Za konstrukcijo te mere, uporabimo teorijo mere, ki je uporabna za metrične prostore. Določimo metrične zunanje mere na X. Naj je C razred vseh podmnožic X. Za vsako realno število s naj je ps fukcija A → diam(A)s na C. Hausdorffova zunanja mera razsežnosti s, označena s Hs je zunanja mera, ki odgovarja funkciji Hs na C.
V tem času je imela v Trbovljah največ veljave nemščina. Le redki narodno zavedni Slovenci so si prizadevali za uveljavljanje slovenskega jezika. Med njimi je bila Ana Dimnik, gostilničarka. Gostilna Dimnik še stoji tam, kjer se cesta razcepi v Cesto oktobrske revolucije in v ulico Sallaumines (imenovana po francoski občini Sallaumines, ki je od leta 1964 pobratena s Trbovljami). Obrtniška cesta (prej Cesta oktobrske revolucije) vodi proti starim Trbovljam. Ob vhodu vanje je Peklarjeva (tudi Arzenškova) grofovska hiša z večkapno streho, katere osnova izvira morda še iz časa celjskih grofov.
21. februarja 1906 je postal nadškof Gorice in Gradiške; to dolžnost je opravljal do 25. oktobra 1931, ko se je pod pritiskom italijanske oblasti upokojil. Istega dne je postal naslovni škof Aegine.
V naselju, katerega izvirno (srbsko-cirilično) ime je Хум, živi 1170 polnoletnih prebivalcev, pri čemer je njihova povprečna starost 40,6 let (40,4 pri moških in 40,7 pri ženskah). Naselje ima 384 gospodinjstev, pri čemer je povprečno število članov na gospodinjstvo 3,78.
Do uničenja svetišča, ki so ga povzročili Perzijci leta 494 pred našim štetjem, je zanj skrbela družina Branhidi, ki je trdila, da so potomci Branha, mladeniča, ki ga je ljubil Apolon. Svečenica, ki je sedela nad svetim izvirom, je prerokovala, Branhidi pa so razlagali njene prerokbe. Herodot in Pavzanias sta datirala izvor preročišča v Didimi pred jonsko kolonizacijo. Branhide je izgnal Darej I., ko so zažgali tempelj leta 493 pred našim štetjem in odnesli v Ektabano arhaični bronast kip Apolona, ki naj bi ga izdelal Kanakhos iz Sikiona. V 6. stoletju je izvir usahnil in arhaično preročišče je utihnilo. Čeprav so bila svetišča v Delfih in Efezu hitro obnovljena, je svetišče v Didimi ostalo porušeno do leta 334 pred našim štetjem. Kalisten, Aleksandrov dvorni zgodovinar, je poročal, da je izvir spet začel teči, ko je šel Aleksander mimo, vendar pa ni bilo osebja in tradicije preročišča. Napisi, vključno poizvedbe in odgovori ter literarno pričevanje o vlogi Didime kot preročišča s »slabim koncem« kot Apolonovih domnevnih kazni Dioklecijanovega preganjanja kristjanov do zaprtja templjev pod Teodozijem I.
Križev pot sodi med standardno opremo katoliških cerkva. Sestavljen je iz 14 slik, ki imajo standardizirano vsebino in jih imenujemo tudi postaje (po starem štacijoni) križevega pota. Postaje, kot jih poznamo danes, so nastale v 17. stoletju. Povzete so po Svetem pismu in po izročilu:
Kožedub je bil s 62 letalskimi zmagami najuspešnejši sovjetski letalski as druge svetovne vojne, najuspešnejši letalski as Sovjetskega vojnega letalstva vseh časov in tudi najuspešnejši zavezniški letalski as druge svetovne vojne. Zaradi svojih zaslug je bil tudi trikrat odlikovan z nazivom heroja Sovjetske zveze (4. februar 1944; 19. avgust 1944 in 18. avgust 1945).
Jugoslavija je na Svetovnem prvenstvu v hokeju na ledu 1989 C, ki je potekalo med 18. in 27. marcem 1989 v Avstraliji, s šestimi zmagami in porazom osvojila drugo mesto.
Osrednja znamenitost je Ibrahimova mošeja oziroma grobnica patriarhov. Po bibličnem izročilu je Abraham »pokopal svojo ženo Saro v votlini na polju Mahpéli nasproti Mamreju, to je Hebrónu, v kánaanski deželi« (1 Mojzes 23:19). Tam je poleg Sare pokopan tudi Abraham ter otroci Izak, Rebeka, Jakob in Lea. Nekateri viri navajajo, naj bi bila tam pokopana tudi Adam in Eva. Nad votlinami je Herod veliki zgradil pravokotno kamnito zgradbo brez strehe. V bizantinskem obdobju je bila povsod, razen nad sredino, postavljena streha, na jugozahodnem delu pa zgrajena bazilika. Leta 615 so Perzijci cerkev porušili. Muslimani so leta 637 objekt obnovili kot mošejo. Leta 1100 je bila v času Križarjev spremenjena v cerkev, Muslimanom pa prepovedan dostop. Ko je leta 1188 območje osvojil Saladin, je objekt spremenil v mošejo in dodal minaret. Kristjanom je bil dovoljen vstop za potrebe molitve. V poznem 14. stoletju so Mameluki objekt dogradili, Judom pa prepovedali vstop. Objektu so se lahko najprej približali le do 5. stopnice, kasneje pa še dve stopnici manj. Po šestdnevni vojni je območje zasedel Izrael in omejitve vstopa v mošejo so bile odpravljene.
Ludovico se je vrnil z vojsko plačancev in februarja 1500 ponovno zavzel Milano. Dva meseca kasneje je Ludvik XII. oblegal mesto Novara, kjer je imel Ludovico svojo bazo. Vojske na obeh straneh sta vključevale švicarske plačance. Švicarji se niso želeli boriti med seboj in so se odločili zapusti Novaro. Ludovica so predali Francozom aprila 1500. Zadnja leta je tako preživel v podzemni ječi na Loches, kjer je 17. maja 1508 umrl. Boj Ludovica z Ludvikom je na kratko omenjen v poglavju 3 Machiavellijevega Princa. Švicarji so kasneje ubili vojaka iz Urija, ki se je imenoval Hans Turmann, saj so trdili, da je izdal svojega delodajalca za denar.
Nadrejen je činu poročnika bojne ladje in podrejen činu kapitana korvete. V sklopu Natovega STANAG 2116 spada v razred OF-2, medtem ko v zveznem plačilnem sistemu sodi v razred A13.
Razen razvoja plesni je zelo malo znanih podatkov o neželenih učinkih in toksičnosti kombučinega čaja. Večinoma se pojavljajo v osamljenih primerih. Obstaja možnost poškodbe jeter, pri ljudeh, ki čaj uživajo vsak dan. Kislost pijače lahko vpliva na proizvajanje želodčne kisline ali spreminjanje mikroflore v prebavnem traktu. V primeru, ko ljudje s pitjem čaja pretiravajo se v nekaterih primerih razvije akutna metabolična acidoza oziroma laktacidoza, ki se kaže kot znižanje pH vrednosti telesnih tkiv in krvi. Omenjeni zaplet se verjetno pojavi tudi pri osebah, ki so imele tovrstne težave že prej. Čaj naj bi bil povezan tudi z miozitisom, vnetjem mišic, ki se lahko pojavi pri okužbi ali sočasni uporabi zdravil za zniževanje lipidov v krvi. Pojavile naj bi se tudi nekatere alergijske reakcije. Osebe z zdravo presnovo in imunskim sistemom lahko uporabljajo kulture kombuče, medtem, ko je pri osebah z imunosupresijo potreben zdravniški nadzor pri uporabi le te. Na tržišču se pojavljajo izdelki (kapsule in čajne vrečke), ki naj bi vsebovali suho obliko kombuče, vendar ni potrebnih zagotovil o koristnosti.
Ker so prisotne različne vrste mikroorganizmov, ki imajo tudi različne metabolne poti, različne koncentracije sladkorja in različna časovna obdobja fermentacije, se sestava napitka razlikuje. Običajno so prisotni različni:
Leta 2015 se je vokalist ansambla Jože Mikec preizkusil kot voditelj na 24. festivalu narodnozabavne glasbe Vurberk. Ansambel Novi spomini je nastopil v revialnem delu festivala.
Čas ali svoboda je deveti album skupine Hiša. Album vsebuje skladbe, ki so bile posnete na koncertih skupine Hiša, v Križankah, Cankarjevem domu, v Ljubljani, in v Domu svobode v Trbovljah.
3. marca 2011, ob začetku turneje Aphrodite World Tour v Združenih državah Amerike, so izdali digitalni EP. Poleg treh pesmi, ki jih je Kylie Minogue zapela na radiu BBC, v oddaji Live Lounge, so na njem izdali tudi dve pesmi, s katerima je nastopila na koncertu v dvorani Hammerstein: »Confide in Me« in »Better Than Today«, a slednja ni bila vključena na DVD Kylie: Live in New York.
Kylie Minogue je v kasnejših intervjujih o turneji povedala: »To je bila mikroturneja, a moram reči, da se mi je zdela zelo pomembna [...] Bila je misija iz srca... Bilo je kot... Kot da bi mojo denarnico zažgali, saj nisem imela od turneje popolnoma nobene finančne koristi, a z njo sem dosegla točko, ko sem lahko rekla: 'To je to! To sem si želela!' Zelo me je nagradila. Če pogledam nazaj in v svoje srce, sem zelo zadovoljna.«
Kolutna zavora ali disk zavora je naprava za zaviranje vrtenja kolesa. Jeklen ali redkeje keramičen zavorni disk je pritrjen na vrteče se kolo ali os. Za ustavljanje kolesa uporabljamo zavorne ploščice (nameščene v zavornih čeljustih), ki jih stisnemo ob disk. Trenje med zavorno ploščico in diskom ustavi kolo. Zavorne ploščice lahko stiskamo mehansko, hidravlično (najpogosteje na avtomobilih in motornih kolesih, vse pogosteje tudi na kolesih) ali pnevmatsko (pogosto tovorna vozila)
Instrukcijo za vse univerzitetne in licejske knjižnice (Instruktion vorgeschrieben für alle Universitäts - und Lycealbibliotheken) je predpisoval dekret dvorne študijske komisije štev. 628 z dne 30. aprila 1778. Instrukcija je predvidevala: sistematično sortiranje knjig v knjižnične oddelke; upoštevanje časovnega zaporedja ter upoštevanje formata knjič pri sortiranju; označevanje omar z rimskimi številkami, polic z latiničino črko, knjig pa z arabsko številko, ki je določevala mesto knjige na polici; izdelavo osnovnega kataloga, na katerem so poleg naslova in imena avtorja knjige napisani še kraj, leto, format naklade, vezava in njeno mesto v knjižnici; abecedni, sistematični in stvarni katalog; odprtost knjižnice ter svobodno in neomejeno uporabo knjig idr.
nemška kurtina je majhna stena severno od bastijona svetega Salvadorja. Znotraj so izkopali zaklonišča in jih včasih imenujejo kar bastijon;
Dogajanje v seriji se vrti okrog skupine sodelavcev, ki so zaposleni v Torchwoodu 3, valižanski podružnici inštituta Torchwood. Med drugim se najbolj posvečajo prostorsko-časovni razpoki, ki poteka skozi Cardiff, in vsemu, kar se skozi to razpoko izmuzne na naš svet. Skupino petih operativcev vodi stotnik Jack Harkness (igra ga John Barrowman), novinko tima predstavlja Gwen Cooper (Eve Myles), medicinskega strokovnjaka dr. Owen Harper (Burn Gorman), računalniško genijalko Toshiko Sato (Naoko Mori) ter vsestransko podporo Ianto Jones (Gareth David-Lloyd). Poleg članov tima se v seriji večkrat pojavi tudi Rhys Williams (Kai Owen), Gwenin fant in pozneje mož, ter policist Andy Davidson (Tom Price), Gwenin bivši sodelavec pri policiji.
30. december - v enem najbolj krvavih napadov islamistov med alžirsko državljansko vojno je ubitih več sto ljudi v štirih vaseh na severu Alžirije.
Sigg je v švicarskem četvercu s krmarjem na Poletnih olimpijskih igrah 1924 v Parizu osvojil zlato medaljo, v četvercu brez krmarja pa je na istih igrah osvojil bronasto medaljo.
Muca Maca Predstavlja mlado damo, ki ji ni do dela, najraje uživa v brezdelju in svoji nedosegljivi lepoti. V njenem literarnem liku lahko najdemo tipizirane človeške lastnosti, ki so predstavljene na duhovit in zabaven način. Muca se svojih snubcev ne otepa, je očarljiva in prijazna, a njeno srce pripada glavnemu junaku Muriju.
Po zmagi je red prejel finančno pomoč iz Evrope, ki je bila uporabljena za gradnjo novega glavnega mesto na polotoku Sciberras. Papež je poslal italijanskega inženirja Francesca Laparellija, da bi oblikoval mestne utrdbe po zgledu italijanskega sistema bastijonov. Najprej je Laparelli oblikoval obzidje z bastijoni, devetimi kavalirji in jarek. Mesto je bilo zasnovano v tlorisu mreže s pomorskim arzenalom in mandračem (manderaggio) – manjše pristanišče za manjše ladje.
Edvard Ravnikar je bil med mladimi arhitekti, ki so po II. svetovni vojni tudi s pomočjo političnih povezav, prevzeli vodenje šole za arhitekturo v Ljubljani. Katolicizmu in klasični arhitekturi predani Plečnik je zaradi svojega političnega prepričanja in starosti po vzpostavitvi komunistične oblasti v Jugoslaviji na univerzi ostal ob robu in v senci učencev. Plečnikovo neomajno vztrajanje pri tradicionalnem poučevanju arhitekture je že v letih med 1920 in 1930 vzbudilo odpor pri nekaterih njegovih študentih, ki so jih zanimala sodobnejša gibanja v arhitekturi. Kar sedem jih je odšlo delat k Le Corbusierju v Pariz, med njimi tudi Edvard Ravnikar. Ta je odlične risarje in marljive sodelavce z veseljem sprejel. Z znanjem in izkušnjami, ki jih je nabral pri Le Corbusierju, je Ravnikar na prehodu iz 1940-ih v 1950-a razvoj slovenske arhitekture, skupaj z nekaterimi drugimi ustvarjalci, uspel odvrniti stran od ideologije socialističnega realizma. Arhitekturna šola se je oprla na sodobne arhitekturne tokove v zahodni Evropi ter kritično razpravo, ki je potekala znotraj CIAM.
Vidi se, da je funkcija ψ vrednost minimalnega integrala A kot funkcije zgornje mejne točke. To pomeni, da kadar se konstruira družina minimalnih krivulj, za optične dolžine velja karakteristična enačba, ki odgovarja valovni enačbi. Zato je reševanje ustrezne parcialne difrencialne enačbe 1. reda enakovredno iskanju družine rešitev variacijskega problema. To je bistvena vsebina teorije Hamilton-Jacobijevih enačb, ki obravnava splošneješe variacijske probleme.
To naselje je, glede na rezultate popisa iz leta 2002, večinoma srbsko, a v času zadnjih treh popisov je opazno zmanjšanje števila prebivalcev.
V dvorcu je bil rojen francoski kralj Ludvik XIV. (v mestnem grbu se posledično nahaja zibelka in datum rojstva), ki si ga je kasneje, v letih 1661 do 1681 izbral za glavno rezidenco. Leta 1688 je Ludvik predal dvorec angleškemu kralju Jakobu II. po njegovem izgonu iz Anglije (slavna revolucija); slednji je pokopan v cerkvi sv. Germaina.
Mesto je bilo nekoč kraljeva prestolnica svetopisemske dežele Kanaan in kasneje eden izmed upravnih centrov Kraljevine Jude. V 7. stoletju je bil ustanovljen Rašidunski kalifat. V 11. stoletju so mesto osvojili krščanski Križarski vitezi. Tuški Kurd Saladin je mesto osvojil v 12 stoletju. V stoletjih, ki so sledila, so mestu vladali Mameluki in Otomani. Po izgonu Judov iz Španije leta 1492 je Hebron postal tudi središče judovskih povratnikov v Izrael. Od leta 1516 do konca 19. stoletja je sodilo pod Osmansko cesarstvo. Leta 1917 so ga zavzeli Britanci in mesto je bilo dodeljeno pod upravo Velike Britanije.
Spomladi 2016 je Lucas tekmoval v 3. sezoni oddaje Znan obraz ima svoj glas. Tedenski zmagi sta mu prinesli imitaciji Anastacie in Tine Turner. V prvih 11 oddajah je zbral 4. največje število točk in se tako uvrstil v finale.
Jeanne Antoinette Poisson, markiza de Pompadour, znana tudi kot Madame Pompadour (francoska izgovarjava [madám pɔ̃.pa.duːʁ])) francoska plemkinja, * 29. december 1721, Pariz, † 15. april 1764,Versailles.
Iz pomorske karte je razvidno, da svetilnik, ki sroji na skrajni vzhodni točki otoka oddaja svetlobni signal: R Bl 3s. Nazivni domet svetilnija je 6 milj.
Leta 2009 so skupaj z Ansamblom Modrijani posneli skladbo Nekaj vsem nam je enako. Pesem se nahaja na 10. albumu Modrijanov z naslovom Modrijani z gosti.
Spomin na Ludovica je za stoletja zameglil po obtožbi Niccolòja Machiavellija, da je "povabil" Karla VIII. da napade Italijo, kar je utrlo pot za nadaljnjo tujo nadvlado. Naboj so ohranjali tudi poznejši zgodovinarji, ki so predajali ideal nacionalne neodvisnosti. Novejši zgodovinarji pa obujajo sliko Ludovica v okolju renesanse in ponovno preverjajo njegove odlike kot vladarja in dajejo bolj pravično oceno njegovega uspeha.
Kombuča je oblika simbioze ocetno kislinskih bakterij in ene ali več kvasovk v celulozni membrani. Podobna je kisovi matici, plava na vrhu tekočine in zavzema obliko posode v kateri se nahaja, izgleda kot sivkasto bela palačinka, na otip je usnjasta in neelastična, debelina je odvisna od tega kako dolgo se razvija in kako kisla je čajna vsebina., Ko je zrelejša spremeni barvo v rjav odtenek in na to pa vplivajo tudi hranila iz čaja.
Price, Nigel (ed.). "Mosquito: A Celebration of de Havilland's 'Wooden Wonder'." FlyPast Special. Stamford, Lincolnshire, UK: Key Publishing Ltd., 2009.
Boke mesta so dodatno zaščitili v 17. in 18. stoletju z gradnjo linij svete Margarete, Cottonere in utrdbe Ricasoli na strani pristanišča ter Manoelove utrdbe in utrdbe Tigne na strani Marsamxetta. Nadaljnji predlogi, tudi gradnja utrdb na Corradinu in v Ta 'Xbiexu, niso bili nikoli uresničeni.
To naselje je popolnoma srbsko (glede na rezultate popisa iz leta 2002), a v času zadnjih treh popisov je opazno zmanjšanje števila prebivalcev.
Janez XXIII. je prenehal napadati koncil in je odstopil šele, ko so ga po begu ujeli in obdolžili za celo vrsto prestopkov. Gregor XII. se je po zastopniku sam odpovedal papeštvu, ko so mu dovolili, da koncil ponovno skliče, saj dotlej cerkvenopravno ni bil veljaven, ker ga je sklical protipapež. Trmastega Benedikta XIII. pa je koncil odstavil, ko so ga njegovi zagovorniki pustili na cedilu.
V februarju 1989 je pisal tako predsedniku Portugalske, papežu in Generalnem sekretarju OZN ter zahteval, da Združeni narodi poskrbijo za referendum, ki bo poskrbel za mednarodno pomoč in prihodnost prebivalcev, "ki umirajo kot ljudje in narod". Pisma so že aprila postala javna, on pa tarča delovanja Indonezijcev. Njegovo delovanje je postalo še bolj sporno za oblast, ko je pod svojo zaščito in v zatočišče spravil preživele iz pokola Santa Cruz leta 1991 in bil eden prvih, ki je poskrbel, da je javnost zvedela za smrt preko 250 žrtev ob okupaciji.
Didima (starogrško Δίδυμα) je bilo starogrško svetišče na obali Jonije, danes v Turčiji. Imelo je tempelj in Apolonovo preročišče Didimajon. V grščini didima pomeni "dvojček", vendar so Grki, ki so iskali "dvojčka" v Didimi, prezrli karijski izvor imena. Ob Delfih je bila Didima najbolj znano preročišče v helenskem svetu, prvič omenjeno med Grki v homerski hvalnici Apolonu. Ustanovljeno je bilo pred zapisom in celo pred helensko kolonizacijo Jonije. Mitični rodovnik o izvoru duhovnikov Branhidi kaže izvor Didime kot helenske tradicije, datirane v helenistično obdobje.
Živi v Indijskem oceanu, Pacifiku in Rdečem morju. Lahko so rumeni, oranžni, rdeči, zeleni, vijolični,modri in črnkasti. Večina ima bele proge. Največji lahko merijo 18cm najmanjši pa 10cm, starost pa lahko večji dosežejo do 7 let, manjši pa do 3 leta. Hranijo se predvsem z majhnimi vretenčarji, ki bi lahko škodovali veternicam, drugače pa so vsejedci. Živijo v manjših skupinah. Ena skupina naseli eno veternico. Ko samica umre, samec spremeni spol in postane samica.
Naziv je bil ustvarjen leta 1669 za škotskega vojaka in politika Williama Conchrana, ki je prejel še naziv Lord Cochrane of Paisley and Ochiltree; že leta 1647 pa je prejel naziv Lord Cochrane of Dundonald (škotskega plemstva). Naziv se deduje po moških potomcih.
--. Ozemlje Slovenije v zgodnjem srednjem veku : osnovne poteze zgodovinskega razvoja od začetka 6. stoletja do konca 9. stoletja, Ljubljana, 2001;
Budimsko trdnjavo in palačo je zgradil kralj Béla IV. leta 1247. Postali sta jedro, okrog katerega se je začelo graditi mesto Budim. Njegov pomen je hitro rasel in leta 1361 je postal prestolnica Ogrskega kraljestva.
Mirna ima panonski tip dežno-snežnega režima z rahlo prevlado jesenskega viška (december, november) nad spomladanskim (marec, april); prvi je posledica zmanjšanega izhlapevanja in obilnejših jesenskih padavin, spomladanski pa nastane zaradi taljenja snega. Značilno panonski je izrazit poletni nižek (avgust, julij) kot posledica višjih temperatur in večje evapotranspiracije. Ob dolgotrajnejših sušah ima lahko Mirna v vseh letnih časih zelo malo vode (ok. 0,5 m3/s), ob močnih poletnih nalivih pa se lahko njen pretok močno poveča, čeprav reka ni izrazit hudournik. V opazovalnem obdobju 1971–2000 so najvišji pretok izmerili 10.8.1984, in sicer 76,7 m3/s. Zaradi razmeroma blagega reliefa, debele prepereline in majhnega strmca ima majhen specifični odtok (17,3 l/s/km2) in tudi nekoliko manjši odtočni količnik kot vodotoki v bolj razčlenjenem predalpskem hribovju (40,5 %). Izračunani specifični odtok je verjetno nekoliko manjši tudi zato, ker po mnenju nekaterih del padavinske vode iz zgornjih delov porečja odteka podzemno v sosednjo Sopoto.
Bil je piranski občinski svetnik v letih 1998-2002, leta 2004 pa je na listi Slovenske ljudske stranke kandidiral za poslanca, a se mu kljub pogostemu pojavljanju v medijih ni uspelo uvrstiti v Državni zbor RS.
Pred dograditvijo Južne železnice so vsi premogovniki na območju Zasavja imeli težave s transportom premoga. Maurerjevi so postavili steklarno, kopanje premoga pa opustili. Po dograditvi železnice so se razmere za prodajo premoga bistveno izboljšale, saj je bila prav železnica velik porabnik premoga. Leta 1873 je Trboveljska premogokopna družba steklarno opustila in jo preuredila v delavska stanovanja.
Grški in rimski avtorji so se sklicevali na ime Didima, ki naj bi pomenila dvojčka templja, a tu ga ni, ali tempelj dvojčkov Apolona in Artemide, katerih kultni center v Didimi je bil šele ustanovljen. Prav tako, kot je predlagal Wilamowitz [6], je lahko bila povezava s Kibelo Dindimen ("Kibela gore Dindimon"). Izkopavanja nemških arheologov so odkrila pomembno svetišče, posvečeno Artemidi, z obredom, osredotočenim na vodo.
Za določitev Hausdorff-Bezikovičeve razsežnosti prostora X najprej preučimo N(r), število krogel s polmerom največ r, ki jih potrebujemo, da v celoti pokrijemo X. Če se r zmanjšuje, se N(r) povečuje. Zelo grobo rečeno, če N(r) narašča na isti način kot 1/rd, medtem ko se r približuje 0, rečemo, da ima X razsežnost d. Stroga določitev Hausdorff-Bezikovičeve razsežnosti gre do neke mere po ovinkih, saj najprej določi celotno družino pokrivalnih mer za X. Izkaže se, da Hausdorff-Bezikovičeva razsežnost izboljša zamisel topološke razsežnosti in zajame tudi druge lastnosti prostora kot sta površina ali prostornina.
Macintosh je bil "namignjen" dva dni pred uradno predstavitvijo, 24. 1. 1984, na dan Super Bowla (prvenstvo ameriškega nogometa in eden najbolj gledanih televizijskih prenosov leta) z reklamo "1984", ki jo je režiral Ridley Scott in je bila posneta po noveli Nineteen Eighty-Four.
Polkovna narodnostna sestava leta 1914 je bila sledeča: 85% Slovakov in 15% drugih. Naborni okraj polka je bil v Trencinu, pri čemer so bile polkovne enote garnizirane sledeče: Trencin (štab, II. in III. bataljon), Nagyszombat (I. bataljon) in Preßburg (IV. bataljon).
Ime Slađana je prišlo k nam s priseljenci iz nekdanjih jugoslovanskih republik in jih imajo tudi njihovi potomci. Ime je tvorjeno iz glagola slad-iti s sufiksom -jana. Imenu Slađana bi pomensko ustrezalo špansko ime Dulcineja (tj. »sladka«).
Toshiko Sato, ki jo igra japonska igralka Naoko Mori, je v Torchwoodu 3 računalniška strokovnjakinja. Po naravi je tiha, profesionalna, o sebi ne pove veliko, ves čas pa goji ljubezenska čustva do kolege dr. Owena Harperja. V inštitut je prišla po tem, ko jo je zasegla podobna organizacija pod imenom UNIT. Toshiko, ali na kratko Tosh, jim je namreč ukradla načrte za napravo, s čimer bi lahko osvobodila svojo zaprto mati. V finalni epizodi druge sezone jo ubije Jackov brat Gray.
8. kosovsko-metohijska brigada je bila brigada v sestavi Narodnoosvobodilne vojske in partizanskih odredov Jugoslavije in ki je delovala med drugo svetovno vojno na področju Kraljevine Jugoslavije.
angleška kurtina je dolga stena v bližini nasproti Bavarske hiše. Ima judovsko pristanišče Sally in številna zavetišča pred letalskimi napadi. Rekonstruiran vogalni stolpič je med angleško in francosko kurtino;
Odraščal je v mestu Buffalo v zvezni državi New York, vendar se je družina leta 1908 preselila nazaj v Minnesoto. Obiskoval je več šol, večinoma katoliških, saj sta bila oba starša katolika. V tem času se je tudi prvič navdušil nad literaturo in pisanjem. Po končani srednješolski izobrazbi, je Fitzgerald šolanje nadaljeval na prestižni Univerzi Princeton. Leta 1917 se je izpisal iz univerze, da bi se pridružil vojski. Dodelili so mu vojaško pozicijo v Montgomeryju v Alabami, kjer je spoznal Zeldo Sayre, hči vrhovnega sodnika, in se vanjo zaljubil. Fitzgerald in Zelda sta se zaročila, vendar je Zelda zaroko razdrla. Fitzgerald je začel piti, se vrnil k staršem in začel pisati roman Tostran raja, ki je čez noč postal velika uspešnica. Z Zeldo sta se kljub vsemu pozneje poročila. Fitzgerald je prijateljeval z mnogimi znanimi pisatelji svojega časa: Jamesom Joyceom, Ernestom Hemingwayjem in T. S. Eliotom.
Sprva je služil v francoski vojski, nato pa je vstopil v avstrijski vojsko in se leta 1688 boril proti Turkom. Nato se je udeležil tudi španske nasledstvene vojne; za zasluge je bil povišan v Generalfeldwachtmeistra. Po letu 1713 je postal guverner Freiburga, kjer je pričel z zgradnjo trdnjave. Nato je bil poklican nazaj na dunaj, kjer ga je Karl VI. Avstrijski imenoval za inšpektorja inženirstva. Na tem mestu se je posvetil gradnji in vzdrževanju fortifikacij, ki so bile potrebne za boj proti Turkom.
Fant Jakob se je hodil ženit v sosednjo vas imenovano Draščiče. Mladina iz te vasi je bila nanj zelo ljubosumna, saj je bila Jakobova ljubica zelo lepa in iz premožne družine. Neko noč so se fantje zmenili, da Jakoba prestrašijo.
Nekaj mescev po začetku francoske zasedbe so se Maltežani uprli Francozom in blokirali pristanišče s pomočjo Britancev, Neapeljčanov in Portugalcev. Francozom je uspelo, da so v Valletti ostali do septembra 1800, ko se je general Vaubois predal Britancem, ki so prevzeli nadzor nad otoki.
Krížev pót (latinsko Via crucis) je likovna upodobitev Jezusovega trpljenja od trenutka, ko ga je Poncij Pilat obsodil na smrt, do trenutka, ko ga mrtvega položijo v grob. Križev pot je poleg tega tudi molitev, ki jo verniki molijo, ko se spominjajo tega trpljenja. Križev pot poznajo Rimskokatoliška cerkev, Evangeličanska cerkev in še nekatere druge protestantske Cerkve.
Približno 600 metrov jugozahodno so zgornji vrtovi z razgledno teraso nad večjim delom mesta. V njih so številne spominske plošče, posvečene med drugim madžarski revoluciji leta 1956, praški pomladi, Garibaldiju in 50. obletnici Evropske unije.
Drugo sezono so snemali med aprilom in novembrom 2007, premiero pa je doživela 16 januarja 2008. Zaradi zahtev publike, predvsem pa mlajših generacij, so vsako epizodo ponovili naslednji dan po premiernem prevajanju, le da v prirejeni obliki za mlajše gledalce in v zgodnejšem terminu. Prvih pet epizod so predvajali na BBC Two in BBC HD, od šeste do predzadnje epizode sezone pa se je serija preselila na BBC Three (s ponovitvami teden dni kasneje na BBC Two in BBC HD). Zadnja epizoda druge sezone je premiero ponovno doživela na BBC Two in BBC HD.
Leta 1931 sta odšla na Washingtonovo univerzo v St. Louisu, od koder je Carl nepričakovano dobil ponudbo za mesto predavatelja in vodje oddelka za farmakologijo kot Gasserjev naslednik. Kljub temu, da sta opravljala enakovredno delo, je imela ona bistveno nižji položaj asistentke in temu primerno nižjo plačo. Raziskave sta nadaljevala na izoliranih tkivih in odkrila produkt razgradnje glikogena, glukozo-1-fosfat (znan tudi kot »Corijev ester«) ter encim, ki katalizira njegovo sintezo - fosforilazo. Dokazala sta, da je produkt obrnjene reakcije glikogen, s čemer sta postala prva, ki jima je uspelo sintetizirati biološko makromolekulo in vitro, vendar je kasneje postalo jasno, da je samo stranski produkt, saj je lahko pretvorba med glukozo in mlečno kislino neposredna. Poleg tega sta se v tem času ukvarjala tudi z izolacijo fosforilaze s kristaliziranjem in preučevanjem njenih kemičnih lastnosti. Leta 1936 se jima je rodil sin Thomas. V 1940. letih sta raziskovala regulacijo presnove glukoze z insulinom, adrenalinom in drugimi hormoni, vendar jima mehanizma delovanja insulina ni uspelo razkriti. Gerty je šele leta 1943 zaradi pomanjkanja predavateljev, ki so odšli na fronto, dobila položaj predavateljice in do leta 1947 napredovala do naziva redne profesorice.
Herder je poudaril, da njegov koncept naroda vzpodbuja demokracijo in svobodno samoizražanje človekove identitete. Oznanil je podporo za francosko revolucijo, kar mu je prineslo slab glas pri plemstvu. Razlikoval se je od Kantove filozofije tako, da ni umestil razmišljanja v kontekst jezika. Menil je, da razum ne more biti kritiziran, saj ne obstaja z izjemo procesa razmišljanja. Ta proces je odvisen od jezika.
Ozrem (izvirno srbsko Озрем) je naselje v Srbiji, ki upravno spada pod Občino Gornji Milanovac; slednja pa je del Moraviškega upravnega okraja.
| border="1" cellpadding="5" cellspacing="0" align="center" |+Pregled karakteristik |- ! style="background:#ffdead;" | Kategorije ! style="background:#ffdead;" | Podatki |- | Teža (t):
Po izraelsko - palestinskih sporazumih je mesto razdeljeno v sektorja H1 in H2. Prvega, s približno 120 000 Palestincev nadzoruje Palestinska uprava, drugega, kjer živi 30 000 Palestincev in približno 300 - 400 izraelskih naseljencev pa Izrael.
Je prava jamska žival (troglobiont) - odvisen je od stalne temperature in vlažnosti v jamah, zato zunaj jamskega okolja ne more preživeti. Razširjen je na krasu od Trnovskega gozda do tržaškega krasa v Italiji, največ v jamah v okolici Grosuplja in na Kočevskem. Živi večinoma v velikih jamah, kjer temperatura ne presega 12 °C.
Vitez velikega križa Kraljevega viktorijanskega reda (GCVO) - junij 1905 - ob priložnosti obiska Združenega kraljestva ob poroki njegovega brata princa Gustava Adolfa Švedskega s princeso Margareto Connaughtsko
Slavinšček je eden od izvirov reke Pivke in istoimenski potok. V Pivko se izliva kot levi pritok v bližini naselja Slavina. Njegov hudourniški pritok je Veliki potok.
V naselju živi 55 polnoletnih prebivalcev, pri čemer je njihova povprečna starost 60,6 let (56,1 pri moških in 63,3 pri ženskah). Naselje ima 31 gospodinjstev, pri čemer je povprečno število članov na gospodinjstvo 2,00.
sladkorji (glukoza,fruktoza, saharoza), organske kisline (ocetna, glukonska, citronska, mlečna, butirna, maleinska in oksalna kislina), etanol, encimi, vitamini B kompleksa, aminokisline, glicerol in polifenoli.
Je prvi izmed Nemcev, ki je bil zaskrbljen s to harmonijo. Kot mislec je bil preveč prodoren, da ne bi razumel in se bal ekstremov, kateri bi lahko nastali zaradi njegove teorije, zato je izdal posebna opozorila. Trdil je, da morajo Judje v Nemčiji imeti vse pravice in obveznosti Nemcev in da vsi, ki niso Judje, dolgujejo Judom dolgove za stoletja zlorabe. Ta dolg je lahko poplačan samo tako, da Judje dobijo politično samostojnost v njihovi starodavni domovini Izrael. Prav tako je zavrnil oprijemanje toge rasne teorije.
Od leta 1967 naprej je sodeloval tudi v mednarodnih produkcijah in nastopil v avstrijski seriji Leni, nemških filmih o Vinetuju ter francosko-nemški seriji Omar Paša.
Nekaj nastopov s pesmimi so dodali tudi na dodatku albuma Aphrodite. Vključeval je nastope s pesmimi »White Diamond«, »Confide in Me« in »I Believe in You«.
V svoji avtobiografiji je Lennart povedal kako je njegov dedek kralj vztrajal, da služabniki Marijo nazivajo pravilno z nazivom vaša cesarska in kraljevska visokost, na grozo svojega moža, ki je bil zgolj kraljevska visokost. Zakon je bil nesrečen. Marija je kasneje povedala ljudem, da je bil njen mož homoseksualen, čeprav ni znano, če je bilo to res. Par se je ločil leta 1914.
Google je ameriško podjetje, ustanovljeno leta 1998, njegova najbolj znana izdelka sta istoimenski spletni iskalnik Google in spletni brskalnik Google Chrome. Poleg tega pa razvija tudi druge storitve in izdelke, kot so Google Sites, Google Analitics, Google Maps, Gmail, Google Talk, spletni prevajalnik Google Translate, Google AdWords in YouTube.
Po ukinitvi liceja leta 1850 se je knjižnica preimenovala v Študijsko knjižnico, po koncu prve svetovne vojne pa so jo 1919 preimenovali v Državno študijsko knjižnico in je tako postala osrednja knjižnica Slovenije s pravico do prejemanja obveznega izvoda tiskov s tega območja. Leta 1907 se knjižnica preseli v nove prostore na Poljanski cesti. Univerza knjižnico prevzame 5. julija 1938, fonde pa v Plečnikovo palačo preselijo leta 1941. Po koncu 2. svetovne vojne in osvoboditvi leta 1945 je bil univerzitetni knjižnici priznan tudi pravni status slovenske nacionalne knjižnice in njen naziv spremenjen v Narodno in univerzitetno knjižnico (NUK) v Ljubljani.
This thesis is prominent in This Too a Philosophy of History for the Formation of Humanity (1774) and Ideas on the Philosophy of the History of Mankind (1784–91).
Friedrich Lotter, Rajko Bratož in Helmut Castritius, Premiki ljudstev na območju Vzhodnih Alp in Srednjega Podonavja med antiko in srednjim vekom (375-600), prev. Amalija Maček Mergole in Anja Naglič. Ljubljana, 2005; (COBISS)
Črna gora je sicer priznavala turško oblast, vendar so si črnogorska plemena nenehno prizadevala, da bi se otresla turške oblasti. Boj proti Turkom je bila tudi edina skupna stalnica, ker so bila sicer plemena, med katerimi so bili največji Vasojevići, pogosto sprta, pazila so na svojo plemensko samostojnost, držala so se svojih starih plemenskih običajev, med katerimi je bila še zelo živa t. i. krvna osveta. V boju s Turki so se Črnogorci povezovali z Benečani in tudi z Avstrijci. Že koncem 17. stoletja je cetinjska metropolija postala nasledstvena vladarska rodbina družina Petrović Njegoš. Pod cetinjsko škofijo so zdaj spadali tudi pravoslavni verniki v Boki Kotorski. Na pritisk Benečanov je bil uveden položaj guvernadurja, ki je bil druga osebnost v Črni gori in je dejansko ščitil predvsem trgovske interese Benečanov. Prve poskuse centralne oblasti je uvedel Šćepan Mali, imenovan Lažni car, ki je z ostrimi kaznimi omejil krvno osveto in nekoliko pomiril medplemenske spore. Leta 1771 je uvedel prvo stalno sodišče, sestavljeno iz 12 plemenskih poglavarjev, osnoval je prvo stalno telesno stražo, poskušal izpeljati prvi popis prebivalstva ter gradil prve ceste. Leta 1773 je bil žrtev atentata.
Večkrat se je strokovno izpopolnjeval in nastopal na znanstvenih srečanjih v tujini. V letih 1988 (Göttingen) in 1991 (Prien am Chiemsee) se je udeležil tečajev nemščine v Goethe-Institutu. V študijskem letu 1991—92 se je kot Humboldtov štipendist izpopolnjeval pri indoevropeistu prof. dr. Gertu Klingenschmittu na Univerzi v Regensburgu, kjer se je osredinil na razvoj baltoslovanskih jezikov predvsem z akcentološkega vidika. Od takrat je napisal več akcentoloških razprav, objavljenih v slovenskih in v tujih revijah, ki obravnavajo vprašanja slovanske akcentologije v sodobni laringalistični luči in ob upoštevanju novih spoznanj o naravi indoevropskih akcentsko-prevojnih paradigem. V letu 1994 je kot Humboldtov štipendist raziskoval tvorbo in akcentuacijo praslovanskih nominalnih osnov ženskega spola, ki se v imenovalniku ednine končujejo na dolgi -i. Med drugim je nastopal tudi na strokovnih srečanjih v Avstriji, Belorusiji, Črni gori, Hrvaški, Kanadi, Srbiji, na Kosovu in v ZDA.
Gwen Cooper, ki jo igra valižanska igralka Eve Myles, je začela delati pri Torchwoodu 3 leta 2007, v premierni epizodi serije z naslovom "Everything Changes". Pred tem je bila policistka, do druge sezone serije pa se že povzpne na delovno mesto takoj za vodjo. Gwen in njen fant Rhys se sčasoma poročita, tako da Gwen prevzame priimek Williams. Pred tem smo bili priča tudi ljubezenski aferi, ki jo je imela s sodelavcem dr. Owenom Harperjem. Vseskozi serijo je zaznati tudi nedoločeno in neizpovedano naklonjenost, ki jo goji do svojega nadrejenega, stotnika Jacka Harknessa.
Raskin je septembra 1979 dobil dovoljenje za najemanje ljudi za projekt. Iskal je tudi inženirja, ki bi lahko naredil prototip in tako ga je Bill Atkinson, član ekipe Lisa, predstavil Burrellu Smithu, servisnemu tehniku, ki je bil najet nedolgo nazaj.
Delo, ki ga opravi točkasto telo pri pospeševanju v infinitezimalnem časovnem intervalu dt, je dano kot skalarni produkt sile in premika prijemališča sile (poti):
Mestna avtobusna linija številka 24 Vevče - BTC-Atlantis je ena izmed 33 avtobusnih linij javnega mestnega prometa v Ljubljani. Poteka na jugovzhodnem obrobju prestolnice pod Golovcem in ima značaj povezovalne (prestopne) linije. Povezuje BTC, Kodeljevo, Spodnjo in Zgornjo Hrušico, Bizovik, Dobrunje, Sostro in Vevče. Z linije št. 24 je na vsej trasi mogoč prestop na številne avtobusne linije, ki vozijo v center in ostale mestne predele (št. 2, 5, N5, 9, 11, 11B, 12, 13, 20, 22, 25, 26, 27).
Dimitrij »Dositej« Obradović (srbsko Димитрије Обрадовић, pronounced [dɔsǐtɛːj ɔbrǎːdɔʋitɕ];srbski avtor, filozof, jezikoslovec, potovalec, poliglot in prvi srbski minister za izobraževanje, *17.februarja 1739–1742 (leto rojstva ni popolnoma gotovo), † 7. april 1811
Ta oblika napeljuje na misel, da če se lahko najde funkcija ψ, katere gradient je dan z P, potem je integral A dan z razliko ψ v mejnih točkah integracijskega intervala. Tako se lahko problem iskanja krivulj, za katere je integral stacionaren, poveže z iskanjem nivojskih ploskev ψ. Da se najde takšna funkcija, se pogleda valovna enačba, ki opiše gibanje svetlobe.
Gubeša leži med otokom Korčulo in jugovzhodnim delom otočka Zvirinovik, od katerega je oddaljen okoli 0,5 km. Njegova površina meri 0,012 km². Dolžina obalnega pasu je 0,39 km.
2002b. Tuji vplivi: substrati, adstrati, superstrati. V: Rzetelska-Feleszko, Ewa (ur.), Cieślikowa, Aleksandra (ur.). Słowiańska onomastika, Encyklopedia. Warszawa; Kraków: Towarzystwo Naukowe Warszawskie, t. 1, str. 210—213. (COBISS)
Novost 3. sezone je joker: vsak tekmovalec lahko enkrat povabi znanega prijatelja, da imitacijo izvede namesto njega. Jokerja so se poslužili tudi voditelj Denis Avdić, ko je dobil nalogo imitirati Peggy Lee, in žiranti, ko so dobili nalogo, da mora eden izmed njih imitirati Darjo Švajger.
Po zavzetju Mileta leta 334 pred našim štetjem je Aleksander Veliki obnovil preročišče, a postavil svojo upravo mesta, pristojen je bil duhovnik, ki je bil izvoljen vsako leto. Okoli 300 pred našim štetjem je Selevk I. Nikator prinesel bronast kultni kip nazaj in začeli so graditi nov tempelj, ki bi bil, če bi bil končan, največji v helenskem svetu. Vitruvij je zapisal, da sta bila arhitekta Pajonij iz Efeza, ki ga je imel Vitruvij za obnovitelja Artemidinega templja, in Dafnis iz Mileta. Peripteralni tempelj je bil obdan z dvojnimi jonskimi stebri. Skozi pronaos iz treh vrst po štiri stebre se je obiskovalec premikal med urejeno vrsto stebrov. Običajna vrata, ki vodijo do cele, so bila nadomeščena s prazno steno z veliko zgornjo odprtino, skozi katero je pogled segel v zgornji del naiska v notranjem dvorišču (aditon). Vstopna pot je bila določena z dvema dolgima zoženima poševnima prehodoma, zgrajenima iz debeline sten, ki sta vodila do notranjega dvorišča, še vedno odprtega v nebo, vendar izoliranega od sveta zaradi visokih sten cele: tam je bil starodavni izvir, naisk z majhnim templjem, ki je v svoji celi hranil bronasto kultno podobo boga, in nasad lovorja, posvečen Apolonu. Notranje stene cele so bile poudarjene s pilastri, ki so stali na podstavku višine človeka (1,94 m). Če se je obiskovalec obrnil, je videl monumentalno stopnišče, ki je vodilo do treh odprtin v prostoru, katerega streha je bila podprta z dvema stebroma na osrednji prečni osi. Preroški postopek, ki je tako dobro dokumentiran v Delfih, ni znan za Didimo in ga je treba rekonstruirati na podlagi gradnje templja, vendar se zdi, da je bilo precej značilnosti Delfov: svečenica in odgovori so bili povedani v klasičnih heksametrih. V Delfih ni bilo nič napisano; v Didimi so bile napisane poizvedbe in odgovori; majhna struktura hresmografiona je vidna, saj je bil skrbno razstavljen v krščanskem obdobju. Letni festival je potekal pod okriljem Mileta. To je bil vsehelenski festival v začetku 2. stoletja pred našim štetjem.
Matic in Blažka(COBISS) je socialno - psihološko mladinsko prozno delo avtorice Janja Vidmar. Knjiga je izšla v zbirki Navihanček pri založbi Karantanija, leta 2009. Knjigo je ilustrirala Katra Štrukelj. To je že šesta zgodba o Maticu.
Decembra 2009 je revija Billboard oznanila, da bo Kylie Minogue izdala posnetke svojega nastopa iz koncerta v dvorani Hammerstein. Vključeval je vse nastope, z izjemo nastopa s pesmijo »Better Than Today«, ki so jo posneli za njen takrat še neizdani album. Album je izšel samo v digitalnem formatu, od 14. decembra 2009 pa je bil na voljo v vseh digitalnih trgovinah po svetu.
Ena takih je deloma ohranjena kot tehniška dediščina v naselju Sava ob reki Savi v bližini Jesenic, upodobil jo je že Valvasor leta 1689 v Slavi vojvodine Kranjske, poleg je še zapisal: »Zaradi dobrih kovin,zlasti železa in jekla,je Kranjska od pradavnih časov znamenita,posebna hvala gre noriškemu železu«. Fužinski plavž na Savi so ugasnili leta 1897, opuščene fužinske stavbe pa je načel zob časa. Leta 1950 je bil na Jesenicah ustanovljen tehniški muzej, v katerem so začeli zbirati muzejsko gradivo in drugo dokumentacijo o železarstvu in tako tudi o fužini Stara Sava. Od fužine je ohranjenih nekaj osrednjih objektov:
Medeni car je trgovina s sladkarijami, v kateri je mogoče najti najrazličnejše čarovniške sladice od poprovih metk, sladkornih peres, Bobkov vseh okusov,... Skriti prehod vodi od shrambe do Bradavičarke vendar ga poznajo le redki.
V naselju živi 692 polnoletnih prebivalcev, pri čemer je njihova povprečna starost 40,7 let (39,7 pri moških in 41,7 pri ženskah). Naselje ima 308 gospodinjstev, pri čemer je povprečno število članov na gospodinjstvo 2,84.
"I Am Warplane: How the first autonomous strike plane will land on aircraft carriers, navigate hostile airspace and change the future of flight". Popular Science. 5 July 2012.
Heru-pa-khered (Harpocrates) je bil upodobljen kot goli deček, ki sesa svoj prst. V templjih je bil Heru-pa-khered upodobljen stoječ na hrbtu krokodila, medtem ko v stegnjenih rokah drži kačo. Stele na katerih je bil upodobljen, so svečeniki potopljali v vodo, ki se je nato uporabljala za potrebe blagoslovljenja in ozdravljenja.
Kolikor nam je znano, v tem Vesolju ni atomov, sestavljenih iz antimaterije. Umetno jih proizvedejo v pospeševalnikih, obstajajo le v laboratorijih fizike osnovnih delcev, njihovo shranjevanje pa je težavno, saj morajo biti ločeni od vsakršne druge snovi in lahko zato obstajajo le v magnetno uravnoteženem vakuumskem prostoru.
Drugačna različica pesmi »I Should Be So Lucky«, podobna tisti, izvedeni med njeno turnejo Intimate and Live Tour na koncertu 4. oktobra v Los Angeles, je bila izvedena na koncertu v New York Cityju 13. oktobra, zadnjem koncertu v sklopu te turneje.
Steve Jobs in nekaj Applovih inženirjev je obiskalo Xerox PARC decembra 1979, tri mesece po začetku projektov Lisa in Macintosh. Ko so slišali o začetkih GUI tehnologije, ki so jo za Xerox PARC razvijali bivši Xeroxovi uslužbenci, se je Steve Jobs v zameno za Applove delnice pogajal za obisk Xerox Alto računalnika in Smalltalk razvojnih orodij. Vprašanje je, kako velik učinek je imel ta obisk na Applove proizvode. Applov GUI je bil na koncu videti in deloval povsem drugače od PARC GUIjev, vendar je jasno, da so obiski Xeroxa zelo vplivali na razvoj Lise in Macintosha.
Kosmerka leži okoli 4 km jugozahodno od otoka Žirje. Površina otočka meri 0,037 km². Dolžina obalnega pasu je 0,79 km. Najvišji vrh je visok 27 mnm.
Križev pot se je razvil iz pobožnosti romarjev, ki so v Jeruzalemu sledili Jezusovi poti od mesta proti Golgoti. Ob poti so se ustavljali in molili, ob tem pa so se spominjali posameznih prizorov Jezusovega trpljenja. Križev pot se je razširil po Evropi zlasti po 13. stoletju, zaradi pobožnosti svetega Frančiška Asiškega in njegovih učencev.
»Change« je pesem country pop glasbenice Taylor Swift. Izšel je 8. avgusta 2008 iz njene kompilacije »AT&T TEAM USA Soundtrack«. Pojavil se je tudi na njenem drugem glasbenem albumu Fearless.
Marko Snoj [márko snój], slovenski jezikoslovec, indoevropeist, etimolog in pedagog, * 19. april 1959, Ljubljana, Slovenija (tedaj Jugoslavija).
3. sezona Znan obraz ima svoj glas je potekala spomladi 2016 ob nedeljah. Prva oddaja je bila na sporedu 6. marca, finalna dvanajsta oddaja pa 29. maja. Voditelj je bil zopet Denis Avdić in tudi žiranti so ostali isti kot v 2. sezoni: Gojmir Lešnjak - Gojc, Tanja Ribič in Irena Yebuah Tiran (v vsaki oddaji pa se jim je pridružil še gostujoči žirant). Tekmovalcem so pri preobrazbah pomagali učiteljica petja Darja Švajger, koreograf Miha Krušič in učitelj igre Gašper Tič.
Hebron je znan po grozdju, saj ga obkrožajo številni vinogradi, po kamnu, keramičnih delavnicah in steklarstvu. Predstavlja najpomembnejše gospodarsko središče Zahodnega brega.
Najdaljša reka v državi, Rio Grande, tvori tudi najdaljši del meje, in sicer na jugu z Mehiko. Reka izvira v Koloradu v Skalnem gorovju in se vije skozi Novo Mehiko ter po celi meji Teksasa z Mehiko preden se izlije v Mehiški zaliv. Druga najdaljša reka je Red River, ki izvira v planotah na zahodu države in je del svoje poti meja med Teksasom in Oklahomo.
Herder je dal izjemno pomembnost konceptu narodnosti in domoljubju-"tisti, ki je izgubil svoj domoljuben duh, je izgubil sebe in vse svetove o njem", medtem ko je učil da " v nekem smislu je vsaka človeska perfekcija narodna". Herder je izrazil svojo teorijo do ekstrema s trditvijo, da v državi obstaja samo en razred: Volk. V ta razred spadajo tako kmetje kot kralji.
Tako je v sezoni 2008/09 postal profesionalec in odšel v Avstrijo k moštvu EC Red Bull Salzburg. Tam zaradi hude konkurence ni dobival veliko priložnosti, 28. januarja 2009 se je zato vrnil v Severno Ameriko. Pogodbo je podpisal z ECHL moštvom Elmira Jackals.
Izraz domačijska umetnost sta uporabila Friedrich Lienhard in Adolf Bartel v časopisu Heimat, ki je izhajal pod geslom »Los von Berlin!« (stran od velikomestnega življenja), kot opozicijo moderni velemestni, kavarniški literaturi. Zahtevala sta, naj ima literatura nacionalno podlago, ker je nacionalno simbol biološko in etično zdravega, naj se decentralizira in odpove svetovljanstvu. Čeprav sta načrtovala visoko umetnost, je bila domačijska produkcija umetniško neambiciozna in večinoma namenjena literarni vzgoji ljudstva (njeni bralci so v nasprotju s tem hotenjem pripadali srednjemu meščanskemu sloju).
Spanec se na začetku terapije sicer podaljša, vendar bolnik kmalu razvije toleranco in pri enakih odmerkih zdravilo že po 8-10 dneh več ne deluje.
Zbirke predmetov (angleško Stuff packs) dopolnjujejo osnovno igro in ji dodajo samo nove predmete. Trenutno je 6 izdanih, še en pa bo izdan v kratkem. Stuff packi vsebujejo določene igralne elemente, ki so predstavljeni v dodatkih izdanih pred njimi (razen v primeru Holiday Party Packa, kjer so dodani le novi predmeti ter obleke, brez česa drugega). V teh paketih je po navadi okoli 60 novih predmetov.
682. pehotni polk (izvirno nemško Infanterie-Regiment 682) je bil eden izmed pehotnih polkov v sestavi redne nemške kopenske vojske med drugo svetovno vojno.
Lukovica (izvirno srbsko Луковица) je naselje v Srbiji, ki upravno spada pod Občino Svilajnac; slednja pa je del Pomoravskega upravnega okraja.
Marjan Tomšič: Noč je moja, dan je tvoj (istrske štorije), zbirka ljudskih pravljic s področja Istre, ČZP Kmečki glas, Ljubljana 1989, stran 76, pravljica št. 54
OPCW je sestavljena iz treh organov: Konference držav članic, Izvršnega sveta in Tehničnega sekretariata. Konferenca držav članic je vrhovni organ OPCW, sestavljena je iz vseh držav članic in se na rednih letnih zasedanjih sestaja enkrat letno. Konferenca mora obravnavati vsa vprašanja, zadeve in teme znotraj ciljev Konvencije. Izvršni svet sestavlja 41 članic, ki imajo dveletni mandat in se sestajajo na rednih zasedanjih. Vsaka članica Izvršnega sveta ima en glas. Izvršni svet spodbuja izvajanje Konvencije, v praksi je Izvršni svet predvsem organ, ki predhodno uskladi sklepe, ki se kasneje sprejmejo na Konferenci. Tehnični sekretariat pomaga Konferenci in Izvršnemu svetu pri opravljanju njunih nalog ter izvaja ukrepe preverjanja kot to predvideva Konvencija. Slovenija je bila kot tudi vse druge članice deležna inšpekcijskih pregledov, kmalu bo Slovenija 20 let podpisnica Konvencije.
Herder lahko upravičeno trdi, da je ustanovil novo šolo nemškega političnega razmišljanja. Čeprav se je videl kot nesocialnega, je močno vplival na njegove sodobnike. Prijatelj mu je leta 1785 napisal pismo, v katerem je trdil, da je njegova dela navdihnil bog.
Kavarna Pri treh metlah je največja in najbolj priljubljena ter vedno polna kavarna v vasi. Tam dela madam Rossmerta. Kavarna je zelo ugledna in večkrat jo obiščejo tudi učitelji bradavičarke. Pijača je vedno dobra, največ prodajo maslenuška, ki je čarovniška pijača.
Obzidje ob strani s pogledom na pristanišče izhaja iz bastijona svetega Petra in Pavla nasproti Vallette in se konča pri kurtini svete Ubaldeske v utrdbi svetega Elma. Značilnosti:
Britev je posebno oblikovan nož z zelo osrim rezilom, katero je vpeto v gibljiv ročaj iz lesa ali roževine v novejšem času pa tudi iz bakelita in plastike. Namenjen je za britje obrazov, brad, brkov, včasih pa tudi lasišča in poraščenih delov telesa večinoma moških oseb.
Viljem je imel razmerje, ki ni bilo javno znano, s Jeanne de Tramcourt od tistega leta pa do leta 1952. Skupaj sta živela več kot 30 let na posestvu Stenhammar blizu Flena. To je bilo v času, ko je bilo sobivanje zalo neobičajno in uradno ne dovoljeno med plemiči. Jeanne de Tramcourt je bila tako imenovana gospodinja na Stenhammarju. Dne 2. januarja 1952 je umrla v avtomobilski nesreči v snežnem viharju blizu Stjärnhova v Södermanlandu, ko sta bila na poti v Stenhammar po obisku Viljemovega sina Lennarta. Viljem je vozil, ko se je zgodila nesreča. Po tej tragediji si naj ne bil nikoli opomogel.
Delo je prekinila druga svetovna vojna. Hodgkin se je prostovoljno javil v raziskovalni oddelek Kraljevega vojnega letalstva, kjer se je ukvarjal z letalsko medicino, kasneje pa je bil premeščen v oddelek za telekomunikacije, kjer je sodeloval pri razvoju radarske tehnologije. Leta 1944 se je poročil s hčerko patologa in kasnejšega nobelovca Peytona Rousa in imel z njo štiri otroke. Z družino je od leta 1945 živel v Cambridgeu.
Rokometni vratar Urban Lesjak se je prvič s športom začel ukvarjati pri sedmih letih. Prve korake je naredil v rokometni šoli Toneta Goršiča, kjer je preživel tri leta, potem pa se je v sezoni 2000-01 preselil v Rokometni klub Celje Pivovarna Laško, s katerim so povezani vsi uspehi na njegovi dosedanji športni poti.
Kariero je začel v Port Arthurju v članskem moštvu Port Arthur Ports. Oktobra 1929 je kot prost igralec podpisal pogodbo z NHL klubom Pittsburgh Pirates. V svoji edini sezoni v Pittsburghu je na 44 tekmah prispeval 19 zadetkov. Naslednje leto se je klub preselil v Filadelfijo in še naprej sodeloval v ligi NHL, le pod novim imenom Philadelphia Quakers. Ekipa je doživela tisto sezono pravo rezultatsko katastrofo in je prepričljivo zasedla zadnje mesto v Ameriški diviziji. Po sezoni je klub razpadel, večina igralcev pa se je razkropila v nižje lige in Jarvis ni bil nobena izjema.
Leta 1832 je odpravil guvernadurstvo, ki je predstavljalo nevarnega nasprotnika vladike in eksponenta najprej Benetk, pozneje pa Avstrije. Leta 1842 je bila opravljena tudi razmejitev med Črno goro in Avstrijo. Njegoš je začel uvajati osnovno šolstvo in 1834 spet odprl tiskarno na Cetinju, ki je delovala že v 15. stoletju. Bil pa ni le vladar, pač pa tudi največji črnogorski pesnik (Gorski vijenac), pisal je tudi filozofske spise (Luča mikrokozma).
Herder je dal Nemcem nov ponos v njihovo poreklo. Želel si je, da bi se rodil v srednjem veku in je razmišljal, ali so si nemški vladarji zaslužili, da jih prikažejo v pravi luči v skladu z nemškim razmišljanjem. Herder je enačil Nemce z gotiko in cenil vse, kar je bilo iz gotike.
Gerty Theresa Cori (rojena Radnitz), avstrijsko-ameriška biokemičarka judovskega rodu, nobelovka, * 15. avgust 1896, Praga, Avstro-Ogrska (danes Češka), † 26. oktober 1957, St. Louis, Missouri, Združene države Amerike.
Po sporazumu iz leta 1995 je dostop do objekta omejen tako za Arabce, kot Jude. Osrednji prostor je razdeljen. Tako Arabci kot Judje vstopajo vsak skozi svoj vhod in se lahko zadržujejo v le vsak svojem delu. 10 dni na leto, ki so posebej pomembni za Jude, imajo pravico dostopa do celotnega osrednjega prostora. Prav tako pa imajo Arabci 10 dni na leto, ki so zanje posebej pomembni, pravico do dostopa do celotnega osrednjega prostora.
Toplak je 117. najbolj pogost priimek v Sloveniji, ki ga je po podatkih Statističnega urada Republike Slovenije na dan 31. decembra 2007 uporabljalo 1.225 oseb, na dan 1. januarja 2011 pa 1.229 oseb ter je med vsemi priimki po pogostosti uporabe zavzel 115. mesto.
Trbovlje so eno redkih mest pri nas, ki so mesto postale šele 1952. leta. Takrat so tudi izdelali urbanistični načrt, ki je predvidel širjenje mesta ob novi glavni cesti. Težišče mesta je bilo predvideno na Vodah in pred Lokami, ki takrat še niso bile pozidane. K mestu se prištevajo tudi soseske, ki se vzpenjajo po bregovih nad dolino.
Čopasta grebenuša (znanstveno ime Polygala comosa) je zelnata trajnica s pokončnimi krepkimi poganjki, ki je dokaj pogosta tudi v Sloveniji.
Cementarno so zgradili leta 1876, upravno poslopje so postavili tik nad strugo Trboveljščice. Apnenec za cement so sprva dobivali za Klekom in v Retju.
V The Sims 2 se Simčki starajo v šestih stopnjah življenja in so vključeni v močnejši 3D grafični pogon. Od julija 2007 je bilo prodanih več kot 13 milijonov izvodov po vsem svetu. The Sims 2 je tako postala druga najbolje prodajana PC igra vseh časov - na prvem mestu je še vedno The Sims 1. 19. marca 2008 so na spletni strani thesims3.com uradno naznanili izid igre The Sims 3 v letu 2009.
Sprememba spolnega položaja, tako da ima ženska več kontrole nad penetracijo: maksimalna globina penetracije penisa nastane, ko ženska leži na hrbtu in medenico spodvije navzgor in da noge čez ramena moškega. Minimalna globina penetracije je takrat, ko se ženska uleže na hrbet in iztegne svoje noge na posteljo in jih stisne skupaj, noge moškega pa objamejo njene. Rahlo bolj prijetna je različica, ko se ženska vleže na trebuh in iztegne noge.
V naselju živi 426 polnoletnih prebivalcev, pri čemer je njihova povprečna starost 42,4 let (40,7 pri moških in 44,2 pri ženskah). Naselje ima 159 gospodinjstev, pri čemer je povprečno število članov na gospodinjstvo 3,28.
Partnerja morata v svoje spolno življenje dodati prijetna, spolno poživljajoča doživetja k svoji spolni praksi, recimo skupno kopanje (ob katerem ni cilj samo higiena), vzajemna nežnost brez penetracije, uporaba erotičnih slik, knjig. Take aktivnosti povečajo naravno vlaženje in vaginalno razširjanje, oboje zmanjša trenje in bolečino.
Leta 2000 je Macintosh naredil drugo temeljno spremembo. Tokrat na operacijskem sistemu, s premikom na Mach in BSD, na Unixu temelječ Mac OS X.
V naselju, katerega izvirno (srbsko-cirilično) ime je Бребевница, živi 58 polnoletnih prebivalcev, pri čemer je njihova povprečna starost 63,8 let (61,5 pri moških in 66,1 pri ženskah). Naselje ima 32 gospodinjstev, pri čemer je povprečno število članov na gospodinjstvo 1,94.
29. april - v veljavo stopi leta 1993 podpisana Konvencija o kemičnem orožju, ki prepoveduje razvoj, izdelavo, uporabo in delanje zalog kemičnega orožja.
RAF je imel posebne, specializirane enote Mosquitov, ki so bile izredno izvežbane v natančnih bombardiranjih. Dve od takih sta bila 138. in 140. polk. Ti t. i. "pin-point" napadi so bili tako natančni, da so bombe in/ali rakete lahko zadevale točno že vnaprej določene dele stavb ali druge cilje. Zelo odmeven je bil napad na nacistični zapor pri Amiensu v Franciji 18. februarja 1944. Operacijo, imenovano "Jericho", sta izpeljali 464. avstralska skupina in novozelandska 487. skupina 140. bombniškega polka. Iz zapora je tako lahko ušlo veliko vidnih poveljnikov in članov francoskega odpora, ki bi bili drugače kmalu ustreljeni. Opremljeni z osmimi nevodenimi 3" raketami pod krili so zelo uspešno napadali nemške vojne ladje, tankerje in podmornice na gladini (med prečrpavanjem goriva, nalaganju torpedov, hrane, vode, izkrcevanju ranjencev ali bolnikov...) ali pa nemške vojaške vlake, cestne transporte, železniške proge in križišča ter postaje, mostove, letališča, rafinerije, strateške tovarne itn.
Dobrepolje je skupaj s Struško dolino na jugu skoraj 15 km dolgo, od nekaj sto metrov do 3 km široko kraško polje med hrbtom Male gore na zahodu in Suho krajino na vzhodu. Polje nima stalnih površinskih vodotokov. Večina kratkih potokov teče ob suši pod površjem zemlje. Na polju je več podzemeljskih jam.
V Sloveniji so od teh prisotne tri, L. hochenwartii hochenwartii, L. hochenwartii reticulatus in L. hochenwartii schmidti, ostale pa najdemo na Hrvaškem. Najjužnejša znana lokaliteta je Velebit na Hrvaškem, od koder je opisana podvrsta L. h. velebiticus, podvrsto L. h. reticulatus pa so prvič našli v jami Grota Noe blizu Trsta (Italija). Taksonomski položaj več podvrst je še nejasen, saj se lahko primerki precej razlikujejo v telesnih merah tudi znotraj iste populacije.
Francis Scott Key Fitzgerald, ameriški pisatelj, * 24. september 1896, Saint Paul, Minnesota, † 21. december 1940, Los Angeles, Kalifornija.
Blažka je druga osrednja oseba v tej knjigi. Tudi ona obiskuje 3. b razred, vendar se z sošolci ne razumejo. Nihče ne ve zakaj se ne razumejo, samo nočejo se družiti z njo, saj nosi stare škornje in prevelike bunde. Blažka zbira star papir, da si bo lahko plačala končni izlet. Na koncu knjige Blažka dobi nove prijatelje.
V vrtu so leta 1810 postavili spomenik v obliki neoklasicističnega templja v spomin na Alexandra Balla. Drugi spomeniki opozarjajo na obdobje drugega velikega obleganja Malte. Vrt z urejenimi zelenicami, potmi, klopmi in vodnjakom ponuja čudovit pogled na vhod v pristanišče.
»Query processor«, ki primerja naše želeno iskanje s svojo podatkovno bazo in izpiše zadetke dokumentov, v katerih je našel omenjene ali podobne izraze.
Na stanfordski univerzi je leta 1979 najprej razvil zamisel o inflaciji potem, ko je poslušal Dickeova predavanja o prapoku. Leta 1981 je formalno predlagal zamisel o inflaciji Vesolja, po kateri naj bi nastajajoče Vesolje prešlo fazo eksponentnega razširjanja, ki ga je gnala negativna energijska gostota vakuuma (pozitivni tlak vakuuma).
Ravnikar sam in njegovi študentje so prevzeli ključne naloge pri povojni prenovi in obnovi v socialistični Sloveniji in širše v Jugoslaviji. Slovenska moderna arhitektura, ki je nastajala v tem času, je prepoznavna po razumni uporabi materialov, premišljeni tlorisni organizaciji in posebnih detajlih pri oblogah površin in spajanju konstrukcij. Arhitekti so bili po eni strani prisiljeni izumljati novosti zaradi pomanjkanja gotovih gradbenih izdelkov, po drugi strani pa so pomenili nadaljevanje obrtništva, ki ga je v šolo vpeljal Plečnik. Najvidnejši Ravnikarjevi študenti, ki so ustvarjali arhitekturo tega obdobja, so arhitekti: Savin Sever, Oton Jugovec, Milan Mihelič, Miloš Bonča, Grega Košak, Majda Dobravec Lajovic, Janez Lajovic, Stanko Kristl in Ilija Arnautović. Ravnikar je oblikoval znak Osvobodilne fronte slovenskega naroda.
Papež je torej previdno in diplomatsko izjavil, da potrjuje in odobrava vse, kar je koncil »in materia fidei« (glede vere) »conciliariter« (koncilsko) določil. Po tem gledanju bi bili odloki 3. in 5. seje izvzeti iz potrditve, ker so bili sprejeti »tumultuariter« (množično). Iz takratnih razmer sledi tudi dvoumnost na nekaterih mestih papeške bule.
JS27 je evolucija svojega predhodnika JS25 z manjšim rezervoarjem za gorivo in spremenjeno aerodinamiko. Bil je tudi lažnji, Renaultovi motorji pa so bili tudi bolj učinkovito integrirani v dirkalnik, čeprav je Lotus dobival nekoli boljšo različico motorjev, med sezono pa jih Renault tudi ni razvijal.
Ti delci so za znanost velika uganka, kajti pričakovali bi, da je po prapoku nastala enaka količina snovi in antimaterije. Zaradi pomanjkanja antimaterije je Vesolje stabilno, čeprav se brez nje življenje ne bi moglo razviti.
Deloval je kot inštruktor jamarstva in jamarskega reševanja. Vodja Jamarske reševalne službe je bil od leta 2013. V času svojega delovanja je izobrazil preko 50 kandidatov. Dolga leta je raziskoval in dokumentiral slovenske jame in visokogorska brezna na območju Kamniško-savinjskih ter Julijskih Alp. Bil je tudi dolgoletni urednik Jamarskega biltena.
Zeleni trdoživ (znanstveno ime Hydra (Chlorohydra) viridissima) je vrsta trdoživa, ki živi na večini območij zmernega podnebnega pasu. Gre za pogost organizem, ki ga lahko najdemo v stoječih vodah od zgodnje pomladi do pozne jeseni, pritrjenega na liste in spodnje strani stebel vodnih rastlin. Značilno zeleno barvo mu dajejo enocelične alge Chlorella v celicah gastrodermisa, s katerimi živi v simbiozi. Od njih dobi organske snovi, s katerimi se prehranjuje, alge pa v zameno dobijo za fotosintezo potreben ogljikov dioksid, ki nastaja pri celičnem dihanju, in odpadne produkte presnove. Zato je zeleni trdoživ na splošno manj plenilski od aposimbiotskih vrst trdoživov.
Ponoči se je Jakob vračal od svoje zaročenke, tam okoli polnoči, si je požvižgaval smešno pesmico: "Vanca spod klanca, ušterjeva hči, je mulco pojela, ji je z riti visela." Med žvižganjem, je zagledal belo stvar, ki ga je ves čas opazovala. Ni vedel ali bi zbežal ali ostal. Nato je sredi ceste ugledal skrinjo, ki se je odpirala in zapirala. Ko je bila odprta je iz nččje mahala bela rjuha, ko je bila zaprta, pa je v njej nekaj na vso moč ječalo.
V naselju, katerega izvirno (srbsko-cirilično) ime je Урманица, živi 32 polnoletnih prebivalcev, pri čemer je njihova povprečna starost 68,2 let (68,3 pri moških in 68,1 pri ženskah). Naselje ima 19 gospodinjstev, pri čemer je povprečno število članov na gospodinjstvo 1,68.
Ligier JS27 je Ligierov dirkalnik Formule 1, ki je bil v uporabi v sezoni 1986, ko so z njim dirkali Francozi René Arnoux, Jacques Laffite in Philippe Alliot.
Tola je za Albanijo nastopil na Zimskih olimpijskih igrah 2006 v Torinu. Nastopil je v disciplinah superveleslalom in veleslalom. V superveleslalomu je osvojil zadnje, v veleslalomu pa 35. mesto. Od leta 1992 živi in trenira v italijanski Cervini.
Ravnikarjeva arhitektura je neobičajna avtorska sinteza, ki črpa iz Plečnikovega lokalno obarvanega klasicizma, Le Corbusierjevega brutalizma in ljudske arhitekture, pa tudi antičnih in drugih vzorov, od Skandinavije do Japonske. Prva pomembnejša zgradba, ki jo je načrtoval samostojno, je bila kostnica padlim med prvo svetovno vojno na Žalah v Ljubljani. Izvirne prvine načrtovanja je še bolj pokazal pri izjemni konceptni in izvedbeni rešitvi, Moderni galeriji v Ljubljani. Izidor Cankar je načrte zanjo najprej iskal pri Plečniku, kasneje je delo zaupal Ravnikarju, ki si je zato nakopal tudi Plečnikovo zamero.
Jämtland je razgibana srednje visoka planota, s številnimi jezeri in obsežnimi gozdovi, ki se razprostira na površini 34.009 km². Od skupne površine je obdelano le okoli 2% zemljišča. Z gozdom pa je poraslo okoli 50% teritorija.
V letu 2014 je Organizacija za prepoved kemičnega orožja uvedla Haško nagrado Organizacije, da bi počastila posameznike in ustanove, ki si prizadevajo za trajno odstranitev takšnega orožja s sveta. Nagrada je dediščina Nobelove nagrade in uporablja denarni fond prejete nagrade ob podpori mesta Haag na letno nagrado 900.000€.
Radioamaterska CEPT licenca je licenca ki radioamaterju dovoljuje uporabo radioamaterskih radijskih frekvenc. Ime je dobilo po Evropski konferenci poštnih in telekomunikacijskih administracij (ang. European Conference of Postal and Telecommunications Administrations), kjer je bil leta 1959 sklenjen dogovor o registraciji radijskih postaj.
Kinetična energija je sestavljena iz dveh členov, od katerih je prvi - polna energija - komponenta vektorja četverca gibalne količine, drugi - lastna energija - pa skalar.
Pred francosko revolucijo je bil njegov dvorec Château de Saint-Germain prebivališče številnih francoskih monarhov. Stari grad je bil zgrajen leta 1348 pod kraljem Karlom V. na ostankih še starejšega gradu (château-fort, 1238), obnovljen v času Franca I. Saint-Germain-en-Laye je poznan po svoji 2.4 km dolgi kamniti terasi, postavljeni v letih 1669-1673 pod arhitektom Le Nôtrejem, s pogledom po dolini reke Sene in v daljavi na Pariz. V 19. stoletju je Napoleon Bonaparte na dvorcu Château-Vieux ustanovil šolo za oficirje - konjenike. Leta 1862 je dal Napoleon III. v delu dvorca postaviti muzej Musée des Antiquités Nationales, v katerem so bili predstavljeni predmeti iz obdobja od paleolitika do Galcev.
Ime Frančišek izhaja iz latinskega imena Franciscus s prvotnim pomenom »nanašajoč se na Franke«, to je »frankovski kralj«. V krščanskem sveetu je ime Frančišek postalo popularno po sv. Frančišku, ustanovitelju po njem imenovanega frančiškanskega reda
Vrtove z obrambnim jarkom in bližnjim pristaniščem Lascaris Wharf povezuje dvigalo. Prvo dvigalo je bilo zgrajeno leta 1905, vendar je bilo zaprto leta 1973 in razstavljeno leta 1983. Novo dvigalo so slovesno odprli 15. decembra 2012.
1. septembra 2016 je bila linija 24 z obeh končnih obračališč podaljšana. Iz Bizovika so traso speljali skozi naselja pod Golovcem, mimo Sostra, skozi Vevče in mimo Novih Fužin do BTC-Atlantisa, zaradi spojitve linij št. 28 (Kajuhova - Mali Lipoglav) in 29 (Kajuhova - Tuji Grm) v enotno linijo 26 (Tuji Grm - Sostro - Mali Lipoglav) in ukinitvijo voženj skozi Vevče. Z Žal pa je bila proga podaljšana preko Štajerske ceste do Centra Stožice P+R, saj je bila istega dne linija št. 13 skrajšana do starega obračališča Bežigrad na Železni cesti. Zaradi predvidene preusmeritve linije št. 12 iz Vevč v Podgorico je bila predvidena tudi uvedba nedeljske različice linije št. 24V (BTC-Atlantis – Vevče; pokrila naj bi izpad avtobusnega prometa na Vevčah), vendar do realizacije ni prišlo, saj so nenapovedano uvedli novo linijo št. 12D. 3. aprila 2017 je bilo zaključeno testno obratovanje. Istega dne se je ukinilo odseke, na katerih so avtobusi dnevno prepeljali premalo potnikov. Tako je linija 24 začela obratovati po skrajšani trasi BTC-Atlantis – Sostro – Vevče. Trasa linije tako ne poteka več po Zaloški cesti in do Centra Stožice P+R (istega dne je bila ponovno podaljšana linija 13).
Ko je Ciriaco de 'Pizzicolli (Ciriaco Ankonski) obiskal mesto leta 1446, je tempelj še vedno bil, čeprav so ga Bizantinci spremenili v trdnjavo: a ko je leta 1673 prispel naslednji evropski obiskovalec Anglež dr. Pickering, je bil tempelj porušen. Društvo Dilettanti je leta 1764 poslalo dve odpravi raziskat ruševine, prvo pod vodstvom Richarda Chandlerja, drugo pa leta 1812 pod vodstvom Williama Gella. Francoska "Rothschild Expedition" je leta 1873 poslala nekaj arhitekturnega kiparstva v Louvre. Izkopavanja pa niso bila sistematična, dokler nista Emmanuel Pontremoli in B. Haussoullier leta 1895 poslala Francoske šole iz Rima in Aten. Očistili so zahodno fasado in prodrom, odkrili napise, ki dajejo informacije o drugih delih, ki so bili še vedno zakopani.
Galova vladavina na vzhodu se je začela z uspešno zadušitvijo upora Judov leta 351 ali 352. Ko je v Antiohiji izbruhnila lakota, je aretiral vse lokalne senatorje in jih obsodil na smrt, ker so kot veleposestniki manipulirali s cenami žita. Senatorjem je nazadnje prizanesel, nezadovoljna množica pa je na Galovo vzpodbudo ubila namestnika guvernerja Sirije Teofila. Konstancij II. je zato na vzhod poslal v inšpekcijo pretorijanskega prefekta Domicijana, ki je Gala v cesarjevem imenu poklical v Italijo. Konstancij Gal je v odgovor spuntal vojake, ki so ubili Domicijana in nekaj cesarskih uradnikov. Ko so v Tiru v Feniciji odkrili tajno pripravljeno škrlatno cesarsko ogrinjalo, je Gal organiziral sodni proces proti svojemu lokalnemu namestniku in ga obsodil na smrt.
pa je sinus kota lomljenega žarka z x-osjo. Po lomnem zakonu so ti členi enaki. Lomni zakon je enakovreden dejstvu, da je prva variacija optične poti enaka 0.
Jean-Baptiste Lully (Giovanni Battista Lulli), francoski skladatelj italijanskega rodu, * 28. november 1632 Firence, † 22. marec 1687 Pariz.
Zlata arena, Pulj (1961) - za vlogo kurirja Aleša v filmu Veselica. Drugi po vrsti je prejel nagrado bert za življenjsko delo na področju filmske igre (2014).
V naselju živi 2243 polnoletnih prebivalcev, pri čemer je njihova povprečna starost 40,1 let (39,2 pri moških in 41,0 pri ženskah). Naselje ima 910 gospodinjstev, pri čemer je povprečno število članov na gospodinjstvo 3,05.
Ko so se zavezniki začeli pripravljati, da z vojaškimi operacijami dosežejo svoj namen, je Jugoslavija v beograjskem sporazumu 9. junija 1945 sprejela njihove zahteve. Tri dni po sprejemu beograjskega sporazuma je fekdmaršal Alexander izdal razglas, s katerim se je v anglo-ameriški coni uveljavila zakonodaja, kakršna je bila tod pred 8. septembrom 1943. Isti dan so ukinili razprave pred ljudskimi sodišči, katerim so odslej dovolili le še preiskave. 22. junija so razpustili Narodno zaščito, na kar je protifašistično prebivalstvo Trsta odgovorilo z močno splošno stavko, prvo po dveh desetletjih. Splošni ukaz 12. julija 1945 je vpeljal redna sodišča, kakršna so bila pred 8. septembrom 1943. Končno je splošni ukaz 11. avgusta o krajevni upravi odvzel narodnoosvobodilnim odborom vso oblast in funkcije ter postavil na njihovo mesto okrožne in občinske predsednike in občinske svete, katere je imenovala zavezniška vojaška uprava. Po sklenitvi mirovne pogodbe z Italijo 15. februarja 1947 so Morganovo linijo 15. septembra 1947 odpravili in Jugoslavija je dobila tudi nekatere predele t. i. cone A Julijske krajine.
Knjiga Mačji sejem je kratka sodobna pravljica v slikaniški obliki, je nadaljevanje priljubljene zgodbe Maček Muri. Avtor Kajetan Kovič in ilustratorka Maša Kozjek nam predstavita še eno razgibano in zanimivo mačjo zgodbo. Dogajanje se odvija na 30 slikovitih straneh formata A4, kjer se duhovito izmenjujejo zgodba v proznem besedilu, pesmi in ilustracije.
kavalir svetega Janeza je peterokotni kavalir s pogledom na bastijon svetega Janeza. Zdaj je veleposlaništvo malteškega viteškega reda (Sovereign Military Order of Malta – SMOM) na Malti;
Z mnogimi nastopi na radiu in televiziji je prispeval k popularizaciji etimološke stroke. Posebnega pomena je večkrat ponovljeni niz 22 enournih oddaj Besede na TV Slovenija, ki je bil prvič predvajan od februarja do junija 1998.
prednji branik svetega Mihaela – tristopenjski branik, zgrajen leta 1640 blizu bastijona svetega Mihaela. Njegova nižja stopnja ima vogalni stolpič na izpostavljenem vogalu in kapelico, posvečeno svetemu Roku. Kapela je bila uničena med drugo svetovno vojno, a so jo obnovili leta 2014;
Je ogrožen, saj je zaradi omejenosti območja, kjer živi, izjemno redek, čeprav je lahko število osebkov v posameznih jamah veliko. Kot redka vrsta je uvrščen v slovenski Rdeči seznam ogroženih rastlinskih in živalskih vrst.
Linija je razmejevala dve vojaški upravi na tem območju, in sicer jugoslovansko vojaško upravo na vzhodnem delu in zavezniško vojaško upravo na zahodnem delu. Linija je predstavljala začasno mejo med Jugoslavijo in Italijo.
Konstánta je v splošnem realno število ali številska vrednost, ki je na neki način pomembna. Izraz »konstanta« se največ uporablja tako za matematične kot za fizikalne konstante, redkeje tudi npr. za astronomske kot so astronomska enota, Sončev polmer ipd. Matematične in fizikalne konstante se med seboj precej razlikujejo. Matematične konstante so brezrazsežne, fizikalne pa imajo večinoma izbrano množico enot. Enote v fiziki so v mednarodnem sistemu enot večinoma izpeljane iz osnovnih.
Bartok je v Koncertu za orkester dosledno uporabil načelo concerta grossa: posamezne orkestrske skupine nastopajo kot solisti v odnosu do celotnega ansambla. Prvi, tretji in peti stavek so obdelave preprostih, a učinkovitih melodij, drugi in četrti stavek pa delujeta kot medigri. V četrtem stavku se Bartok ponorčuje iz Šostakovičeve Leningrajske simfonije, ki se mu je zdela pompozna in banalna. Vendar tudi na tem mestu banalno koračnico, izpeljano iz ene od Šostakovičevih tem, nemudoma prekrije prelepa madžarska ljudska melodija.
V članski celjski postavi brani od leta 2010. Tedaj si je vratarske zadolžitve delil s prvim vratarjem Aljošo Rezarjem. V sezoni 2011-12 je v Pokalu pokalnih zmagovalcev dosegel tudi en zadetek. Od leta 2015, ko je Celje zapustil Matevž Skok je glavni vratar ekipe.
Jadwin je bil jahač na poletnih olimpijskih igrah 1936; nastopil je v disciplini preskakovanja ovir: osvojil je 34. individualno in 4. skupinsko mesto.
Federico je plesalec argentinskega tanga. Je sin znanega plesalca in koreografa tanga Gustava Naveire. Plesati je začel že v otroštvu. Kot najstnik se je pridružil skupini plesalcev in koreografov ter začel s poučevanjem tanga. Od leta 2008 sodeluje s plesalko Inés Muzzopappa, s katero kot plesalca in učitelja nastopata in poučujeta na mnogih internacionalnih festivalih tanga po vsem svetu.
Zaplet zgodbe predstavlja Matičevo spoznanje, da je Blažka revna in mora zbirati star papir, da bo lahko odšla z njimi na končni izlet. Odloči se da ji bo pomagal.
Rezka Dragar (roj. Južina), slovenska komunistka, partizanka, prvoborka in narodna herojinja, *16. november 1913, Krašnja pri Moravčah, Kranjska, †16. oktober 1941, Lancovo pri Radovljici.
Za uresničevanje zavarovanja morajo vsi državljani, ki imajo dohodek plačevati prispevke v ustreznem deležu tega dohodka ustanovi, ki je nosilka zdravstvenega zavarovanja in, ki ni profitna. Osebe, ki nimajo dohodkov (v Sloveniji so to otroci, študenti in nezaposleni) so po principu solidarnosti prav tako upravičeni do osnovnega zdravstvenega zavarovanja.
Po širitvi je spletel močan vazalski imperij s pomočjo umorov in zavezništev. Njegov način vladanja ni bil dobro sprejet. Shako sta ubila njegova lastna polbrata. Njegove zadnje besede naj bi napovedale konec zulujskega imperija z zasedbo belcev, ki se je v resnici zgodila čez sedemdeset let.
Zahodno občinstvo jo je prvič spoznalo leta 1772, ko jo je francoski jezuit Jean Joseph Marie Amiot prevedel v francoščino. Za navdih so jo uporabljali mnogi različni voditelji, kot so Mao Cetung, general Vo Nguyen Giap, baron Antoine-Henri Jomini, general Douglas MacArthur in voditelji Japonskega imperija.
Hrani se z organskimi ostanki, ki jih najde v jami, najpogosteje na stenah jam, kjer pronicajoča deževnica odlaga hranljive snovi, ter z mrhovino. Še manj je znanega o njegovem razvoju. V edini raziskavi opravljeni do zdaj so ugotovili, da raste in se razmnožuje počasi. Samica izleže razmeroma majhno število velikih jajčec, iz katerih se po dolgem času (v primerjavi z ostalimi žuželkami) izležejo ličinke. Te živijo od zalog hranil v jajčecih in se ne prehranjujejo. Njihova prva levitev je hkrati že preobrazba v odraslo žival.
Beers je bil leta 1900 hospitaliziran zaradi depresije in paranoje. O svoji izkušnji hospitalizacije in zlorabah, ki jih je v tem času pretrpel, je napisal knjigo A Mind That Found Itself.
Uvrščene so po številu zlatih medaljah. Če se pojavi isto število zlatih medalj, se upošteva število srebrnih in nato bronastih. Če ima več držav enako število vseh treh, se jih uvrsti na isto mesto po abecednem redu. Takšno uvrščanje je v skladu s pravili MOK.
Živa zažgana je biografski roman avtorice Souad, ki ga je napisala s pomočjo Marie-Thérèse Cuny. Avtorica, po rodu Jordanka, opisuje svoje kruto življenje v islamski deželi Jordaniji, kjer moški krojijo usodo žensk. Izvirni naslov, Bruleé vive, je prevedla Alenka Moder Saje.
For You, For Me Tour (oglaševana tudi pod imenom KylieUSA2009) je deveta koncertna turneja avstralske pevke Kylie Minogue. To je njena prva pomembnejša turneja po Severni Ameriki. Glasbeni kritiki so turneji dodelili v glavnem pozitivne ocene in Kylie Minogue je kljub kritiziranju njene založbe in dejstva, da je turnejo organizirala na tem področju, z le-to zaslužila več kot tri milijone dolarjev.
Ko je njihov oče Francesco leta 1466 umrl (Zadnjo večerjo je naslikal ob svojem grobu v cerkvi Santa Maria delle Grazie), je družinski naslov prenesen na Galeazzo Maria, starejšega Ludovicovega brata, medtem ko je bil njemu podeljen vljudnostni naziv grof Mortara.
The Sims 2 je računalniška igra simulacije življenja, ki jo razvija Maxis. Je nadaljevanje najbolje prodajane računalniške igre, The Sims, ki je bila izdana 14. decembra 2000.
3. junija 2006 je Črna gora razglasila neodvisnost in samostojnost, s čimer je bila Državna skupnost Srbije in Črne gore omejena le na Srbijo[2]. 5. junija je še Parlament Srbije razglasil neodvisnost in samostojnost, s čimer je dokončno propadla Državna skupnost Srbije in Črne gore kot zadnji preostanek Jugoslavije[3].
Ime Hilarij izhaja iz lat. imena Hilarius oziroma gr. Hilários. To razlagajo z grško besedo hilarós v pomenu »vesel«. Hilarius pa s hilarus ali hilaris, ki prav tako pomeni »vesel, dobre volje«.
Ker ni bilo več moških potomcev v neposredni liniji, je naziv nasledil Thomas Cochrane, mrzli bratranec drugega Earla. Thomas, šesti Earl, ki je umrl leta 1737, je bil sin Williama Cochrana (umrlega 1717), ki je bil drugi sin Williama Conchrana, Lord Cochrana (umrlega 1679), najstarejšega sina prvega Earla. Šestega Earla je nasledil njegov najstarejši sin William Cochrane, ki je umrl med sedemletno vojno leta 1758.
V 15. stoletju so v Pešti prebivali večinoma Madžari, v Budimu pa večinoma Nemci. Po podatkih ogrske kraljeve zakladnice je imel Budim leta 1495 večinoma madžarsko prebivalstvo z znatno nemško manjšino.
Pri idealnih pogojih se lahko maksimum ali minimum dane funkcije najdeta z iskanjem točk, kjer je odvod enak nič. Podobno se lahko rešijo gladki variacijski problemi z rešitvijo pripadajoče Euler-Lagrangeeve enačbe. Naj je problem iskanja najkrajše krivulje v ravnini, ki povezuje dve točki
V stavbi so locirani oddelki klinike za kirurgijo. V 16. nadstropju se nahajata tudi dve predavalnici: velika predavalnica prim. dr. Zmaga Slokana in ena majhna predavalnica.
Jakoba je bilo strah in zato je z glasom polnim straha rekel skrinji: »Daj mi pot, umakni se!« Iz skrinje pa se je zaslišel le rezek glas: "Noč je moja, dan je tvoj." Jakob je začel od strahu hitro teči, da ga niti burja ne bi dohitela.
|- | Dolžina (m) - tlačni trup (m) | 76,76 - 58,75 |- | Širina (m) - tlačni trup (m) | 6,86 - 4,44 |- | Izpodriv (m) | 4,67 |- | Višina (m) | 9,6 |- | Moč (hp):
Delaware [delavêr] je zvezna država ZDA. Znana je kot prva država, saj je bila prva izmed 13 kolonij, ki je podpisala ustavo ZDA. To se je zgodilo 7. decembra 1787.
Douglas A. Kibbee (ed.), History of Linguistics 2005: Selected papers from the Tenth International Conference on the History of the Language Sciences (ICHOLS X), 15 September 2005, Urbana-Champaign, Illinois, John Benjamins Publishing, 2007, p. 290
V obdobju do 1660 je zložil veliko baletov, ki sta jih plesala osebno s kraljem. Imel je tudi velik uspeh z glasbo, ki jo je zložil za Molièrove komedije. Tako si je kmalu pridobil izredno pravico za ustvarjanje in izvajanje oper (patent za to je odkupil). Postal je tudi neke vrste glasbeni cenzor za celotno Francijo. Leta 1661 je dobil tudi francosko državljanstvo.
Beljajev se je po končani desetletki leta 1942 zaposlil v tovarni. Leta 1943 se je prostovoljno javil v Rdečo armado. Leta 1945 je končal Vojaško-letalsko pilotsko šolo v Jejsku.
J. Holzer: Zgodovina Cerkve v stotih slikah”. Družina, Ljubljana 1995. (prevod iz nemščine: Josef Holzer: Die Geschichte der Kirche in 100 Reportagen. Niederösterreichisches Pressehaus, St. Pölten 1979, 1. Auflage. Prevedel dr. France M. Dolinar)
To naselje je, glede na rezultate popisa iz leta 2002, večinoma srbsko, a v času zadnjih treh popisov je opazno zmanjšanje števila prebivalcev.
Opozicija proti avtokratskemu knezovemu vladanju in njegovemu birokratskemu aparatu pa je vztrajno naraščala in oktobra 1905 je knez Nikola izdal ustavo, po kateri je Črna gora postala ustavna, ne pa parlamentarna monarhija. Vlada ni bila odgovorna skupščini, pač pa knezu, ki je imenoval vse uradnike. Še istega leta so bile prve volitve v parlament in 1907 sta bili ustanovljeni prvi dve stranki: Narodna stranka prava ali pravaši in Klub narodne stranke ali klubaši, ki je zbral vso opozicijo. Med obema strankama se je ves čas bil oster politični boj, knez pa je klubašem pripisoval podpiranje Srbije. Leta 1907 je izbruhnila bombaška afera, ko je nekaj klubovih privržencev dobilo iz Srbije bombe za boj proti knezu. Najuglednejši klubaši so bili obsojeni na smrt ali visoke zaporne kazni. Leta 1909 je izbruhnila nova afera, kolašinska, ki je bila nadaljevanje prejšnje. Odnosi s Srbijo so bili od 1903 slabi, celo na robu vojne. Knez se je namreč počutil ogrožen zaradi srbske dinastije in velikosrbskih politikov in tudi zato se je zaradi prestiža 1910 okronal za kralja. Ker sta Rusija in Avstro-Ogrska hoteli imeti na tem delu Balkanskega polotoka mir, sta podpirali kralja Nikolo, zlasti Rusija mu je finančno veliko pomagala, ruski car pa je celo dejal, da mu je Nikola edini prijatelj. Po 1908 je avstrijski vpliv zamenjal italijanskega, Italija pa je tudi podpirala Črno goro proti nastajajoči Albaniji. Leta 1912 je Črna gora prva začela sklepati dvostranske sporazume, ki so privedli do balkanske zveze, prva je tudi začela balkansko vojno. Po koncu druge balkanske vojne so bili Črni gori dodeljeni Sandžak, Plevlja, Bijelo Polje, Berane, Pec, Gusinje, del Skadarskega jezera. Ozemeljsko se je Crna gora povečala od 9000 na 14.500 km2, po številu prebivalstva pa od 275.000 na pol milijona.
Po študiju prava na Univerzi v Amsterdamu je vstopil v diplomatsko službo. Tako je bil ataše v Švici (1940-41), ataše na Portugalskem (1941-43), ataše v Združenem kraljestvu (1943-1949) in namestnik stalnega predstavnika Nizozemske pri OZN (1949-1952). Ko je nizozemska Katoliška ljudska stranka vstopila v vlado leta 1952, je postal minister za zunanje zadeve, kar je bil vse do leta 1971; to predstavlja tudi najdaljši mandat nizozemskega zunanjega ministra. 1. oktobra 1971 je postal generalni sekretar Nata, katerega položaj je zasedal vse do 25. junija 1984.
Kot opozicija domačijski literaturi se je 1930 razvil socialni realizem, ki perspektive nacionalnega preživetja ni videl v večjih kmetih, gruntarjih, pač pa v kmečkem proletariatu in proletarizaciji kmetstva.
Parametrična enačba je v matematiki način, s katerim opišemo relacijo z uporabo parametrov. Parameter je vrsta spremenljivke. Najenostavnejši kinematični zgled je uporaba časa za določitev gibanja telesa.
Toulon (antični Telo Martius, provansalsko, okcitansko Tolon/Touloun) je mesto in občina v jugovzhodni francoski regiji Provansa-Alpe-Azurna obala in veliko vojaško pristanišče na sredozemski obali z glavno francosko pomorsko bazo, prefektura departmaja Var. Leta 1999 je mesto imelo 168.639 prebivalcev.
Saint-Astier je sedež istoimenskega kantona, v katerega so poleg njegove, vključene še občine Annesse-et-Beaulieu, La Chapelle-Gonaguet, Coursac, Grignols, Jaure, Léguillac-de-l'Auche, Manzac-sur-Vern, Mensignac, Montrem, Razac-sur-l'Isle in Saint-Léon-sur-l'Isle z 18.835 prebivalci.
Christopher John Murray (ed.), Encyclopedia of the Romantic Era, 1760-1850, Routledge, 2013, p. 491: "Herder expressed a view fundamental to Romantic hermeneutics..."; Forster 2010, p. 9.
Mírna je reka v jugovzhodni Sloveniji, desni pritok Save. Njen izvir je v gozdu severozahodno od naselja Velika Goba v osrednjem delu Posavskega hribovja, nato teče večinoma po ozki dolini proti jugovzhodu do Mirne. Tu vstopi v manjšo kotlino (Mirnska dolina) in teče po njej približno proti vzhodu do Pijavic, kjer vstopi v okoli 12 km dolgo, ozko in vijugasto sotesko ter se v Dolenjem Boštanju, nasproti Sevnice, izliva v Savo.
V naselju živi 121 polnoletnih prebivalcev, pri čemer je njihova povprečna starost 44,4 let (42,2 pri moških in 46,4 pri ženskah). Naselje ima 46 gospodinjstev, pri čemer je povprečno število članov na gospodinjstvo 3,09.
Batavi in njihovi zavezniki so pod vodstvom svojega dednega kneza Gaja Julija Civila, častnika v rimskih pomožnih enotah, uspeli večkrat ponižujoče premagati rimsko vojsko in popolnoma uničiti dve rimski legiji. Po začetnih uspehih je mogočna rimska vojska pod poveljstvom generala Kvinta Petilija Kerijala uspela premagati upornike. Sledila so mirovna pogajanja, katerih splošni dogovori niso znani. Batavi so morali obnoviti svoje zavezništvo z Rimom in mu dati na razpolago še osem pomožnih konjeniških enot. Batavsko prestolnico Noviomagus (Nijmegen) so Rimljani porušili in prebivalcem ukazali, naj zgradijo novo nekaj kilometrov po reki navzdol na mestu, ki je bilo težko branljivo. V njegovi bližini so nastanili X. legijo Gemina, ki je varovala mir v regiji.
Vrtovi so na zgornjem delu bastijona svetega Petra in Pavla, ki je bil zgrajen leta 1560. Na spodnjem delu bastijona je pozdravna baterija iz 16. stoletja. Terasaste loke vrta je leta 1661 zgradil italijanski malteški vitez fra Flaminio Balbiani. Prvotno so bili pokriti, toda strop je bil odstranjen po uporu duhovnikov leta 1775.
Dogajanje v seriji je postavljeno v Cardiff, kjer spremljamo dogodivščine valižanske podružnice tajne agencije po imenu Torchwood. Njeni člani se ukvarjajo predvsem s primeri izvenzemeljskega življenja ter tehnologije, katero tudi pridno zbirajo in preučujejo, z namenom, da bo nekoč v prihodnosti prišla človeštvu prav. Poveljnik podružnice Torchwood 3 stotnik Jack Harkness sam večkrat pravi, da organizacija deluje izven nadzora vlade, zunaj policije ter onkraj pristojnosti Združenih narodov. Javnost organizacijo vidi le kot skupino posebnih agentov, ne ve pa točno, s čim vse se ukvarja.
kurtina Porta Reale, znana tudi kot kurtina svetega Jakoba, stena povezuje bastijona svetega Janeza in Jakoba. Glavna mestna vrata so v steni kurtine. Današnja vrata, ki so jih sicer obnovili petkrat, so bila izdelana med letoma 2011 in 2014 po projektu Renza Piana;
Obradović, Dositej. The Life and Adventures of Dimitrije Obradović. University of California Publications in Modern Philology 39. Berkeley; Los Angeles, 1953.
Napadalci: Mustafa Bešić, Marjan Gorenc, Zvone Šuvak, Igor Kosović, Blaž Lomovšek, Marko Smolej, Toni Tišlar, Dejan Burnik, Nik Zupančič, Andrej Razinger,
Janez Dular, Halštatske nekropole Dolenjske = Die hallstattzeitlichen Nekropolen in Dolenjsko. Opera Instituti archaeologici Sloveniae 6, Ljubljana 2003 (COBISS)
L'ufficio progettazione, sembra ormai certo, si trasferirà a Noale, mentre alla fine anno partono i lavori di ristrutturazione degli stabilimenti di via Parodi 57, con progetto e concessione edilizia già appese sull'esterno della fabbrica. L'operazione ha causato la messa in cassa integrazione di buona parte degli impiegati e il sorgere di numerose polemiche
Nel 2008 consolida la propria presenza nel mercato francese con l'acquisizione del ramo tissue di Novacare s.a. con lo stabilimento di Laval quasi interamente dedicato alla produzione di articoli per il mercato AFH (away from home).
Candela Maza è una ragazza di 15 anni che è rimasta orfana insieme ai suoi fratelli Hosana e Facundo. Il giudice decise che i ragazzi devono andare a vivere insieme allo zio Juan Maza, un uomo ricco.
Ceduto il ruolo di The Falcon al fratello Tom Conway, Sanders si affermò come uno dei migliori attori cinematografici dell'epoca, interprete dall'innata eleganza e dai modi spesso ingannevolmente soavi, e dotato di una gradevole voce baritonale dal marcato accento britannico. Tra le molte celebri pellicole da lui interpretate, sono da ricordare i thriller Il prigioniero di Amsterdam (1940) e Rebecca - La prima moglie (1940), entrambi diretti da Alfred Hitchcock, Il ritratto di Dorian Gray (1945), in cui interpretò la figura del diabolico e libertino Lord Henry Wotton, il noir Lo sparviero di Londra (1947), il romantico Il fantasma e la signora Muir (1947), nei panni dello spregiudicato scrittore Miles Farley, e il dramma in costume Ambra (1947), in cui vestì i panni del re Carlo II d'Inghilterra, ruolo che avrebbe ripreso una decina di anni più tardi nell'avventura in costume Il ladro del re (1956).
Prima che iniziasse il 24 settembre 2006, la ABC ha usato questa canzone per promuovere il primo episodio, Listen to the Rain on the Roof, della terza stagione di Desperate Housewives.
Nel film Il bisbetico domato, Don Cirillo durante l'allenamento dei suoi ragazzi, poco prima di incontrare il suo amico Elia (A. Celentano), cita tale motto per incitarli a dare il meglio in vista della finale di basket.
L'incontro con Silva è a senso unico, in quanto l'ispanico porta l'avversario a terra subito e lo controlla con un violento e costante ground and pound che porta a far sanguinare Silva al volto: il KO tecnico viene già chiamato nel primo round.
4 Tan, 5 Küce, 6 Vekiloğlu, 7 Durusel, 8 İlkbaşaran, 9 Erdenay, 10 Ersözlü, 11 Tosun, 12 İnce, 13 S. İzzetin, 14 Güney, 15 Alp, All. Mehmet BaturalpFIBA EuroBasket 1973
Le alture prendono il nome dal fiume Severskij Donec, che le costeggia per tutta la loro lunghezza, delimitandone il confine settentrionale ed orientale.
Cain Velasquez's profile at the National Wrestling Hall of Fame, su wrestlinghalloffame.org. (archiviato dall'url originale il 6 luglio 2010).
Un giorno, alcuni rappresentanti degli Yōkai Taijiya, ovvero il gruppo degli sterminatori di demoni al quale, tra gli altri, appartenevano anche Sango e Kohaku, affidarono alla famosa sacerdotessa Kikyo la protezione della Sfera dei Quattro Spiriti (四魂の玉 Shikon no Tama?). Gli sterminatori erano certi che solo una miko di grande purezza e potere sarebbe stata in grado di purificare e proteggere il gioiello da un uso sbagliato. Il destino di Kikyo divenne così trascorrere la propria vita a proteggere questa Sfera e ad evitare che cadesse nelle mani sbagliate, poiché in tal caso le forze maligne ed il caos avrebbero preso il controllo e danneggiato l'intera comunità.
La temperatura media annua cittadina (stazione meteo di Central Park, medie 1961-1990), intorno ai 13 °C, oscilla su base mensile fra i circa 0 °C di gennaio (mese più freddo) e i circa 25 °C di luglio (mese più caldo); la forte continentalità del clima fa sì che i valori termici estremi registrati abbiano una "forbice" molto maggiore, andando dai −26,1 °C ai 41,7 °C. Per quanto riguarda le precipitazioni, New York è una città piuttosto umida, con una media annua di 1.200 mm; la loro distribuzione è abbastanza regolare e non si individuano nel corso dell'anno stagioni marcatamente piovose o secche. Si osserva un massimo molto poco accentuato nei mesi di maggio, luglio e novembre, ed un minimo altrettanto poco sensibile in gennaio e febbraio. La nevosità media annua è intorno ai 71 cm.
Nel dicembre 2013, la Rogers Communications annunciò un contratto di 10 anni sul nome della nuova arena, che si sarebbe poi chiamata Rogers Place. L'impianto di Edmonton diventa così il quarto edificio canadese contrassegnato dal nome Rogers dopo il Rogers Centre di Toronto, la Rogers Arena di Vancouver e il Rogers K-Rock Center di Kingston.
Nel 2002 è protagonista della commedia romantica 40 giorni & 40 notti e nel 2003 nella commedia poliziesca Hollywood Homicide al fianco di Harrison Ford. Nel 2004 è protagonista del drammatico Appuntamento a Wicker Park di Paul McGuigan. Nel 2005 recita nel kolossal di Robert Rodriguez, Sin City, al fianco di star del calibro di Bruce Willis, Mickey Rourke, Clive Owen, Benicio del Toro, Brittany Murphy e Jessica Alba. Sempre nel 2005 recita il ruolo di un ragazzo con la sindrome di Asperger nella commedia romantica Crazy in Love.
3 Gündüz, 4 Granit, 5 Seldüz, 6 Demir, 7 Uras, 8 Sevin, 9 Gülçelik, 10 Barokas, 11 Partener, 12 Göreç, 13 Yalım, 14 Diyarbakırlı, All. Samim GöreçFIBA EuroBasket 1955
Romanzi e racconti, 3 voll., introduzione e nota bio-bibliografica di Claudio Magris, traduzioni di Carlo Pinelli, Alberto Spaini, Giorgio Vigolo, Einaudi, Torino, 1969.
Nel corso della serata, che si è conclusa con uno spettacolo pirotecnico, si sono esibiti i cantanti italiani Andrea Bocelli e Elisa, la canadese Avril Lavigne nel quadro dedicato al paese sede dei prossimi Giochi, e Ricky Martin.
3 Gündüz, 4 Granit, 5 Seldüz, 6 Tezol, 7 Uras, 9 Gülçelik, 10 Yalım, 11 Partener, 12 Dinçer, 14 Diyarbakırlı, 15 Ülmen, 16 Alkan, All. Elliott Van Zandt
Il 27 dicembre 2011 viene pubblicato Hang It Up, singolo che anticipa l'uscita del secondo album del duo. Il secondo album Sounds from Nowheresville viene pubblicato il 24 febbraio 2012 nel Regno Unito e il 6 marzo 2012 in Italia.
Nel 1880 Mikulicz diventa professore di chirurgia inizialmente all'Università di Cracovia (1882) e successivamente nell'Università di Königsberg (1887) e infine di Breslavia (dal 1890). È durante questo periodo che si delineano le attività chirurgiche che avrebbe successivamente compiuto per tutta la sua vita: in generale si dedica allo studio dell'endoscopia gastrointestinale e in particolare propone i primi modelli di esofagoscopi e gastroscopi.
I XX Giochi olimpici invernali si sono tenuti a Torino dal 10 al 26 febbraio 2006. Le gare si sono svolte sia a Torino sia in altre otto località del Piemonte. Dal 10 al 19 marzo si sono tenuti, nella stessa sede, i IX Giochi Paralimpici invernali.Precedentemente altre due città italiane erano state sedi di manifestazioni olimpiche: Cortina d'Ampezzo nel 1956 con i VII Giochi olimpici invernali e Roma nel 1960 con i Giochi della XVII Olimpiade.
Vi abitò Aristotele, che dopo la morte del padre vi fu educato da Prosseno di Atarneo, suo zio o cognato, e che vi tornò brevemente dopo aver lasciato l'Accademia platonica verso il 347 a.C. sposandovi la sorella (o nipote) di Ermia, Pizia.
Belén e i suoi orfani celebrano una festa nella loro strada, il "Pasaje del Sauce", ma viene rovinata da una persona sconosciuta. Nell'orfanotrofio arrivano sei nuovi orfani: Patricio, Martina, Micaela, Nacho, Catalina e Luna.
La stagione 1939-1940 della American Basketball League fu la 13ª nella storia della lega. Vinsero il titolo i Philadelphia Sphas, al quarto successo della loro storia.
Concentrare le vetrerie a Murano servì alla Serenissima, gelosa di un'arte che l'aveva resa celebre in tutto il mondo sin dalle origini, a controllarne meglio l'attività. I mastri vetrai erano obbligati a vivere sull'isola e non potevano lasciare Venezia senza un permesso speciale. Molti tuttavia riuscirono a fuggire, esportando all'estero le loro celebri tecniche. La più importante crisi che colpì l'industria fu quella del XV secolo, quando si cominciò la fabbricazione dei cristalli di Boemia, forse ispirati agli stessi vetri di Murano. Venezia ne uscì, specie da quando il vetro fu utilizzato per la realizzazione di lampadari, tutt'oggi tra i manufatti più noti di Murano.
Right Now è una canzone jazz/pop con un tempo veloce con la musica di Herbie Mann. Come strumentale jazz, è il titolo del brano di Right Now, un album del 1962 in stile Bossa Nova di Mann. Successivamente, nello stesso anno, con i testi di Sigman, la canzone è diventata popolare col cantante jazz Mel Tormé sull'album Comin' Home Baby! ed è stato il lato B del singolo con la title track.
Lanza B. & Corti C., 1996. Evolution of the knowledge on the Italian herpetofauna during the 20th century. Boll. Mus. Civ. St. nat. Verona, 20: 373-436.
La guerra di secessione americana, combattuta tra il 1861 e il 1865, interessò la città di New York provocando divisioni fra la popolazione (a causa della presenza di interessi contrapposti) che culminarono nei disordini del 1863 Dopo la guerra New York si riprese rapidamente: l'immigrazione, diminuita negli anni della guerra, aumentò nuovamente fino a punte elevatissime. New York aveva assunto il ruolo di "porta" degli Stati Uniti, riconosciuto ufficialmente con la donazione, da parte della Francia, della Statua della Libertà (inaugurata nel 1886).
Il 1939, appena prima dello scoppio della seconda guerra mondiale, Moto Guzzi presenta l'Airone 250, una moto di notevole successo tanto da raggiungere i 29.926 esemplari costruiti. Con la guerra la produzione è quasi totalmente rivolta al mercato militare fornendo diversi modelli al Regio Esercito, come l'Alce, il Trialce e l'Airone militare.
Per i XX Giochi olimpici invernali, furono utilizzati i seguenti impianti sportivi. Alcune strutture vennero realizzate in modo temporaneo per ospitare alcune delle gare in programma. La capacità degli impianti permanenti, realizzati per le olimpiadi o ristrutturati per l'evento e a tutt'oggi funzionanti, è riferita alla capienza del periodo olimpico e non a quella attuale che potrebbe aver subito variazioni.
Nel romanzo Ci proteggerà la neve della scrittrice Rita Sepetys, una delle protagoniste, Emilia, si ricorda del motto Per aspera ad astri mentre fugge come profuga polacca dall'avanzata russa verso il nord della Germania.
Per quanto riguarda i cartoni animati, Futurama è ambientato in una sorta di New York futuristica mentre ne I Simpson e ne I Griffin sono presenti solo alcuni episodi ambientati a New York. Inoltre il recente film Disney Zootropolis è ambientato in una città (Zootropolis, appunto) che è palesemente ispirata a New York sia come luoghi,sia come suddivisione in distretti che come stile di vita.
Fra i telefilm polizieschi ambientati a New York si annoverano: CSI: New York, Castle, Senza Traccia, Law & Order, Law & Order - Unità vittime speciali, Law & Order: Criminal Intent, White Collar, Elementary, Third Watche Blue Bloods.
Spadafora è dotata di una stazione ferroviaria realizzata ex novo nel 2009 contestualmente alla modifica del tracciato della linea Palermo-Messina.
Inoltre, la frase è citata anche nell'albo speciale di Tex del 2005, scritto da Gianfranco Manfredi e disegnato da Miguel Angel Repetto, intitolato La pista degli agguati.
Dopo aver completato gli studi, nel 1997 iniziò a recitare con la Youth Performance Company di Minneapolis, quindi frequentò anche la SUNY di New York dove non restò a lungo e preferì infatti trasferirsi in California sperando in maggiori opportunità professionali.
La sua chirurgia si può definire "scientifica" per diverse ragioni: poiché, spinto dai progressi di altri Autori in campo batteriologico, egli rese scientifici i concetti di antisepsi e asepsi, fino ad allora empirici.
Nel giugno 1991 con un debutto dal vivo a Amsterdam, i Matia Bazar presentano la "nuova" formazione con Laura solista, davanti a oltre 20.000 olandesi. Nello stesso anno esce il primo album del rinnovato gruppo, intitolato Anime pigre, in cui già si traccia la svolta verso un genere più graffiante e moderno. Tra i brani dell'album spicca Si può ricominciare.
4 Balbay, 5 Mutaf, 6 Ermiş, 7 Hersek, 8 Batuk, 9 Türkyılmaz, 10 Nalga, 11 Savaş, 12 Bayav, 13 Mahmutoğlu, 14 Kılıçlı, 15 Çetin, All. Bogdan Tanjević
All'interno della fabbrica vi è il Museo Moto Guzzi, aperto al pubblico che espone la maggior parte dei modelli creati dalla Guzzi e non più in commercio, più alcuni modelli prototipo creati in poche copie e mai usciti dallo stabilimento per il grande pubblico, oltre alla GP, dalle iniziali di Guzzi e Parodi prodotta nel 1919 prima della nascita della Società Anonima Moto Guzzi. Inoltre sono presenti altri usi del motore a V Guzzi come quello nel settore aereo.
Il sistema di trasporto locale è basato principalmente sulla metropolitana (subway), il mezzo più rapido per spostarsi in città. La rete, che è molto estesa (1142 km e 472 stazioni), è caratterizzata dalla presenza sia di treni locali (fermano in tutte le stazioni), che treni espressi (fermano solo nelle stazioni principali).
Il film è stato presentato in anteprima al South by Southwest Film Festival. Ha avuto una distribuzione limitata nelle sale cinematografiche statunitensi il 30 marzo 2016, per poi avere un'ampia distribuzione dall'8 aprile dello stesso anno.
Per quanto riguarda le moto di produzione, nel mese di luglio 2006 viene organizzata una riedizione del raid a Capo Nord compiuto da Giuseppe Guzzi nel 1928. Questa volta partono per Capo Nord quattordici Norge 1200 che percorreranno il tragitto in 6 tappe, raggiungendo la meta il 29 luglio. L'impresa vuole rilanciare in grande stile il nuovo modello nel settore del gran turismo, mantenendo vivo il legame con la storia del marchio dell'Aquila.
Fu Natalie Portman, nel 2005, a regalare una copia del romanzo a Lana Wachowski, che si interessa subito alla storia e in un anno scrive la prima bozza di sceneggiatura assieme al fratello.
Nel 2013 riesce anche nella sua prima difesa del titolo nel rematch contro Antonio Silva, incontro vinto agevolmente per KO tecnico nel primo round.
New York è anche un importante centro per i media non commerciali. Il più antico canale televisivo ad accesso pubblico negli Stati Uniti è Manhattan Neighborhood Network, fondato nel 1971. WNET è la stazione principale della città televisione pubblica e una fonte primaria per il National Public Broadcasting Service (PBS). WNYC è una stazione radio pubblica, fino al 1997 di proprietà comunale, possiede il più vasto pubblico radiofonico negli Stati Uniti.
Tarcisio Burgnich (Ruda, 25 aprile 1939) è un ex allenatore di calcio ed ex calciatore italiano, di ruolo difensore, campione d'Europa nel 1968 e vice-campione del mondo nel 1970 con la nazionale italiana.
Katie White era un componente della girl band TKO (band di supporto dei 5ive), mentre Jules De Martino faceva parte dei Babakoto con cui aveva prodotto anche un singolo. I due musicisti si incontrano nel 2006 ed insieme suonano nei club inglesi finché non vengono notati dall'etichetta discografica locale Switchflicker, con cui pubblicano due singoli: That's Not My Name e Fruit Machine.
Nel 2005 New York ha fatto registrare il più basso tasso di criminalità tra le 25 più grandi città degli Stati Uniti, dopo aver trascorso un periodo di picco della criminalità tra il 1980 e l'inizio del 1990, a causa dell'epidemia del crack che ha interessato molti quartieri. Nel 2002, New York ha avuto circa il tasso di criminalità di Provo, nello Utah, ed è stata classificata 197ª sulle 216 città degli Stati Uniti con una popolazione superiore ai 100.000 abitanti. I crimini violenti a New York sono diminuiti di oltre il 75% dal 1993 al 2005 e hanno continuato a diminuire anche nei periodi in cui la nazione, nel suo complesso, ha visto un aumento. Nel 2005, il tasso di omicidi era al suo livello più basso dal 1966, e nel 2007 la città ha registrato meno di 500 omicidi, la prima volta da quando le statistiche sulla criminalità avevano iniziato ad essere pubblicate nel 1963. Il 95,1% di tutte le vittime di omicidio e il 95,9% di tutte le vittime delle sparatorie di New York sono afroamericani o ispanici, come lo sono il 90,2% degli arrestati per omicidio e il 96,7% degli arrestati in generale.I sociologi e criminologi non hanno raggiunto un consenso su ciò che spiega la forte diminuzione del tasso di criminalità nella città. Alcuni attribuiscono il fenomeno alle nuove tattiche usate dal New York City Police Department, tra cui l'uso della CompStat e la teoria delle finestre rotte. Altri sostengono che sia stata la fine dell'epidemia di crack e i cambiamenti demografici.La criminalità organizzata è stata a lungo associata alla città di New York, a cominciare dai Forty Thieves e le Roach Guards di Five Points del 1820. Il XX secolo ha visto un aumento della mafia dominata dalle cinque famiglie che sono l'organizzazione criminale più grande e potente della città. Gang come i Black Spades sono cresciute nel tardo XX secolo. Già nel 1850, New York, registrava più di 200 guerre combattute in gran parte delle bande giovanili. Le bande più importanti di New York sono i Bloods, i Crips, i Latin Kings e gli MS-13.
Il film è rimasto per moltissimo tempo avvolto nel mistero più totale. A dicembre 2011 è stata pubblicata la prima foto ritraente le sorelle Wachowski e Tom Tykwer insieme a degli oggetti di scena utilizzati nelle sei storie del film. A seguire sono stati pubblicati degli artwork e un'immagine di Bae Doona nelle vesti del clone Sonmi~451. Dopo molti mesi di totale silenzio, interrotti da sporadiche interviste a Hugh Grant e Hugo Weaving, il 25 luglio 2012 sono state pubblicate due foto ufficiali a cui ne sono seguite altre.
Lo stabilimento di produzione è a Mandello del Lario (LC) in via E.V. Parodi 57. Al suo interno nel 1950 è nata la prima galleria del vento per ricerche aerodinamiche per le moto.
Uno dei suoi primi ruoli importanti è quello di Danny Walker nel film campione d'incassi Pearl Harbor del 2001 con Ben Affleck e Kate Beckinsale. Sempre nel 2001 recita nel film drammatico O come Otello al fianco di Julia Stiles, il film è una rivisitazione in chiave moderna dell'Otello di Shakespeare, e in seguito nel film d'azione Black Hawk Down con Ewan McGregor.
Il 22 ottobre 2010 viene distribuito alle radio il singolo Gli occhi caldi di Sylvie (musica di Piero Cassano e Fabio Perversi, testo di Adelio Cogliati e Giancarlo Golzi arrangiamento di Fabio Perversi), subito diffuso e richiesto con grande frequenza. Dal 1º novembre, la canzone viene resa disponibile per il download sui principali negozi digitali. Il 31 ottobre il gruppo partecipa alla trasmissione televisiva Domenica in su Rai Uno, ufficializzando la "reunion" con Silvia Mezzanotte e promuovendo il singolo.
Teheran, dal 2005Nel 2006 tuttavia il Sister City Program cittadino è stato riformato e rinominato New York City Global Partners. Allo stesso tempo è stato ulteriormente ampliato il raggio d'azione internazionale, con l'entrata nel progetto da parte di molte altre città mondiali.
Queens ospita l'US Open, uno dei quattro tornei annuali del Grande Slam.; è lo stadio da tennis più grande del mondo. Qui si affrontano grandi giocatori come Djokovic, Murray, Federer, Wawrinka, Nishikori e moltissimi altri. La Maratona di New York è una delle più grandi del mondo, e nel periodo 2004-2006, faceva parte delle prime tre maratone con il maggior numero di partecipanti, 37.866 atleti al traguardo nel 2006. La boxe è riveste un ruolo importante nella scena sportiva della città, con eventi come il dilettante guantoni da boxe d'oro detenuti al Madison Square Garden di ogni anno.Molti sport sono associati con le comunità di immigrati di New York. Lo Stickball, una versione stradale del baseball, è stato reso popolare da alcuni giovani nel 1930. Una strada nel Bronx è stata rinominata Stickball Blvd, come tributo allo sport strada più famoso di New York.
L'obiettivo del gioco è l'assemblaggio di molecole partendo dagli atomi elementari basandosi sulla reale composizione di una determinata molecola, che viene mostrata in ogni livello.
Tra le donne invece emerge Steffi Graf, che inaugurerà il suo straordinario 1988, in cui realizzerà il cosiddetto Grande Slam d'oro: il Grande Slam più la medaglia d'oro olimpica, battendo in finale Chris Evert. L'americana, prossima al ritiro, raggiunge così il record di sei partecipazioni agli Australian Open con altrettante finali con due vittorie e quattro sconfitte.
Prima dell'avvento di Napoleone Bonaparte, nell'isola si contavano diciotto tra parrocchie, monasteri e conventi. Oggi rimangono solamente tre chiese funzionanti (Santa Maria e Donato, San Pietro Martire, Santa Maria Degli Angeli), mentre sono visibili i resti di alcune altre chiese come Santa Chiara, San Maffio e Santo Stefano. A queste si aggiunge l'oratorio dei Santi Giuseppe e Teresa, annesso ospizio Briati.
Anche Newark Liberty ha un sistema Airtrain che si collega alla stazione "Newark Airport" del treno (linee New Jersey Transit). Da lì si raggiunge Penn Station a Manhattan in circa 30 minuti.
Armin Zöggeler (Italia, slittino singolo) diventa il primo atleta azzurro in assoluto a vincere 4 medaglie in quattro Olimpiadi consecutive (bronzo a Lillehammer, argento a Nagano, oro a Salt Lake City e a Torino).
Uno di questi modelli, rosso per la cronaca e con un piccolo segno di urto su una valigia procurato appunto durante il raid, vola in Inghilterra, vinto durante le GMG 2006 da una fortunata Guzzista inglese. Durante appunto le GMG 2006 si raggiunge lo storico risultato di 15.000 iscritti, e sapendo evidentemente che non tutti i presenti si sono iscritti, per la comunità mandellese è stata una grande invasione di guzzisti. Le GMG 2006 hanno veramente messo in luce il vero rilancio della casa dell'Aquila.
In televisione è stata Mara Sciacca nelle serie televisive di Rai 3 La squadra e La nuova squadra e nel 1992 è tra gli interpreti del film Il ladro di bambini di Gianni Amelio.
Combatte nella divisione dei pesi massimi per la promozione statunitense UFC, nella quale è stato campione di categoria dal 2012 al 2015; in precedenza era già stato campione dei pesi massimi UFC tra il 2010 e il 2011; è nota la sua trilogia di incontri per il titolo contro il brasiliano Junior Dos Santos e ha fatto da allenatore nella stagione latinoamericana del reality show The Ultimate Fighter.
Il progetto originale di "Elvengamello", ideato e prodotto nel '97 (con la partecipazione, tra gli altri, del regista Pupi Avati, dell'attore Philippe Leroy, del produttore cinematografico Walter Saxer e del compositore Salvatore Sciarrino) è il primo della serie.
Mikulicz convince un promettente internista tedesco a partecipare alla fondazione di un periodico interdisciplinare in cui fa emergere il suo approccio fisiologico alla chirurgia: questo gli conferisce un maggior riconoscimento da parte dell'Inghilterra piuttosto che dalla Germania.
Per la produzione della Cerimonia l'organizzazione si è avvalsa di una struttura di 280 persone di produzione, 6100 volontari, 400 persone di cast.
Esistono molte cover di questa canzone, tra cui una di Mina, inclusa in Finalmente ho conosciuto il conte Dracula del 1985. Una delle più particolari è sicuramente quella di John Frusciante, ex chitarrista dei Red Hot Chili Peppers, che si diletta spesso a suonarla in versione acustica.
Proveniente da una famiglia di pastori e di avvocati, figlio di un pastore luterano, Christoph-Ludwig Hoffmann (1736-1797), avvocato di Königsberg, poeta e compositore nel tempo libero, sposa nel 1767 sua cugina Luise Albertine Doerffer (1748-1796), dalla quale avrà tre figli: Johann Ludwig, nato nel 1773 e morto dopo il 1822; Carl Wilhelm Phillip, nato nel 1773 e morto bambino; Ernest Theodor Wilhelm nato nel 1776 in una casa ai piedi del vecchio castello. Nel 1776 la coppia si separa. Il padre si trasferisce poco dopo ad Insterburg in Lituania minore, portando con sé il figlio maggiore; morirà qualche anno dopo nel 1797.
Fece pratica in Yemen, e risulta aver scritto un libro dal titolo Dialoghi sulla medicina. Fu medico capo ed insegnante all'Accademia di of Gundishapur in Persia.
Fu tra i primi domini di Casa Savoia, insieme alla Tarentaise e alla Maurienne, nel X secolo. La Thuile ricoprì uno strategico ruolo militare tra il XVIII e la prima metà del XX secolo, essendo il Colle del Piccolo San Bernardo a guardia del passaggio fra Tarantasia e il Ducato d'Aosta, e dunque importante nei conflitti tra Regno di Francia e Regno di Sardegna (Guerra della Grande Alleanza, Guerra di successione spagnola, Guerra di successione austriaca, Campagna d'Italia della Rivoluzione Francese). La Thuile fu quindi occupata da truppe francesi nel 1704 e poi di nuovo nel 1794.
Nell'album di Franco Battiato Apriti sesamo del 2012 la canzone Caliti Junku riporta, dopo la citazione gluckiana dell'Orfeo ed Euridice ("Che farò senza Euridice?"), le parole "Per aspera ad astra/le asperità conducono alle stelle".
Staten Island (Contea di Richmond, 491.730 abitanti) è un distretto dal carattere residenziale.In ciascun distretto viene eletto un presidente, che però non ha grandi poteri esecutivi (quasi tutti esercitati dal sindaco di New York).
La serata è proseguita con gli elementi tradizionali e protocollari della cerimonia di chiusura: la sfilata delle bandiere delle nazioni partecipanti che ha preceduto l'ingresso informale degli atleti, i discorsi conclusivi e di ringraziamento del presidente del Comitato Organizzatore e del presidente del CIO, il passaggio di consegne da Torino a Vancouver, la città canadese che ospiterà i XXI Giochi olimpici invernali, lo spegnimento del braciere olimpico.
Sempre nel 2009, è diventato per la prima volta padre di una bambina, a cui è stato dato il nome di Nina (in onore di suo padre, nonché del titolo della sua più celebre canzone).
Allenandosi costantemente all'American Kickboxing Academy ha sviluppato un veloce e potente striking, in particolare con i pugni, che combinato con la sua abilità nei takedown forma un gameplan volto a portare l'avversario a subire un ground and pound devastante dal quale diviene molto difficile difendersi.
La collana che indossa Jocasta Ayrs nel 1931 è la stessa che indossa Luisa Rey nel 1975 e la ragazza indiana al party nel 2012 (tutte e tre interpretate da Halle Berry).
Ha lasciato numerose opere anche nella sua città natale: nel duomo, nella cappella del Seminario vescovile, in Santa Maria delle Grazie. Quelle più importanti sono le tele eseguite tra il 1758 e il 1760, per la settecentesca chiesa di San Raffaele Arcangelo, trasportate a Napoli, con altre sue opere, durante il bradisismo del 1983-84.Nel 1769 realizza l'apoteosi di San Francesco nella sagrestia vanvitelliana della basilica santuario di Santa Maria di Pozzano, a Castellammare di Stabia.
Le riprese dell'alto sono state girate al Concord Repatriation General Hospital. Anche il Ku-ring-gai Hospital di Hornsby è stato utilizzato alcune riprese esterne e gli interni, come ad esempio le sale operatorie. In seguito ad un calo di ascolti dopo la morte del dr. Mitch Sevens, interpretato da Erik Thomson, nel 2004 il produttore John Holmes ha dichiarato che alla serie sarebbero stati apportati dei cambiamenti con l'introduzione di nuovi personaggi, spostando le vicende nel Pronto Soccorso. Come conseguenza ai vari cambiamenti, diversi membri del cast hanno deciso di lasciare la serie, tra cui Jenni Baird, Martin Lynes, Fletcher Humphrys e Henry Nixon. John Howard ha firmato un contratto di tre anni e si è unito al cast interpretando il capo del Pronto Soccorso Frank Campion. Altri volti nuovi inclusi Wil Traval, nel ruolo del dottor Jack Quade, e Adrienne Pickering, nei panni dell'infermiera Sophia Beaumont.
L'area dove sorge la città di New York era popolata, precedentemente all'arrivo dei colonizzatori europei, da gruppi di Lenape, una popolazione nativa americana algonchina, che vivevano di agricoltura, caccia e pesca nella zona del basso corso del fiume Hudson e dell'isola di Manhattan. Il primo europeo che si spinse nella zona fu, nel 1524, l'italiano Giovanni da Verrazzano, il quale però, a quanto pare, non proseguì la sua avanzata ma ritornò in Atlantico. La prima esplorazione accurata della zona da parte di un europeo ebbe luogo solo a partire dal 1609, quando Henry Hudson scoprì l'isola di Manhattan proseguendo poi lungo il corso del fiume a cui diede il nome.
Pur se rappresenta uno Stato con territorio in entrambi i continenti di Europa ed Asia, la nazionale della mezzaluna, a partire dal 1936, anno della sua affiliazione alla FIBA, è sempre appartenuta alla sezione della FIBA Europe. La pallacanestro pur essendo uno sport popolare in Turchia non ha raggiunto grandi risultati fino alla fine degli anni novanta quando l'Efes Pilsen ha vinto la coppa Korac. La crescita costante ha portato anche la nazionale ad affermarsi come una delle migliori squadre europee e diversi giocatori sono approdati nella NBA. Ha raggiunto il suo miglior risultato conquistando la medaglia d'argento nei Mondiali 2010 ospitati nella sua nazione, in cui ha vinto tutte le partite fino alla finale persa per 81-64 contro i fortissimi Stati Uniti. Sempre in casa nel 2001 aveva conquistato un argento ai campionati europei.
Nel 1998 prese parte ad alcuni episodi della serie televisiva Cracker e ad alcuni spot televisivi e performance teatrali, prima di entrare nel cast del suo primo film, Halloween - 20 anni dopo, accanto a Jamie Lee Curtis. Recita il ruolo di Trip Fontaine da giovane nel film Il giardino delle vergini suicide del 1999 al fianco di James Woods, Kathleen Turner e Kirsten Dunst. In seguito recita una piccola parte nel film del 2001, Amori in città... e tradimenti in campagna, al fianco di grandi star come Warren Beatty, Diane Keaton, Andie MacDowell e Goldie Hawn.
Nella stagione 1985-1986 tornò alla vittoria con la Coppa del Re, sconfiggendo in semifinale il Real Madrid e in finale il Barcellona per 1-0. Nel 1987 raggiunse le semifinali della Coppa delle Coppe ma fu eliminato dall'Ajax. Seguirono altri tre successi in coppa del Re e la vittoria nella Coppa delle Coppe nel 1994-1995 quando la squadra aragonese batté i campioni in carica dell'Arsenal, in finale a Parigi il 10 maggio 1995, grazie a un gol da centrocampo di Nayim allo scadere dei tempi supplementari. I titolari di quella squadra furono soprannominati "Los Héroes de París". La stagione successiva non fu altrettanto vincente, il Real Saragozza fu sconfitto in Supercoppa UEFA dall'Ajax e fu eliminato ai quarti di finale in Coppa delle Coppe.
Sindaco R., Doria G., Razzetti E. & Bernini F., 2006. Atlante degli Anfibi e dei Rettili d'Italia. Societas Herpetologica Italica - Edizioni Polistampa, Firenze
Il tutto viene riprodotto in gioco tramite una rappresentazione grafica degli atomi(di forma sferica), i quali possono spostarsi secondo 4 direzioni (su, giù, destra, sinistra); il giocatore deve spostare gli atomi così da collegarli secondo lo schema predefinito ottenendo una molecola, a complicare ciò intervengono il tempo limitato e le limitate(dalla chimica reale) possibilità di collegamento per i vari atomi, che non possono venire ruotati. Soprattutto, una volta avviato, il movimento di un atomo si ferma solo nel momento in cui raggiunge una parete o un altro atomo che occlude la sua strada: non può venire interrotto o deviato in altro modo.
3 Böke, 4 Granit, 5 Tanık, 6 Tezol, 7 Erim, 8 Okaya, 9 Gülçelik, 10 Yalım, 11 Karabelen, 12 Dinçer, 13 Erimer, 14 Ertan, 15 Türkoğlu, 16 Alkan, All. Samim GöreçFIBA EuroBasket 1957
Nel 1995 la TransNamib controllava 2.382 km di linee ferroviarie, tutte con scartamento ridotto di 1067 mm. Maggior rilievo aveva in origine il trasporto merci, soprattutto minerali; negli ultimi anni sono state sviluppate nuove linee passeggeri, specialmente nella Namibia settentrionale.
Nel mese di marzo 2007 Colaninno presentò personalmente la nuova Bellagio, all'hotel Villa Serbelloni. Motore da 940 cm³, la Bellagio è una custom con tratti di ciclistica evoluti quanto una naked. Colaninno parla di questa moto, più economica di altre, adatta al mercato americano, in forte crescita. Riesalta in alcuni tratti stilistici la California di cui riprende l'imponente serbatoio. Il Norge 850 andrà a concorrere con Honda per quanto riguarda il settore delle turistiche. Prezzo ribassato, con molti accessori, lo rendono adatto sia per turismo a chi non si sente di cavalcare il 1200, sia per muoversi in città.
Allen negò che il film fosse autobiografico ed espresse rammarico circa il fatto che la maggior parte del pubblico lo avesse interpretato in questo modo. Il film divise ampiamente i fan di Allen e la critica, taluni lo definirono il suo capolavoro, altri il suo peggior film.Stardust Memories debuttò negli Stati Uniti il 26 settembre 1980 circondato da una moltitudine di recensioni negative. Proiettato in 29 cinema, incassò 326 779 dollari (11 268 per sala) nella prima settimana di programmazione. Il film fallì al botteghino, attraendo a lungo andare solo i fan più incalliti di Allen, e totalizzò solo 10 389 003 di dollari prima di essere ritirato definitivamente dalle sale. Gli incassi totali bastarono appena a compensare le spese sostenute per le riprese, ammontate a circa 10 milioni di dollari.Principalmente la critica rimproverò ad Allen di aver ritratto i propri fan e la stampa specializzata in maniera ridicola e grottesca, stigmatizzando inoltre il troppo calligrafico rimando del film al capolavoro di Federico Fellini 8½.
Il Salone di Milano del novembre 2007 è ancora l'occasione per presentare sul mercato le ultime novità. L'attività di sviluppo è frenetica, e porta sul palcoscenico la definitiva Stelvio, equipaggiata col nuovissimo motore 1200 cc ad 8 valvole, ma con una mappatura che privilegia la coppia in basso. Nonostante ciò la potenza massima resta superiore ai 100 CV. Contemporaneamente viene presentata anche la V7 Classic, come dice il nome una moto semplice, dotata del motore da 750 cc e dall'aspetto fortemente tradizionale anche nelle grafiche. Un chiaro rimando ed un omaggio alla progenitrice di tutte le Moto Guzzi moderne, la V7 appunto.
Carmen riesce a chiudere la casa e tutti rimangono senza abitazione. Un uomo di nome Pedro Vega dona il suo palazzo a Belén ed ella costruisce il nuovo orfanotrofio. Nonostante abbia una facciata attraente, i ragazzi scoprono alcuni posti inquietanti pieni di trappole e passaggi segreti, abitati da una donna misteriosa di nome Elena e da sua nipote Lucia. Belen introduce loro alla "Finestra Magica" ("La Ventatina de los Sueños") e allo "Specchio della magia", in cui bisogna guardare con un solo occhio e i propri sogni si realizzano. Dopo un ristrutturamento della casa, il Tribunale dei minori permette ai orfani di vivere all'interno. Abitare con Elena diventerà molto difficile in quanto vuole che i bambini se ne vadano dalla casa. Col tempo, invece, la nipote diventerà parte della famiglia.
L'ultimo tedoforo è stata la fondista Stefania Belmondo, l'atleta italiana che ha vinto il maggior numero di medaglie olimpiche (10), che ha dato il via all'accensione del braciere olimpico, disegnato come la torcia da Pininfarina. La struttura, alta 57 metri, è il braciere più alto utilizzato finora nella storia dei Giochi Olimpici.
Ha aperto il dialogo anche con i leader religiosi orientali degli indù e dei buddisti. La conferenza della Mecca ha discusso un documento sul dialogo con i monoteisti presentato dallo sceicco Hasan Badrul Al Qasimi. La sessione è stata presieduta da Ezz Eddin Ibrahim, consigliere culturale del presidente degli Emirati Arabi Uniti. La sessione ha anche discusso un documento sul coordinamento tra le istituzioni islamiche sul dialogo presentato da Abd Allah bin Omar Nassif, segretario generale del Consiglio islamico mondiale per la predicazione e il soccorso e una carta sul dialogo con messaggi divini, presentata dal professor Mohammad Sammak, segretario generale del summit spirituale islamico in Libano.
Ricevuto l'incarico di decorare una chiesa (tema che svilupperà nel racconto La chiesa dei gesuiti di G.), diventa amico di un pittore italiano, Aloys Molinari (1775-1853), che lo introduce ai segreti della sua arte e gli ispira la nostalgia del sud, e in particolare dell'Italia, che si rifletterà in numerosi suoi scritti. Si fidanza anche con una cugina, Wilhelmina Doerffer, detta Mina, e sembra accettare un matrimonio di convenienza. Tuttavia, appena passa il suo esame di guardasigilli, nell'estate del 1798, viene a sapere che suo zio è stato nominato consigliere intimo alla corte d'appello a Berlino. Felice di scappare da Glogau, parte con lui, occupando la funzione di guardasigilli alla corte d'appello, e prepara l'esame di assessore.
La città ha due squadre che partecipano al campionato di basket promosso dalla National Basketball Association, i Brooklyn Nets e i New York Knicks, mentre le New York Liberty giocano nel campionato femminile, la WNBA. Il primo campionato di college basket a livello nazionale, il National Invitation Tournament, si tenne a New York nel 1938 (un anno prima della nascita del torneo NCAA) e le finali vengono giocate al Madison Square Garden.Nel calcio, New York è rappresenta nella Major League Soccer dai New York Red Bulls e la nuova franchigia New York City FC e dai New York Cosmos nella NASL. I Red Bulls giocano le partite casalinghe alla Red Bull Arena, nei pressi di Harrison, New Jersey., mentre i Cosmos giocano ad Hempstead nella contea di Nassau.
Nel 1963 fu nominato comandante della Guardia Nazionale. Questo ruolo gli permise di consolidare la sua posizione nella famiglia reale. Questa forza militare, sorta dalle ceneri della fratellanza militare degli Ikhwan si ammodernò sotto il suo comando. A partire dal 1985, ha sponsorizzato anche il festival Janadiriyah che istituzionalizza le danze tradizionali popolari, le corse dei cammelli e il patrimonio tribale.
Verso la fine degli anni ottanta il gruppo si rivolge al mercato igienico-sanitario. Nel 1988 si ha l'acquisizione dello stabilimento di Diecimo, dedito alla produzione di carta tissue e alla sua trasformazione (carta igienica, asciugatutto, tovaglioli, asciugamani). Cinque anni dopo l'azienda si espande anche in Francia, dove viene fondata Cartiera Lucchese France: la società ha lo scopo di gestire i clienti francesi.
Dopo il conflitto, nel 1946, la società diventa Moto Guzzi S.p.A. e al fine di conquistare nuove tipologie di clienti, la ditta costruisce il suo primo motore a 2 tempi, il Guzzino 65, progettato da Antonio Micucci e di cui, solo nei primi tre anni vengono costruiti 50.000 esemplari. Questa moto leggera viene prodotta negli anni cinquanta col nome di Cardellino e cilindrata portata infine a 73 cm³. Interessante veicolo economico e robusto, era caratterizzato da un trave diagonale del telaio che dall'asse di sterzo correva diagonalmente fino al fulcro del forcellone in lamiera stampata, sulla cui intersezione erano installate due piccole molle con funzione ammortizzante. Il motore risultava così appeso esteriormente al trave diagonale.
Nel 1962, voluto da Helenio Herrera o da Italo Allodi secondo altre fonti, passa all'Inter in cambio di 100 milioni di lire. Come capitò durante la sua permanenza alla Juventus, vinse lo scudetto alla prima stagione con la nuova squadra, pur essendo penalizzato dal dover svolgere il servizio militare a Bologna, con il grado di caporale, cosa che lo costringeva a saltare durante il suo primo campionato diversi allenamenti con il club lombardo. Con i nerazzurri ha totalizzato 467 presenze in gare ufficiali, vincendo in dodici anni quattro scudetti, due Coppe dei Campioni e due Coppe Intercontinentali, diventando uno dei calciatori più decisivi per i successi della squadra, dapprima come terzino destro e poi, con risultati altrettanto buoni, nel ruolo di libero. Al termine della stagione 1964-1965, il settimanale "Il calcio e il ciclismo illustrato" lo indicò, con Giacinto Facchetti, come miglior terzino d'ala del campionato.
4 Uyguç, 6 Tezol, 7 Erim, 8 Urkon, 9 Baturalp, 10 Salnur, 11 Karabelen, 12 Büyükaycan, 13 Yalçıner, 14 Demir, 15 Kazaz, 16 Kaplanoğlu, All. Samim GöreçFIBA EuroBasket 1961
Su tale passo (a 2188 m s.l.m.) si trovano infatti segni della presenza dei Salassi, popolazione pre-romana di origine celtica, che hanno lasciato il cromlech del Piccolo San Bernardo.
Verso la fine dei suoi due mandati, l'11 settembre 2001 la città di New York fu coinvolta negli attentati più violenti e sanguinosi della sua storia: quattro aerei di linea vennero dirottati da alcuni terroristi legati all'organizzazione islamica Al-Qaida, e due di questi vennero fatti schiantare su ciascuna delle due Torri Gemelle del World Trade Center, causandone il crollo in meno di due ore.
I giorni 6 e 7 marzo 2006 sono giorni in cui il nome Moto Guzzi torna finalmente e clamorosamente ad essere riscritto negli annali delle competizioni internazionali. In quei giorni il pilota Gianfranco Guareschi, detto Il Guaro, in sella ad una Moto Guzzi MGS-01 Corsa, vince le due manche della BOT-Battle of Twins della "Daytona Speed Week" davanti ad oltre 80.000 spettatori nella categoria Formula 1 (che non prevede limiti di cilindrata o modifiche). Non contenti di queste due storiche affermazioni, il "Guaro" e la sua MGS-01 partecipano anche alla gara della categoria Sound of Thunder che ammette anche la partecipazione di moto della classe Superbike, classificandosi secondi. Nello stesso anno questa accoppiata si aggiudica anche il Trofeo Supertwins italiano, al termine di una stagione ricca di vittorie, nonostante la MGS-01 Corsa venga a trovarsi di fronte a moto di ben 50–60 kg più leggere, facendo valere il suo perfetto bilanciamento telaistico ed il suo motore che, per quanto meno potente della concorrenza, è dotato di una coppia e di una progressione eccezionali.
A febbraio del 2016 avrebbe dovuto affrontare nuovamente Werdum per riconquistare il titolo perso, all'evento UFC 196. Tuttavia, il 23 gennaio Velasquez dovette rinunciare al match per un infortunio alla schiena, al suo posto venne inserito Stipe Miocic. Il giorno seguente, anche Werdum annunciò il suo infortunio, portando la UFC a cancellare momentaneamente l'evento che divenne giusto appunto un evento Fight Night.
In virtù della sua capacità di arginare anche gli attaccanti più pericolosi, è stato definito da Mario Sconcerti il più grande «difensore classico» della storia del calcio italiano.
Nel gennaio 2011, re Abd Allah ha promosso la creazione di un mercato comune arabo. Il ministro degli affari esteri saudita, Sa'ud bin Faysal, ha dichiarato che l'unione doganale araba sarebbe stata pronta entro il 2015 mentre per il mercato comune arabo si sarebbe dovuto attendere il 2017. Ci sono stati intensi sforzi per collegare i paesi arabi con un sistema ferroviario e una rete di energia elettrica. Il lavoro sul progetto della rete elettrica è già iniziato in alcuni paesi arabi.
Nel 1958 la Moto Guzzi realizza, per la prima volta al mondo, un motore con la canna del cilindro cromata. Questa innovazione troverà la prima applicazione sul modello Zigolo.
Si allungano in direzione ovest-est per circa 370 chilometri, con una larghezza che oscilla da 50 a 120 chilometri; la quota media si aggira intorno ai 150-200 metri, mentre la massima elevazione è 367.Nella regione delle alture del Donec si trovano estesi giacimenti di carbone, che hanno favorito la nascita e lo sviluppo di numerose città industriali sia in Ucraina che, in misura minore, in Russia; fra i maggiori centri urbani, si ricordano Šachty in Russia, Donec'k, Luhans'k e Gorlovka in Ucraina.
Miranda Bonansea in: Athena e le sette sorelle, Crociera di lusso, Due settimane d'amore, Sette spose per sette fratelli, Amore provinciale, Sua Altezza si sposa, Vacanze al Messico, Mamma non ti sposare, Così sono le donne, Tutti in coperta
La Pass' Pitchü, festa della riapertura del Colle del Piccolo San Bernardo dopo la chiusura invernale, organizzata a turno da La Thuile e dal comune di Séez.
Le antilopi quadricorne sono sedentarie e possono formare dei territori; durante la stagione degli amori i maschi tendono a divenire molto aggressivi nei confronti di altri maschi. Sebbene molta gente dica che siano animali muti, si possono udire sia quando emettono un richiamo di allarme che quando comunicano con i conspecifici. Il richiamo risuona come un rauco «phronk».
Come singolo estivo viene scelto invece Ti sento, con il quale il gruppo, già famoso in vari paesi del mondo, si affermerà definitivamente a livello internazionale. Il brano viene inciso in diverse lingue e, con titolo I Feel You, avrà un rinnovato successo anche in Italia, grazie a un sound d'avanguardia che miscela le tastiere elettroniche ai sintetizzatori. Ti sento diventa un classico del gruppo ligure e una delle canzoni più conosciute degli anni ottanta.
Arıboğan, Aydan, Bayav, Büyükeycan, Ene, Kunter, Oktay, Oyguç, Özal, Topsakal, Turam, Yörükoğlu, All. Aydan SiyavuşPallacanestro maschile ai XV Giochi del Mediterraneo
Il Diano avviò all'arte diversi allievi, tra i quali primeggiò Gaetano Gigante, capostipite della famosa famiglia di pittori della Scuola di Posillipo, che ebbe in Giacinto Gigante il maggiore e più noto esponente. A quest'ultimo fu imposto il nome Giacinto, proprio in omaggio al maestro puteolano.
Nel 2012 è stato intrapreso un progetto di ristrutturazione e riconversione della ex-chiesa di Santa Chiara a Murano con l'intenzione di creare uno spazio per far assistere alla lavorazione del vetro.
Nel marzo 1975, re Khalid ha nominato Abd Allah secondo vice primo ministro, mettendolo di fatto al secondo posto nella linea di successione al trono dell'Arabia Saudita. In altre parole, dopo questa nomina, è diventato il numero tre dell'amministrazione del regno. Tuttavia, questo ha causato attriti nella Casa di Sa'ud. L'allora principe ereditario Fahd, assieme ai suoi fratelli germani, conosciuti come "Sette Sudairi" sostenevano la nomina del proprio appartenente, Sultan. Il principe Abd Allah è stato messo sotto pressione per cedere il controllo della Guardia Nazionale in cambio della sua nomina nell'esecutivo. Nel mese di agosto del 1977, questo ha causato un dibattito tra centinaia di principi a Riyad. Abd Allah non ha però abbandonato la guida della forza armata temendo di perdere potere ed influenza.
La soluzione dell'educazione dei due ragazzi riottosi viene suggerita da Panse, il padre di Wilhelm, che manda il figlio alla NPEA, la Nationalpolitische Erziehungsanstalt (Istituto di rieducazione nazionale). Ma anche lì Johannes incontra dei grossi problemi di integrazione. Fino a quando il capo plotone, il dottor Angermann, scopre la sua passione per la musica e lo porta a credere nei nuovi valori della Germania nazista. Così, quando la zia con Pedro, il fidanzato, gli chiede di venire con loro in Argentina, Johannes rifiuta.
Nel 1971 viene presentata la V7 Sport, progettata da Lino Tonti, una moto sportiva destinata ad entrare nella storia per le caratteristiche dinamiche dell'accoppiata motore-telaio e per essere l'unica moto di serie, nel panorama mondiale dell'epoca, a superare i 200 km/h. Per il mercato americano vengono approntate le versioni Special, California, Ambassador.
Intanto la sorella più grossa, la Norge 1200, vince il premio moto dell'anno nel settore delle granturismo, e terza piazza per la 1200 Sport nel settore delle moto stradali. Un ottimo risultato che premia tutta la "squadra", dal reparto motori al reparto progettazione.
Già con l'assegnazione dei Giochi del 2002 a Salt Lake City, tuttavia, si percepì la volontà del Comitato Olimpico di modificare il "modello Lillehammer", ritenuto ormai superato. Il progetto col quale Torino vinse le Olimpiadi del 2006, nel 1999, andava proprio in questa rivoluzionaria direzione: il concetto preso in esame non era più quello dei Giochi confinati in comprensori sciistici e lontani dalle grandi masse della popolazione locale, ma piuttosto quello di aprire l'evento, rendendolo il più possibile accessibile al maggior numero di persone. Per realizzare questa visione, gli impianti vennero suddivisi accuratamente tra la città di Torino e le località montane della Val di Susa: nella grande città vennero ospitati tutti gli sport tipicamente indoor (come hockey e pattinaggio di figura), in montagna quelli outdoor.Il modello, già realizzato in sporadiche edizioni precedenti (come ad esempio Calgary 1988), divenne molto celebre dopo Torino 2006 e venne, e viene tuttora, ripreso dalle edizioni successive dei Giochi, basti pensare a Vancouver 2010, Sochi 2014 e a Beijing (Pechino) 2022.
La Yan lascia la serie alla fine della quarta stagione e la trama fu rinnovata. I protagonisti diventarono Grecia Colmenares e Marcela Kloosterboer e alcuni attori del cast secondario cambiarono di ruolo come Guillermo Santa Cruz e Camila Bordonaba.
Annualmente venivano svolte delle presentazioni al Teatro Gran Rex. Lo spettacolo era diretto e scritto da Cris Morena. Il cast era composto dallo stesso della stagione televisiva di quell'anno. Durante una presentazione della quinta stagione, ci fu un corto circuito che ha distrutto una parte dello scenario. Gran Rex non restituì i soldi agli spettatori.
Il primo album dei Militia, intitolato Dunarobba, vende oltre 2000 copie in tutto il mondo e raccoglie importanti consensi tra gli addetti ai lavori: la rivista britannica Audion, l'italiana Rockerilla e numerose tra fanzines ed emittenti radiofoniche indipendenti (Italia, Francia, Grecia, U.S.A.) lo segnalano tra i “dischi dell'anno”; autorevoli personaggi del mondo musicale come i The Residents e Richard Sinclair (dei Caravan) ne danno sinceri attestati di stima e di apprezzamento; un poll tra i lettori della rivista italiana Rockstar inserisce addirittura il gruppo tra i primi 10 in Italia (sopravanzati in classifica solo da nomi importanti come Litfiba, Stadio, CCCP Fedeli alla linea).
Film propagandistico del nazismo, voluto personalmente da Joseph Goebbels, dopo la guerra venne inserito dagli alleati in una lista di pellicole proibite. Ancora oggigiorno, per vederlo, le proiezioni sono riservate e a porte chiuse.
Nel 2006, in occasione di una serata commemorativa dello storico locale Suburbia, quattordici anni dopo l'ultima apparizione “live”, i Militia sono tornati a suonare in concerto nel quartetto classico eseguendo solo repertorio degli anni '80.
Una risposta negativa al problema venne data da Alonzo Church nel 1936, e da Alan Turing, indipendentemente, pochi mesi dopo, in due lavori che, insieme, costituiscono le basi per la fondazione della teoria della computazione.
Le prime edizioni degli Australasian Championships risentirono della concorrenza degli altri tornei dell'Australasia. Prima del 1905 tutti gli Stati australiani e la Nuova Zelanda disputavano i rispettivi campionati statali: il primo fu organizzato nel 1880 a Melbourne e venne chiamato Championship of the Colony of Victoria (in seguito Championship of Victoria o Victorian Championships). In quegli anni i due giocatori più forti: l'australiano Norman Brookes (il cui nome ora è scritto sulla trofeo del singolare maschile) e il neozelandese Anthony Wilding praticamente non disputarono questo torneo. Brookes l'ha disputato una sola volta e l'ha vinto nel 1911 e Wilding ha partecipato e vinto il torneo per due volte (1906 e 1909). I loro incontri nei Victorian Championships (o a Wimbledon) sono stati i più combattuti e hanno contribuito a considerarli i migliori giocatori dell'Australasia. Anche quando gli Australasian Championships si sono svolti a Hastings, in Nuova Zelanda, nel 1912, Wilding, anche se per tre volte campione di Wimbledon, non tornò nel suo Paese d'origine per disputare il torneo. Questo è stato un problema ricorrente per tutti i giocatori dell'epoca. Brookes si recò solo tre volte in Europa, qui conquistò 2 volte il torneo di Wimbledon e raggiunse una volta il challenge round. Molti giocatori famosi non hanno mai giocato gli Australian Championships, tra questi ci sono: i gemelli William Renshaw ed Ernest Renshaw, i fratelli Reginald Doherty e Laurie Doherty, William Larned, Maurice McLoughlin, Beals Wright, Bill Johnston, Bill Tilden, René Lacoste, Henri Cochet, Bobby Riggs, Jack Kramer, Ted Schroeder, Pancho Gonzales, Budge Patty, Manuel Santana, Jan Kodeš e tanti altri. Mentre Brookes, Ellsworth Vines, Jaroslav Drobný, Manuel Orantes, Ilie Năstase a 35 anni, e Björn Borg hanno partecipato una sola volta.
Pato e Barra si fidanzano, però lui è costretto a partire per New York. Manuel chiede a Belén di sposarla e lei accetta. Alla cerimonia di nozze, Belen racconta che vuole adottare tutti gli orfani. Tuttavia, lei scopre la verità su suo marito: in realtà Manuel è Alejo. Belén si prende cura di Alejo, nonostante non lo perdoni in un principio, che dopo essere stato investito da un'auto rimane invalido per poco tempo. Perde il ruolo di direttrice a causa del matrimonio con Alejo ed è rimpiazzata da Martirio. In un primo momento si rivela dolce con i bimbi, poi inizia a dare punizioni e a maltrattare i bambini. Martirio si impone all'adozione di Belén dei ragazzi e cerca ad ogni modo di ostacolare lei e Alejo, anche per via legale. Per riuscire a far sì che Belén si paghi un avvocato abbastanza efficiente per sconfiggere Martirio, Alejo rivela la sua identità alle autorità finendo in prigione per truffa. Belén lo perdona, e uscito di prigione, si riuniscono. Alla fine si scopre la verità sul passato di Martirio e Belén e Alejo riescono ad adottare i ragazzi.
L'anno passato a Berlino nel 1807 è il più gramo di tutta la vita di Hoffmann. Nella città, occupata dalle truppe della Grande Armata di Napoleone, egli non riesce a farsi reinserire tra i dipendenti della magistratura e ottiene appena magri sussidi. Deve ricorrere agli amici, chiedere prestiti, rimane a volte giorni senza mangiare. A Berlino compone sei cantici per coro a cappella, dedicati alla Vergine, una delle sue meravigliose opere musicali, che, nel Gatto Murr, attribuisce a Johannes Kreisler. Nell'agosto 1807 viene a sapere che sua figlia è morta a Posen. Infine, a seguito di un annuncio da lui pubblicato su un giornale, Friedrich von Soden gli propone in novembre 1807 l'impiego di direttore musicale al teatro di Bamberga, in Baviera.
Durante questo periodo, egli si concentra sulla chirurgia dei tratti addominali e gastrointestinali: compie circa 200 gastrectomie; è stato uno dei primi a sezionare uno stomaco affetto da cancro, a suturare un'ulcera gastrica perforata (1885) e a fermare chirurgicamente un'emorragia da un'ulcera gastrica. Riesce inoltre a sezionare l'esofago per estrarne un cancro e successivamente sviluppa una procedura per restaurarne la sua continuità (1886); esegue la prima piloroplastica per le stenosi piloriche (procedure poi applicate ad altre strutture tubulari); compie molte operazioni addominali per peritoniti causate da perforazione.
Tom Wolfe, riguardo all'ambiente culturale newyorkese, ha espresso un commento secondo cui: Numerosi movimenti culturali americani hanno avuto inizio in città, come ad esempio il Rinascimento di Harlem, che è stato riconosciuto nel canone letterario afro-americano statunitense. Negli anni quaranta la città è stata un centro per il jazz, per l'espressionismo astratto negli anni cinquanta e il luogo di nascita dell'hip hop un ventennio più tardi. La città è stata influente sulla musica punk 77 e hardcore punk e ha avuto per lungo tempo una fiorente crescita della letteratura ebraica americana.
Aveva la sua sede nel World Financial Center anche la società finanziaria Lehman Brothers, andata in bancarotta il 15 settembre 2008 durante la crisi economica mondiale denominata "Crisi dei subprime".
L'Entscheidungsproblem (in italiano: "problema della decisione") è un problema posto da David Hilbert nel 1928, all'interno dell'allora fervente dibattito sui fondamenti della matematica. Il problema consiste nel chiedere di esibire una procedura, eseguibile del tutto meccanicamente, in grado di stabilire, per ogni formula espressa nel linguaggio formale della logica del primo ordine, se tale formula è o meno un teorema della logica del primo ordine: in altri termini, se tale enunciato è o meno deducibile all'interno del sistema formale.
Nel XIX e XX secolo il Regno d'Italia costruì fortificazioni e trincee sullo spartiacque che fungeva allora da frontiera e in zone elevate più arretrate, i cui resti sono ancora oggi visibili. In località Mont du Parc, lungo la strada per il colle san Carlo, si segnala il complesso dei trinceramenti del principe Tommaso.
Questa è la lista dei lungometraggi d'animazione prodotti da Pixar Animation Studios, co-prodotti da Walt Disney Pictures. Tutti questi film sono realizzati in CGI.
Il turismo è uno dei settori più importanti della città di New York, con più di 55 milioni di turisti tra nazionali e internazionali in visita ogni anno, negli ultimi cinque anni.Le principali destinazioni sono l'Empire State Building, la Statua della Libertà, Ellis Island, i teatri di Broadway, musei come il Metropolitan Museum of Art, spazi verdi come Central Park, il Rockefeller Center, Times Square, la Chinatown di Manhattan; lo shopping di lusso lungo la Quinta Strada e la Madison Avenue ed eventi come la parata di Halloween nel Greenwich Village e la parata di San Patrizio. Alcune attività stagionali, come il pattinaggio su ghiaccio a Central Park in inverno, il Tribeca Film Festival, sono ulteriori eventi che attirano persone in città.
Malgrado le sue numerose attività, Hoffmann si annoia a Varsavia, detesta sempre di più il suo lavoro e la vita cittadina, troppo rumorosa, stanca i suoi nervi. Una figlia, che nasce nel luglio 1805, è battezzata con il nome di Cecilia in onore della patrona dei musicisti, e Hoffmann compone in suo onore una messa. Nel novembre 1806, però, l'armata francese occupa Varsavia e mette fine all'amministrazione prussiana. Hoffmann preferisce licenziarsi, ma senza risorse riesce a lasciare la Polonia solo nel giugno 1807 e parte per Berlino, lasciando la moglie e la figlia a Posen.
Nel 1819 escono anche la fiaba Il piccolo Zaccheo detto Cinabro (presso l'editore Ferdinand Dümmler) e Le curiose pene di un capocomico; quest'ultimo, assieme ad altri sei racconti della serie Kreisleriana, entrerà a far parte della seconda edizione dei Racconti fantastici alla maniera di Callot. Hoffmann, intanto, è nominato membro della commissione di controllo delle attività sovversive e prende le difese del Turnvater Jahn, contro le accuse del capo della polizia von Kamptz. Questo episodio, insieme ad altri casi di ingiustizie perpetrate a danno di studenti e contestatori dei quali Hoffmann fu testimone, porteranno lo scrittore a dimettersi dalla commissione e segneranno l'inizio della sua rottura con il sistema burocratico prussiano, del cui apparato poliziesco egli traccerà una sua personale rappresentazione letteraria nel successivo (e in parte censurato) Mastro Pulce.
La neonata casa di Mandello debutta nelle competizioni nel settembre 1921, schierando due delle 17 "Normali" costruite alla Milano-Napoli, ultima prova stagionale del Campionato Motociclistico Italiano su Strada. Le due macchine, condotte da Mario Cavedini e Aldo Finzi, si comportano egregiamente, riuscendo a compiere senza rotture gli 877 km della massacrante gara di gran fondo.
Un tempo l'economia di Spadafora si basava principalmente sull'agricoltura dell'entroterra e sulla pesca lungo la costa, inoltre, una certa importanza economica era data dalla presenza di un caricatoio di merci del quale si servivano i paesi del vicino entroterra.
È anche classificata come variabile Alfa2 Canum Venaticorum, la sua magnitudine apparente varia da +2,62 a +2,70 in un periodo di 3,62 giorni, inoltre ruota velocemente su se stessa tanto da completare una rotazione in soli 3,66 giorni, contro i 25 giorni del Sole.
Insegna economia alla Harvard University dal 1985. È stato consigliere economico del presidente statunitense George W. Bush dal 2003 al 2005. Le sue pubblicazioni sono state classificate al ventiduesimo posto delle più influenti, fra quelle degli oltre 18,000 economisti registrati.Dal 2006 gestisce inoltre un blog rivolto agli studenti di Economia in cui analizza giornalmente dati e notizie di economia, politica e finanza.
Nel settembre 1996 i Matia Bazar, accompagnati da Paolo Gianolio, sono presenti alla rassegna "Festival Feedback", a Bellinzona, ove interpretano alcuni successi tra cui molti brani da Radiomatia. Il 9 maggio 1997 esce l'ottimo album Benvenuti a Sausalito, dedicato alla cittadina californiana simbolo del periodo hippy, dove i Matia Bazar tornano a sperimentare sonorità ricercate e rockeggianti dopo anni di pop tradizionale. L'album viene presentato il 2 giugno 1997 al "Propaganda" di Milano", per la trasmissione "105 Night Express", in onda su Italia 1.
La "Normale" aveva una potenza pari ad 8 CV e viaggiava alla ragguardevole velocità per una motocicletta dell'epoca di 80 km/h. Già questo primo modello portava qualcosa di nuovo nel panorama motociclistico (le caratteristiche di avanguardia non hanno mai lasciato la Moto Guzzi in tutta la sua storia) essendo stata la prima moto della storia dotata di cavalletto centrale.
La gestione De Tomaso decide nel 1988 la fusione della Moto Guzzi con la F.lli Benelli nella nuova società Guzzi-Benelli Moto (G.B.M. S.p.A.). L'imprenditore argentino contemporaneamente porta in Europa il team corse del Dr. John (al secolo John Wittner) dentista americano, vincitore nell'85 del campionato AMA Endurance con una Le Mans 1000 condotta da Larry Shorts e Greg Smrz, che sviluppa poi il motore a 4 valvole per cilindro e il telaio monotrave che diventano la Daytona 1000. Il culmine fu nella 2 giorni internazionale sul circuito di Monza che vide la Guzzi Daytona involarsi verso la vittoria, sfumata verso la fine della gara per un problema al cavo della candela. Comunque il team del Dr. John porterà a casa il premio come miglior innovazione tecnica. Sfortunatamente i problemi economici in cui incorre nuovamente la Guzzi fermeranno tutto il progetto, rispetto alla Ducati che, rinata anche lei a Monza in quegli anni con la 851, continuerà la sua avventura nelle corse.
Nella stagione 1981-1982 è al Bologna, per la quale, avendo dato la sua parola è costretto in seguito a rifiutare la proposta di allenare l'Inter; pur dimostrando fiducia nella squadra non concluse la stagione, venendo esonerato il 15 marzo 1982 per contrasti con alcuni dirigenti della società, difeso solo dal presidente Fabbretti e facendosi sostituire dal suo allenatore in seconda, Franco Liguori. Durante questa stagione lanciò un diciottenne Roberto Mancini.
Dopo tre anni di silenzio discografico, il 29 marzo 2011 esce l'album Conseguenza logica, lavoro anticipato dal singolo Gli occhi caldi di Sylvie, che attraverso i suoi brani, racconta l'amore a 360° gradi.
Diventò ben presto importantissima per la lavorazione artistica del vetro, grazie ad un decreto della Serenissima Repubblica del 1295 che ne sanciva il trasferimento delle fornaci da Venezia: più di una volta, infatti, esse avevano provocato gravi incendi, aggravati dal fatto che allora le costruzioni a Venezia erano soprattutto in legno.
Nativo di San Pietroburgo, allo scoppio della Rivoluzione d'Ottobre nel 1917, egli fece ritorno con i genitori in Gran Bretagna, a Brighton, dove studiò con suo fratello, il futuro attore Tom Conway, presso l'istituto privato maschile Brighton College.
4 Germen, 5 Küce, 6 Vekiloğlu, 7 Hakyemez, 8 Kısagün, 9 Erdenay, 10 Durusel, 11 Tosun, 12 Poyrazoğlu, 13 İnce, 14 Aydan, 15 Akıncı, All. Mehmet BaturalpFIBA EuroBasket 1981
In occasione del derby di Milano numero 219, disputatosi il 15 ottobre 2017, la tifoseria rossonera ha esposto una coreografia recante il celebre motto latino.
Coppa di Spagna: 6 1963-1964, 1965-1966, 1985-1986, 1993-1994, 2000-2001, 2003-2004 Supercoppa di Spagna: 1 2004Campionato spagnolo di seconda divisione: 21935-1936, 1977-1978Tercera División: 21933, 1934
Nel 1988 la teen-ager che ha fatto sognare con il suo sguardo dolce i giovani americani del dopoguerra ha pubblicato un'autobiografia intitolata significativamente The Girl Next Door and How She Grew (all'incirca, La ragazza della porta accanto e come lei crebbe).
Il 20 novembre 1903 l'Heraldo de Aragón pubblicò un articolo sulla nascita del Zaragoza Football Club, la prima squadra di calcio del capoluogo aragonese. Per la creazione della squadra fu importante soprattutto il contributo del conte di Sobradiel, un personaggio di spicco della città. Il conte svolgeva sia la funzione di presidente che di giocatore, fu proprio lui a segnare il primo gol del Zaragoza nella prima partita giocata dalla squadra, la cui divisa era composta da maglia giallorossa e da pantaloni bianchi, il 26 dicembre dello stesso anno nello stadio del Campo Sepulcro.Nei primi anni del XX secolo nacque anche un altro club: l'Iberia Sociedad Cultural. L'Iberia giocava nello stadio del Torrero e i suoi giocatori erano famosi per il gioco virile che attirava la maggior parte degli appassionati di calcio di Saragozza. Erano soprannominati Avispas (le vespe) per la loro divisa composta da maglietta gialla e nera e pantaloni neri.
Jean-Louis-Théodore Bachelet (Pissy-Pôville, 15 gennaio 1820 – Rouen, 26 settembre 1879) è stato un lessicografo, bibliografo e musicologo francese.
Magalí Garcés, una imprenditrice di successo, ha perso la figlio/a quando era piccola. Suo padre Víctor Garcés prese la bambina è la donò in un orfanotrofio e dice a Magalì che sua figlia/o è morto.Ma la figlia non li crede e per ben 7 anni a cercare il/la suo/a figliolo/la.Si farà aiutare dalla sua amica e da molti altri.Riuscirà a trovare sua/o figlio/a??
Si tratta di una stella situata nell'emisfero celeste boreale. La sua posizione moderatamente boreale fa sì che questa stella sia osservabile specialmente dall'emisfero nord, in cui si mostra alta nel cielo nella fascia temperata; dall'emisfero australe la sua osservazione risulta invece più penalizzata, specialmente al di fuori della sua fascia tropicale. La sua magnitudine pari a 2,6 le consente di essere scorta con facilità anche dalle aree urbane di moderate dimensioni.
Arıboğan, Artış, Aydan, Engül, Ercen, Güler, Koçyiğit, Kunter, Sonat, Turam, Üner, All. -Pallacanestro maschile ai X Giochi del Mediterraneo
Il titolo dell'album in ungherese significa Angelo diabolico. Il disco ha debuttato direttamente alla posizione numero 1 della classifica ungherese Mahasz. Il primo singolo, Aprócska blues, è la versione ungherese del brano presentato all'Eurovision Song Contest da Magdolna Rúzsa in rappresentanza del suo Paese.
Alla sua uscita nei cinema in Italia, il titolo del film venne impropriamente tradotto Ricordando Polvere di Stelle dai distributori italiani. Tale titolo non venne più utilizzato in tutte le successive edizioni del film in home video.
In estate, la Fête des bergers (Festa dei pastori) al colle del Piccolo San Bernardo, organizzato con i comuni del versante savoiardo (Séez, Bourg-Saint-Maurice, ecc.);
Nel 2010 il festival MArteLive, che ha visto la partecipazione di Celeste Brancato per due anni consecutivi (2007 e 2008), ha istituito il Premio Speciale "CELESTE BRANCATO".
New York è costituita da cinque circoscrizioni (chiamate boroughs). La più settentrionale, il Bronx, sorge sul continente, all'estremità di una piccola penisola; Manhattan coincide con l'isola omonima, situata fra il corso dell'Hudson e lo East River (un piccolo braccio di mare); Staten Island si allarga sull'omonima isola situata lungo la costa del New Jersey, a sudest della baia di New York; Brooklyn e il Queens si trovano invece all'estremità occidentale dell'isola di Long Island, che raggiunge qui il punto di minor distanza dal continente. Questa particolare topografia ha fatto sì che la città diventasse, sin dall'epoca coloniale, uno dei più importanti porti del mondo.
(DE) Henriette von Mikulicz-Radecki: Erinnerungen an Wien, Krakau, Königsberg und Breslau. Memoiren der Frau des Chirurgen Johann von Mikulicz-Radecki. Mit einem Vorwort von Klaus Kausch und einem Epilog von Emanuel Turczynski. Forschungsstelle Ostmitteleuropa, Dortmund 1988
Durante il decennio si avvicinò inoltre al piccolo schermo, curando la presentazione di uno show personale, The George Sanders Mystery Show, andato in onda nel 1957, e partecipando successivamente a diverse popolari serie televisive, tra le quali Organizzazione U.N.C.L.E. (1965), Batman (1966), nei panni di Mister Freeze, e Missione impossibile (1971).
Il 1816 è l'anno dei Nachtstücke (i Racconti notturni), completati con un secondo volume uscito nel 1817. Ritornano qui i temi dell'inconscio, del sogno e degli aspetti più bui e sinistri della psiche umana.
L'ultima parte degli anni '90 e la prima del nuovo decennio dunque sono state dedicate a progetti in qualche modo legati alla recitazione (poesia e teatro) e alle arti visive o dello spettacolo (cinema, video-arte e danza): in questi contesti il gruppo ha lavorato a numerose colonne sonore, in gran parte pubblicate, ed è anche tornato a esibirsi all'interno di rappresentazioni multimediali.
I bambini scoprono che il luogo appartiene ad un uomo solitario e con il volto mezzo bruciato di nome Rafael Sander. Con lui vive solo Enzo. Col passare del tempo, Sander permette ai bimbi di vivere lì. Paula, la sorella gemella della moglie defunta di Sander, arriva all'abitazione con sua figlia Olivia. Paula ritiene che l'orfanotrofio appartiene a lei.
Un record di 80 Comitati Olimpici Nazionali hanno partecipato ai XX Giochi olimpici invernali; a Salt Lake City 2002 avevano preso parte alle gare 77 paesi. All'apertura dei Giochi risultavano iscritti 2633 atleti, a cui vanno aggiunti circa 2500 tecnici e accompagnatori delle nazionali, 2300 rappresentanti del CIO, dei Comitati Olimpici Nazionali e delle federazioni sportive, e 650 giudici e arbitri.
L'Australian Open è un torneo di tennis che si tiene ogni anno a Melbourne in Australia durante la terza e la quarta settimana di gennaio. È il primo dei quattro tornei del Grande Slam.
Il "Museo Guggenheim" è ospitato in un edificio progettato dal famoso architetto Frank Lloyd Wright ed ha una forma che ricorda il guscio di una lumaca. È l'unico edificio Lloyd Wright a New York, è stato inaugurato nel 1959 e espone una collezione di pittura e scultura contemporanea, inclusi lavori di Wassily Kandinsky, Pablo Picasso e Paul Klee.
È una serie del 2003 ideata da Cris Morena andata in onda su Canal 9. Ha la stessa trama di Chiquititas, ma titolo diverso a causa di problemi legali con Villaruel. I protagonisti sono Soledad Pastorutti e Guido Kaczka.
Il 14, 15 e 16 settembre si sono tenute le oramai tradizionali Giornate Mondiali Guzzi nel segno della nuova Griso 8v, che monta il motore 1200 cm³ fornito di 4 valvole per testa, ultima evoluzione del bicilindrico di Carcano. Questo modello dal telaio numero 1 è stato vinto da Denise Martin di Cannes. Le presenze sono state di oltre 17000 appassionati motociclisti.
Per il decimo anno i campionati del mondo di triathlon prevedono la formula delle series. I nove eventi, comprensivii della Gran Finale, si sono tenuti in quattro diversi continenti, in particolare nelle località precedentemente utilizzate con successo nelle gare di coppa del mondo.
Piazzetta Reale (Antistante Palazzo Reale in Piazza Castello) - Casa delle Bandiere: ospita i vessilli delle nazioni partecipanti, durante le premiazioni nella Medals Plaza
Soprannominato 'o Puzzulaniello, riuscì in breve tempo a conquistarsi un posto di rilievo nel panorama artistico del suo tempo, infatti, nel 1773 ottenne la nomina di professore di Disegno e maestro di Pittura nella Reale Accademia di Belle Arti, rimanendovi fino al 1782. Diano, considerato da Raffaello Causa «la maggiore delle personalità napoletane della seconda metà del secolo», vanta una ricca produzione artistica, sparsa in diverse località del meridione d'Italia e a Napoli in molte chiese (chiesa della Pietà dei Turchini, chiesa di Sant'Agostino alla Zecca, chiesa di Sant'Agostino degli Scalzi, Complesso di Sant'Andrea delle Dame, chiesa di Santa Caterina da Siena, chiesa di Santa Croce e Purgatorio al Mercato, chiesa di San Giuseppe dei Ruffi, chiesa di San Giuseppe Maggiore, chiesa di Santa Maria in Portico, chiesa di San Nicola alla Carità, Basilica di San Pietro ad Aram, chiesa di San Pietro Martire, chiesa di San Potito, chiesa della Santissima Annunziata, chiesa della Santissima Trinità dei Pellegrini, chiesa dello Spirito Santo) e palazzi (Palazzo Paternò, Palazzo Cellammare, Palazzo Serra di Cassano, Villa Pignatelli, Ospedale della Pace).
Atomix è un videogioco rompicapo del 1990, creato per MS-DOS, Amiga, Commodore 64 e Atari ST. Creato da Softtouch, venne distribuito dalla Thalion Software.
Grande forza spirituale: può purificare i frammenti della Sfera solo toccandoli e, in passato, riusciva a mantenere il gioiello completo perfettamente purificato.
Jime si innamora di Matías e il rapporto tra Mosca e Delfina si accentua. Facundo si trasferisce di fronte al nuovo orfanotrofio per stare più vicino a Belen e agli orfani. Arriva un nuovo bambino brasiliano di nome Mora.
Si riproduce generalmente per impollinazione anemogama, ma esistono casi documentati anche di impollinazione zoogama da parte di insetti, nonché da parte di sauri, come la lucertola balearica Podarcis lilfordi, che visita Euphorbia dendroides per nutrirsi del suo nettare altamente concentrato.La disseminazione è garantita da un meccanismo di apertura a scatto del frutto che proietta i semi ad una certa distanza dalla pianta madre.
Re Abd Allah ha seguito le orme paterne in termini di matrimonio, in quanto ha sposato le rampolle di tribù alleate. Il sovrano ha avuto circa 30 consorti e generò circa 35 figli. Una delle sue mogli era la sorella del politico e militare siriano Rifa'at al-Assad. Ha sposato anche Jawahir bint Ali Hussein del clan Al Jiluwi, con il quale ha avuto una figlia, la principessa Anoud e un figlio, il principe Sa'ud. Aida Fustuq è stata un'altra moglie del sovrano, a cui ha dato due figli: Adila e Abd al-Aziz. Hanno divorziato in seguito. Munira bint Abd Allah Al Al Shaykh è stata la moglie che ha dato alla luce il suo figlio primogenito, il principe Khalid. Tathi bint Mishan al Faysal Al Jarbe ha dato alla luce il principe Mishaal.
Trascorse gli ultimi anni della sua vita miseramente in una casa di Via Taverna Penta (zona del "quartieri spagnoli"), dove morì il 13 agosto del 1803. Fu sepolto nella chiesa dell'Arciconfraternita della SS. Trinità dei Pellegrini di cui era un confratello.
Il giuramento olimpico è stato pronunciato dallo sciatore alpino Giorgio Rocca a nome degli atleti, e da Fabio Bianchetti a nome dei giudici.
I traduttori che hanno lavorato su Hoffmann sono Barbara Allason, Alessandra Valtieri, Ervino Pocar, Rosina Pisaneschi Spaini, Carlo Pinelli, Alberto Spaini, Giorgio Vigolo, Nicola Maria Corcia, Augusto Vital, Luigi Agnes, Maria Luisa Carosso, Rodolfo Bottacchiari, Anita Scotti, Mario Benzi, Giorgio Imperatori, Giuseppina Calzecchi Onesti, Giuseppe Bianchi, Clara Valiani, Ferruccio Masini, Rino Cappellato, Florence Sovelius, Amos Nannini, Mario Benzi, Fabia Gatti, Renato Dealbera, Gemma Sartori, Maria Paola Arena, Mariangela Donà, Francesco Saba Sardi, Costante Domenighetti, Gerardo Fraccari, Alessandra Scalero, Stefano Vastano, Beatrice Talamo, Franca Quartapelle, Cecilia Santini, Laura Bocci, Rossana Guarnieri, Andrea Carbonari, Marina Bistolfi, Alessandro Ortona, Marina Bellucci, Luca Crescenzi, Matteo Galli, Elena Broseghini e Michele Cometa.
(DE) Walter Kausch: Johannes von Mikulicz-Radecki. Sein Leben und seine Bedeutung. Mitteilungen aus den Grenzgebieten der Medizin und Chirurgie III 1907 (Supplement), S. 1–64
4 Özmızrak, 5 Güler, 6 Osman, 7 Hersek, 8 İlyasova, 9 Erden, 10 Mahmutoğlu, 11 Savaş, 12 Korkmaz, 13 Muhammed, 14 Köksal, 15 Aldemir, All. Ergin AtamanFIBA EuroBasket 2017
Il distretto di Darzab è un distretto dell'Afghanistan appartenente alla provincia dello Jowzjan. Viene stimata una popolazione di 23906 abitanti (stima 2016-17).
Santuario Madonna di San Tommaso Becket - XI secoloViene considerato il più piccolo santuario della provincia e dà il nome alla storica fiera che vi si svolge. Sorge sulla sponda di un tratto pensile dell'Adige e miracolosamente si è sempre salvato; era oggetto di una devozione particolare anche di gente lontana soprattutto durante la festa in settembre. (vedi il link sottostante) Fino a poco tempo fa 52 ex voto coprivano le pareti interne, dipinti ad olio su tavole in legno, custoditi ora in un luogo sicuro, esposti al pubblico nei giorni festivi.
Il film venne prodotto dalla Samuel Goldwyn Company e fu girato nei Samuel Goldwyn Studios, al 7200 di Santa Monica Boulevard di West Hollywood.
La serie è stata cancellata dal palinsesto di Telefe dopo alcuni disaccordi tra Cris Morena e Claudio Villarruel alla fine della settima stagione. La programmazione continuò con il titolo Chiquititas: la historia e comprendeva la replica delle precedenti stagioni. Cris produsse la telenovela Rincón de luz per Canal 9 con lo stesso concetto e invece Telefe pensò di creare una nuova stagione chiamata Corazones en Banda (in quanto deteneva i diritti), ma non fu realizzata. Lo show è stato rinominato Chiquititas quando i problemi contrattuali tra Morena e Villaurel furono risolti. La serie torna in produzione nel 2006.
All'inizio, dopo la sua resurrezione, la donna si dimostrava spesso sprezzante ed infuriata nei confronti di Inuyasha e di Kagome. Con il procedere della serie, e con lo scioglimento dell'equivoco che circondava la sua morte da parte di Inuyasha, però, in Kikyo tornano a prevalere i sentimenti di compassione e gentilezza che la contraddistinguevano, ricominciando a proteggere gli altri e spesso aiutando i gruppi di Inuyasha, Sesshomaru e Koga. Ciò nonostante, non assume mai un ruolo di protagonista effettivo all'interno della serie, fungendo soprattutto, per l'appunto, da aiutante. Diventa comunque uno dei principali nemici, se non il più grande, di Naraku, che, a causa dei sentimenti che Onigumo prova per lei, non riesce a farle del male. Quando, però, Naraku riesce a liberarsi del cuore di Onigumo, non ci sono più barriere che lo separano da Kikyo, tanto che ucciderla è il suo primo pensiero e sembra addirittura riuscire nel suo intento. Inuyasha non si dà pace per non essere riuscito a salvare, ancora una volta, la sua amata Kikyo, ma qualcosa dentro di lui gli dice che la donna non è morta, anche perché il corpo non viene ritrovato. E infatti, poco dopo, Kikyo ricompare, sotto le sembianze del monaco Hijiri, che in realtà è uno shikigami. Questo perché, durante la colluttazione con Naraku, il suo corpo è rimasto gravemente ferito e quindi non può agire di persona, tanto che poi Kagome, in quanto sua reincarnazione e avendo in dotazione i suoi stessi poteri, sarà chiamata a guarirla. Ad aiutarla, durante questo periodo, troviamo altri due shikigami di sua creazione: Kocho e Asuka.
Cresciuto nelle giovanili dell'Espanyol, durante la stagione 2013-2014 debutta con la seconda squadra, militante in Segunda División B, la terza serie del calcio spagnolo.
2 Veyseloğlu, 4 Balbay, 5 Güler, 6 Osman, 7 Hersek, 9 Erden, 10 Mahmutoğlu, 19 Aldemir, 21 Şanlı, 22 Korkmaz, 25 Sipahi, 61 Köksal, All. Ufuk Sarıca
Moto Guzzi (conosciuta anche solo come Guzzi) è una celebre azienda italiana di motociclette, fondata il 15 marzo 1921 da Carlo Guzzi e Giorgio Parodi.
Molti di questi film sono sequel dei lungometraggi d'animazione di Walt Disney Animation Studios; altri hanno come protagonisti personaggi della Banda Disney; altri ancora sono tratti o sono episodi pilota di serie televisive Disney.
New York dispone di tre importanti aeroporti: l'Aeroporto Internazionale John F. Kennedy (JFK), il principale scalo aeroportuale di New York e di tutto il Nord America, situato a Jamaica (nel Queens) e a 25 km da Manhattan; il Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR), nello stato del New Jersey; e il Fiorello LaGuardia Airport (LGA), situato invece a Jackson Heights (nel Queens), usato quasi esclusivamente per voli nazionali.
4 Akyol, 5 Güler, 6 Preldžič, 7 Onan, 8 İlyasova, 9 Türkyılmaz, 10 Tunçeri, 11 Savaş, 12 Aşık, 13 Arslan, 14 Kanter, 15 Türkoğlu, All. Orhun EneFIBA EuroBasket 2013
Il 2 febbraio 2016 la casa discografica del gruppo comunica il termine della collaborazione con Silvia Mezzanotte, che era ripresa nel 2010. Al contempo si annunciano la prossima realizzazione di un progetto discografico e concerti live.Nel maggio 2017 anche Piero Cassano annuncia la sua seconda uscita dal gruppo (la prima era stata nel 1981)
Non appartengono a New York, né fanno parte della sua area metropolitana, ma gravitano intorno ad essa per ragioni economiche e culturali, alcune città del confinante Stato del New Jersey, come Jersey City, Newark e Hoboken, situate sulla riva occidentale dell'Hudson, di fronte a Manhattan. La citata Newark è tra l'altro sede di uno degli aeroporti internazionali che servono New York, il Newark-Liberty, situato a 24 km da Manhattan.
Il sindaco attuale, il democratico Bill De Blasio, si è insediato il 1º gennaio 2014 a seguito della vittoria delle elezioni del 6 novembre 2013; fra i tratti caratterizzanti del suo programma, vi è l'innalzamento delle tasse ai residenti ricchi allo scopo di finanziare gli asili nido e il salario minimo. De Blasio è stato eletto sindaco con oltre il 73% delle preferenze, vent'anni dopo l'ultimo sindaco democratico della città, David Dinkins. È il quarto sindaco italo-americano di New York dopo Fiorello La Guardia (1934–45), Vincent Impellitteri (1950–53) e Rudolph Giuliani (1994–2001).Il precedente sindaco era Michael Bloomberg, un ex democratico e un ex repubblicano poi diventato indipendente, la prima volta nel 2001, poi nel 2005 con il 59% dei voti e infine nel 2009 con un margine del 20% sull'avversario democratico Fernando Ferrer. Durante il primo mandato Bloomberg ha preso il controllo del sistema educativo cittadino dallo Stato, ha condotto un'aggressiva politica di sanità pubblica, soprattutto ha contribuito a far ripartire l'economia cittadina dopo l'11 settembre. Durante il suo secondo mandato ha attuato una politica restrittiva sulle armi da fuoco e la riforma scolastica.
Ma la sua nomina sarà effettiva solo nell'aprile 1808 e l'inizio della sua attività fissata al primo settembre seguente. Nel frattempo si reca da un vecchio amico a Glocau. Nel settembre 1808, Hoffmann si reca a prendere sua moglie a Posen e la porta a Bamberga. Vi passerà cinque anni decisivi, tra il 1808 e il 1813: scopre la Germania del Sud e, per la prima volta, può dedicarsi alla musica. Ma la pratica di quest'arte gli permette di constatare l'insufficienza della sua formazione e inizia l'attività di critico musicale, il che lo indirizza alla creazione letteraria, senza tuttavia abbandonare la composizione musicale.
Sempre nell'ambito dell'astronomia, questo motto è stata registrato, sempre in latino e tradotto in codice Morse, sul Voyager Golden Record, il disco d'oro in duplice copia collocato rispettivamente su due sonde spaziali (Voyager, lanciate nel 1977), contenente vari saluti e messaggi destinati ad eventuali lontane forme di vita intelligenti extraterrestri (programma SETI attivo).
Un ruolo economico importante è svolto anche dall'industria culturale: hanno sede a New York studi televisivi (ABC, CBS, NBC) e cinematografici (per quanto in misura decisamente inferiore rispetto a Los Angeles), oltre a numerosi gruppi editoriali (ad es. McGraw-Hill, The New York Times Company, Time Warner).
Arriva anche Luz, una giovane donna e coraggiosa. Maria considera da subito Luz come sua mamma. Le bambine scoprono una biblioteca in cui le fiabe diventano reali. Il luogo nasconde anche un mondo magico, che nasconde un elfo di nome Tok con cui Maria farà amicizia.
La presenza di insediamenti romani è confermata dal ritrovamento di tombe e lapidi. È probabile che gli insediamenti romani siano stati abbandonati in seguito ad invasioni barbariche e alle disastrose alluvioni dell'epoca, che cambiarono persino il corso dell'Adige in quel periodo.
La sera del 29 ottobre 2012 New York fu colpita dall'uragano Sandy, che provocò inondazioni di strade, gallerie e numerose linee della metropolitana a Lower Manhattan e altre zone della città togliendo la fornitura di elettricità in molte sue parti e nei sobborghi.
Ha donato 50 milioni di dollari in contanti e 10 milioni di dollari in materiali di soccorso in favore della vittime del terremoto del Sichuan del 2008.
Mezze vite – Il primo caso di Luisa Rey (1973): ambientata a San Francisco, in California, vede la reporter Luisa Rey che incontra un invecchiato Rufus Sixsmith, divenuto un fisico nucleare, coinvolgendosi così in un'inchiesta giornalistica sulla vociferata insicurezza della nuova centrale nucleare gestita da Lloyd Hooks. Prima di poter consegnare a Rey le prove contro la centrale, Sixsmith viene assassinato da Bill Smoke, un sicario di Hooks, mentre la giornalista trova le lettere che Frobisher aveva scritto per Sixsmith e s'imbatte nel sestetto del musicista in un negozio di musica. Isaac Sachs, un lavoratore della centrale, riesce a passare a Rey una copia delle documentazioni che Sixsmith voleva darle, ma Smoke uccide pure lui, facendo esplodere l'aereo nel quale era partito, per poi tentare di uccidere la giornalista, facendola precipitare con la sua macchina da un ponte per farla annegare nel fiume. Tuttavia Rey riesce a salvarsi, e durante un altro attentato alla sua vita che causa la morte di Smoke, viene aiutata dal capo della sicurezza della centrale Joe Napier, grazie al quale riesce a esporre alla stampa il piano di Hooks di causare un incidente nucleare per il beneficio delle compagnie petrolifere.
Nel 2013 lo stadio è stato ristrutturato, con l'eliminazione della pista d'atletica e la costruzione di una nuova tribuna, per poter così rispettare i requisiti minimi per giocare nella massima superliga danese. Nel 2015 ha subito un ulteriore rinnovamento con la costruzione di una nuova tribuna dietro una delle due porte, in modo da portare la capacità totale a 10mila posti, requisito minimo per poter utilizzare lo stadio nella superliga danese.
Nel 2006, Abd Allah ha istituito il Consiglio di Fedeltà, composto dai figli e nipoti del fondatore dell'Arabia Saudita, con lo scopo di votare, a scrutinio segreto, i principi ereditari e i sovrani. Il ruolo del Consiglio non è stato considerato alla morte del principe Sultan. Infatti, non è chiaro cosa sia accaduto, lasciando aperta la questione sul fatto che il Consiglio avesse votato per un nuovo principe ereditario o se Nayef fosse divenuto erede al trono automaticamente. Nonostante queste preoccupazioni, Nayef è stato nominato Principe della Corona il 27 ottobre 2011 dopo una consultazione.Nel novembre 2010, il principe Nayef ha presieduto una riunione di gabinetto a causa del deterioramento della salute del sovrano. Nello stesso mese, re Abd Allah ha trasferito le sue funzioni di Comandante della Guardia Nazionale a suo figlio, il principe Mutaib. Re Abd Allah ha trovato un'unità in gran parte cerimoniale e ha lasciato una moderna forza militare di 260 000 effettivi che funge da contrappeso per l'esercito. La Guardia, che è stata la base del potere originale di Abd Allah, protegge la famiglia reale. Questo è stato suggerito come un segno evidente che il monarca anziano stava cominciando a lasciare alcune delle sue funzioni.
Nel settembre del 2016, per celebrare il 95esimo anniversario del marchio, Moto Guzzi ha organizzato l’Open House al quale hanno partecipato oltre 25mila appassionati provenienti da tutto il mondo (Polonia, Ungheria, Gran Bretagna, Australia, Cina, e Stati Uniti).
Nel 1976 vince a sorpresa Mark Edmondson che rimane tutt'oggi il vincitore di Slam con più basso ranking (212 del mondo) a vincere un torneo del Grande Slam che non entrerà mai nella top ten. Edmonson per arrivare al titolo sconfisse in semifinale Ken Rosewall e in finale John Newcombe, rimanendo tuttora l'ultimo vincitore australiano del torneo.
Nel luglio 2012, l'Arabia Saudita ha annunciato che avrebbe permesso alle sue atlete di competere alle Olimpiadi per la prima volta e che il Comitato Olimpico nazionale avrebbe sorvegliato la partecipazione delle atlete qualificate. La decisione si è conclusa con la speculazione che l'intera squadra saudita potrebbe essere stata squalificata per motivi di discriminazione di genere. La partecipazione pubblica delle donne nello sport è ancora ferocemente avversata da molti religiosi sauditi conservatori. Non c'è quasi nessuna tradizione di donne che partecipano ad uno sport nel paese. I funzionari sauditi hanno detto che, in caso di successo nella qualifica, le concorrenti femminili sarebbero state vestite in modo da preservare la loro dignità. In data 11 gennaio 2013, il re Abd Allah ha nominato trenta donne nell'Assemblea Consultiva o Consiglio della Shura e ha modificato la relativa legge di mandato, stabilendo che almeno il 20 % dei componenti dell'assemblea devono essere di sesso femminile.Nell'agosto 2013, il gabinetto saudita ha approvato una legge che sanziona la violenza domestica considerandola un reato. La legge prevedeva una pena fino a un anno di prigione e una multa di fino a 50 000 riyal. La pena massima poteva essere raddoppiata per i recidivi. La legge criminalizza, oltre agli abusi fisici, anche quelli psicologici e sessuali. Questa norma include una disposizione che obbliga i dipendenti a denunciare i casi di abusi sul posto di lavoro al datore di lavoro. La mossa ha seguito una campagna via Twitter. Le nuove leggi sono state accolte con favore dagli attivisti per i diritti delle donne saudite, anche se alcuni hanno espresso il timore che la legge non poteva essere attuata con successo senza la formazione di una nuova magistratura e che la tradizione della tutela maschile rimane un ostacolo per le azioni penali.
Ad esso seguono in ordine cronologico la sonorizzazione del poema Above Pesaro di MacDara Woods, l'opera teatrale La crociata dei bambini, ispirata al testo ottocentesco di Marcel Schwob, lo spettacolo video-musicale di 4:48, ispirato al testo teatrale di Sarah Kane (commissionato dal Festival Cartoombria e prodotto con la squadra di video-artisti Two things) e il lavoro teatrale di poesia-danza-immagini "La ballata dell'esca dalle lunghe gambe", ispirato all'omonimo poema di Dylan Thomas.
Insieme a lui, traendo spunto da tale evento, produce ed interpreta Rosso fulmine, canzone dedicata al Palio che i contradaioli della Torre utilizzeranno come colonna sonora durante tutta la festa, pubblicata su cd singolo alla fine del 2005.
Il primo trailer del film, dalla durata di cinque minuti, è uscito in forma non ufficiale il giorno successivo, il 26 luglio; successivamente ne è stata pubblicata una versione estesa, mentre il secondo trailer è uscito a settembre. Il film è stato proiettato in anteprima mondiale al Toronto International Film Festival, ricevendo dieci minuti di applausi al termine della visione della pellicola, e al Fantastic Fest di Austin con una proiezione a sorpresa per i fan, in presenza di Lana e Lilly Wachowski. Il 29 ottobre 2012 è stato diffuso online il primo trailer italiano del film, dalla durata di cinque minuti.
L'attrazione per i fenomeni occulti ed allucinatori si ritrova nel suo romanzo Gli elisir del diavolo, dove l'autore affronta i temi dello sdoppiamento della coscienza, della follia e della telepatia. Il primo volume degli Elisir esce nel 1815 e il secondo l'anno successivo, per i tipi di Duncker & Humblot, a Berlino, senza però ottenere il successo che l'autore sperava. Hoffmann è comunque divenuto un autore affermato e inizia a collaborare per una collana di libri tascabili. Sempre nel 1815 si stabilisce definitivamente al numero 31 della Taubenstrasse, nella capitale prussiana, e diventa amico dell'attore e mimo Ludwig Devrient.
Jan Mikulicz nasce nel 1850, nel mezzo degli anni turbolenti di riforme politiche europee. Proveniente da una famiglia multiculturale, egli è il quarto dei cinque figli avuti dal padre, Andreas Mikulicz, dal secondo matrimonio. Il giovane Mikulicz conosce già benissimo molte lingue, impara da autodidatta a suonare l'organo e frequenta al Conservatorio di Vienna il corso di pianoforte. È proprio a Vienna -in quegli anni uno dei centri medici internazionali di maggiore eccellenza- che inizia i suoi studi medici universitari, nonostante la disapprovazione del padre, che immaginava per il proprio figlio una carriera diplomatica. Così il giovane Jan, non potendo più usufruire del finanziamento economico del padre, inizia a guadagnarsi da vivere tenendo lezioni di pianoforte fino a quando non ottiene una borsa di studio.
Crea per primo la nozione di infezione dovuta ad inalazione di patogeni respiratori sospesi in particelle liquide esalate da altri individui già infetti ("droplet infection").
Nel 2011, è stato firmato tra i governi di Austria, Spagna, e Arabia Saudita un accordo per la costituzione del Centro internazionale per il Dialogo Inter religioso e Interculturale Re Abd Allah con sede a Vienna. L'inaugurazione ufficiale del centro si è svolta nel novembre 2012. Il primo segretario generale è stato il ministro degli affari esteri saudita Sa'ud bin Faysal mentre il primo vice segretario generale è stato l'ex ministro della giustizia federale austriaca Claudia Bandion-Ortner.
(DE) Waldemar Kozuschek: Johann von Mikulicz-Radecki 1850–1906. Mitbegründer der modernen Chirurgie. In Erinnerung an den großen Chirurgen der Deutschen Gesellschaft für Chirurgie und der Gesellschaft der Polnischen Chirurgen gewidmet, 2. poln.-dt. Auflage. Acta Universitatis Wratislaviensis No 2555, gefördert von der Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach-Stiftung, Breslau 2005
I giudici venivano eletti per sorteggio in numero di 600 per tribù e, dopo aver prestato giuramento, erano divisi fra i differenti tribunali civili. L'elezione avveniva annualmente. La maggior parte di questi giudici era fornita dalle classi medie e inferiori della città, del porto e dei dintorni attratte da una retribuzione di due oboli al giorno e, dopo il 425 a.C., di tre oboli, che potevano compensare i loro scarsi guadagni.
È la città più popolosa degli Stati Uniti (tanto che la sua popolazione di 8,5 milioni di abitanti supera il doppio dei 4 milioni di Los Angeles, seconda città nazionale), nonché uno dei centri economici più importanti del mondo, riconosciuta come città globale. L'agglomerato urbano conta 18.223.567 abitanti, quello metropolitano è di 23.019.036 abitanti, che la rendono, secondo le stime, dalla terza alla sesta area urbana più popolata del mondo e dalla prima alla terza dell'emisfero boreale, di entrambi dell'emisfero nord e del continente americano (in concorrenza con Città del Messico e San Paolo). New York è anche stimata come quattordicesima città più popolata al mondo, tra le città africane di Kinshasa e Lagos, nonché la più popolosa città anglofona del mondo.
Poteri da sacerdotessa: è in grado di effettuare riti, incantesimi ed esorcismi di vari tipi, in grado di sconfiggere nemici di immenso potere.
La città di Nieuw Amsterdam passò nel 1664 sotto il dominio inglese e venne ribattezzata New York in onore di Giacomo II, Duca di York e Albany. La dominazione inglese durò (a parte una breve parentesi nuovamente sotto gli olandesi fra il 1673 e il 1674) fino all'ottenimento dell'indipendenza delle colonie, che segnò la data di nascita degli Stati Uniti d'America; questo periodo, lungo poco più di un secolo, vide un notevole sviluppo della città, che divenne un importante porto commerciale e registrò un notevole incremento della sua popolazione di origine europea, al contrario di quella indigena che declinava costantemente. Di pari passo la città venne interessata da un consistente avanzamento culturale, con la fondazione del King's College, che sarebbe divenuto più tardi la Columbia University, e lo sviluppo di un ampio dibattito intorno al principio della libertà di stampa. Non mancarono tuttavia momenti di tensione, come alcune ribellioni degli schiavi afroamericani nel 1712 e nel 1741, che si conclusero con numerose vittime e altrettanto numerose condanne a morte.
Adele Galli nacque a Torino nel 1870, figlia di Giuseppe Galli e di Annetta Glena. Compì gli studi universitari presso l’Università di Torino sotto la guida di Arturo Graf. Fu poi insegnante di letteratura italiana presso l'Istituto Margherita di Savoia di Torino.
Cain si è diplomato alla Kofa High School, dove stabilì il record di 110-10 in quattro anni di lotta, comprese due vittorie nella "5A Arizona Wrestling Championship". Cain ha anche giocato a football per tre anni. L'ultimo anno è stato capitano sia della squadra di lotta che di quella di football.Dopo aver preso il diploma alla Kofa, Cain si iscrive allo Iowa Central Community College, dove pratica lotta per un anno e vince il Campionato Nazionale NJCAA.
Hoffmann lavora alacremente alle rappresentazioni teatrali in una Dresda militarmente occupata e colpita da penurie e malattie contagiose. Il 13 luglio informa Friedrich Speyer che fino a quel momento sono state date dalla compagnia di Joseph Seconda circa dieci rappresentazioni con relative repliche, aggiungendo però che il 5 di giugno il direttore ha chiuso il teatro per via delle frequenti scaramucce tra francesi e prussiani; la compagnia decide allora di continuare a lavorare autonomamente e riesce ad allestire con successo due rappresentazioni. Il successivo 8 di settembre Hoffmann scrive a Kunz che il teatro è di nuovo chiuso da due settimane. Queste interruzioni del suo lavoro con la compagnia gli consentono peraltro di dedicare maggior tempo alla letteratura e di programmare la futura pubblicazione dei Fantasiestücke.
Come singolo è stato un successo enorme (è rimasto in classifica per 10 settimane), i Creatures hanno anche fatto un'apparizione a Top of the Pops della BBC.
Con l'uscita dal gruppo di Roberta Faccani inizia la ricerca di una nuova voce femminile. Ma a sorpresa, il 20 settembre 2010, sul sito ufficiale del gruppo viene ufficializzato il ritorno di Silvia Mezzanotte come solista. Gli stessi Matia dichiarano: «È bastato incontrarsi per caso, tra un'ospitata televisiva e un concerto, per ritrovarsi in studio ad ascoltare le nuove canzoni». Il ritorno nasce dalla rinnovata intesa artistica tra la cantante e il gruppo, con un album già in lavorazione e una lunga tournée prevista per il 2011, con iniziative e partecipazioni ad eventi.
Fin dalla metà degli anni novanta il gruppo ha deciso di dedicarsi anche a progetti estranei all'ambito strettamente musicale, avvicinandosi inizialmente al solo teatro: è di quel periodo, infatti, la collaborazione con il regista/attore Carlo Bruni (poi direttore artistico del Teatro Kismet di Bari) in alcuni progetti embrionali di teatro-musica; qualche anno più tardi inizia invece una proficua collaborazione con il gruppo Teatro di Sacco guidato dall'attore/regista Roberto Biselli, insieme al quale i Militia hanno prodotto nel 2001 l'opera di teatro musicale La crociata dei bambini(presentata in anteprima alla Sagra Musicale Umbra e poi in diverse rassegne nazionali) e, successivamente, altri progetti di sonorizzazione del teatro.
A Manhattan esistono i medallion cab, riconoscibili dalla carrozzeria gialla e dalla licenza. Solitamente, questi taxi hanno un cartellone pubblicitario sopra l'abitacolo. I taxi sono molto economici ma spesso erano altrettanto antiquati; è stata quindi avviata una politica di ammodernamento che, pur incontrando alcune difficoltà, ha reso New York la città nord-americana con il maggior numero di taxi a basso impatto ambientale, oltre 3000.
L'antilope quadricorne (Tetracerus quadricornis (Blainville, 1816), nota anche come chousingha, è un'antilope che vive nelle foreste aperte dell'Asia meridionale.
Disputatasi per la prima volta nel 1920, è stata considerata valida per il motomondiale per la prima volta nel 1951 (dopo esserlo stata per il Campionato Europeo nel 1931, 1938 e 1939). In quella prima edizione iridata si corse ad Albi (durante le prove della classe 250 perse la vita Dario Ambrosini); dopo un anno di assenza tornò ad essere valido per il mondiale per tre anni, dal 1953 al 1955; nel 1953 si disputò sul circuito di Rouen, nel 1954 e nel 1955 sul circuito di Reims.
Le ragazze sono seguite da Ernestina, la custode molto rigorosa e dal cuoco spagnolo Saverio. Poi c'è Emilia, l'amministratrice dell'istituto ed è amata da tutte le persone viventi in quel luogo. Durante la storia, arriverà Jime, un'altra orfana.
Kikyo indossa chiaramente il classico abito delle miko, che è rimasto pressoché invariato anche al giorno d'oggi, tranne che per la mancanze delle arcaiche fenditure poste sulle spalle.
L'Eliea subì un'importante riforma nel 462/461 a.C. per iniziativa di Pericle e dell'altro leader radicale, Efialte. La riforma, ideata al fine di indebolire la fazioni aristocratica, ridimensionò ulteriormente i poteri dell'Areopago affidando al tribunale popolare il controllo delle leggi, dell'operato dei magistrati e la giurisdizione sui reati contro lo stato.
Le stagioni estive sono calde e piovose, con diversi fenomeni temporaleschi che in poco tempo possono allagare diversi quartieri della città, talvolta accompagnati da grandinate. Durante l'estate la città può essere colpita da intense ondate di calore accentuate dall'arrivo di masse d'aria meridionale, proveniente dal golfo del Messico, che possono fare innalzare le massime oltre i 35 °C e fare impennare gli indici di umidità con consequenziale afa.
In seguito nell'ottobre 2008 è stato pubblicato Be the One, singolo che ha avuto un forte impatto anche nelle radio italiane. Come singolo finale invece fu estratto We Walk, uscito ufficialmente nel febbraio 2009.
3 Gündüz, 4 Granit, 5 Girgin, 6 Tezol, 7 Erim, 9 Baturalp, 11 Karabelen, 12 Dinçer, 13 Erimer, 14 Gündüz, 15 Türkoğlu, All. Jim McGregorFIBA EuroBasket 1959
In una forma leggermente modificata (due valvole anziché quattro) al fine di contenere i costi di produzione, già nell'anno della fondazione vengono costruite 17 motociclette come modello Normale. Le nuove moto hanno già, come emblema di fabbrica, un'aquila con le ali spiegate, scelta in ricordo dell'amico Giovanni Ravelli, morto in un incidente aereo.
Dal punto di vista societario, dal 2004 fa parte del Gruppo Piaggio e il Presidente della Moto Guzzi S.p.A. è Roberto Colaninno. L'azienda ha prodotto più di 50 modelli dalla sua fondazione ed è da anni specializzata in motori bicilindrici a V di 90º, raramente forniti anche a piccoli costruttori di modelli speciali quali, ad esempio, Magni, Ghezzi & Brian, Desoto o Mako Shark.
All'inizio a causa della sua lontananza geografica pochissimi giocatori stranieri partecipavano al torneo. Nel 1920 il viaggio in nave dall'Europa all'Australia durava circa 45 giorni. I primi tennisti a usare l'aereo furono i giocatori della Nazionale di Coppa Davis degli Stati Uniti nel novembre del 1946. Anche all'interno del Paese, molti giocatori non potevano viaggiare facilmente. Quando il torneo si è svolto a Perth, nessun giocatore si era potuto spostare da Victoria e Nuovo Galles del Sud con il treno, perché la distanza tra le coste est e ovest è di circa 3.000 km. Quando si disputò a Christchurch nel 1906, tra i 10 giocatori partecipanti, solo due erano australiani, e il torneo fu vinto da un neozelandese.
La città di New York è situata sulla costa orientale dell'America settentrionale, sull'oceano Atlantico, alla foce del fiume Hudson (che costituisce il suo confine occidentale, separandola da una serie di sobborghi nel New Jersey), circa a metà strada fra Boston e Washington.
Da ricordare la presenza per secoli della casaforte o castello dei nobili Châtelard (o du Châtelar), da tempo scomparso, di cui resta memoria nel toponimo omonimo.
Dal suo matrimonio con la principessa Alanoud Al Fayez (organizzato quando questa aveva 15 anni, senza che lei avesse mai incontrato e da cui in seguito ha divorziato), sono nate quattro figlie Sahar, Maha, Hala e Jawahir. Le principesse sono state trattenute agli arresti domiciliari negli ultimi 13 anni e non sono autorizzate a lasciare il paese. Dopo che alcuni comunicati stampa diffusi nel marzo 2014 affermavano che due di queste, Sahar e Jawaher, non hanno ricevuto né cibo né acqua pulita per 25 giorni, e che avevano perso dieci chili ciascuna, la loro madre ha effettuato proteste settimanali di fronte all'ambasciata saudita a Londra. Le due hanno pubblicato un video in cui imploravano l'aiuto da parte della comunità internazionale. Il sovrano ha avuto anche una figlia di nome Nora, morta nel 1990 in un incidente stradale. Un'altra figlia è la principessa Fayza. Lei è la madre del principe Sa'ud bin Abd al-Aziz bin Nasser Al Sa'ud che nel 2010 a Londra è stato accusato di aver ucciso suo servo, Bandar Abd al-Aziz.
i cinque palazzetti dello sport di Torino (tre dei quali costruiti ex novo): il Palazzo a Vela ristrutturato da Gae Aulenti (che ha ospitato le gare di pattinaggio artistico e short track), l'Oval Lingotto (pattinaggio di velocità), Torino Esposizioni (hockey su ghiaccio), il Palazzo del ghiaccio di corso Tazzoli (allenamenti di pattinaggio di figura e short track), il Palasport Olimpico di via Filadelfia progettato da Arata Isozaki (hockey su ghiaccio);
Il paese ritornò tristemente alla ribalta a pochi giorni dalla fine della seconda guerra mondiale. Dal 20 al 23 aprile 1945 fu sottoposto a bombardamenti alleati, che avevano come obiettivo la distruzione del ponte sull'Adige per contrastare la ritirata tedesca di un esercito ormai vinto e pensava di più a salvataggi individuali che alla ricerca di nuovi punti di difesa. Il risultato per il paese fu disastroso, furono distrutti tutti i simboli della piccola comunità: la chiesa, il municipio, le scuole e molte delle case che si affacciavano sulla piazza principale.
Durante la seconda guerra mondiale a Bonavigo esisteva un campo di prigionia per britannici che dipendeva dal campo base di Pol di Bussolengo. Vi erano rinchiusi qualche decina di prigionieri che lavoravano nelle aziende agricole circostanti. Il rapporto con la popolazione era ottimo tanto che dopo la guerra alcune donne del paese si sposarono con ex prigionieri. Trattati in modo umano e secondo la convenzione di Ginevra dal Regio Esercito, dopo l'8 settembre 1943 i prigionieri si diedero alla fuga. Furono aiutati in questo dalle famiglie contadine che rischiarono la vita e la prigione per offrire loro vitto e alloggio in attesa di poterli aiutare a fuggire dai rastrellamenti e dalla deportazione in Germania. Queste storie, dei Perlasca e dei Schindler di Bonavigo, insieme a quella della storia dei campi di prigionia per P.O.W (prigionieri di guerra) del veronese è mirabilmente raccontata dal regista Mauro Vittorio Quattrina nel documentario "Quei giorni di coraggio e paura" realizzato nel 2008.
I Militia divengono protagonisti di fatto della emergente New Wave italiana al fianco di gruppi come Diaframma, Litfiba, CCCP Fedeli alla linea, Moda, Neon, Bu bu sex, ecc.: addirittura il settimanale Panorama dedica un servizio alla scena dark perugina (rappresentata da Militia, Aidons La Norvege, X-Offender, T.V. Voodoo e Axa Vanea) segnalandola come uno dei fenomeni di spicco a livello nazionale al pari di realtà consolidate come quelle di città come Firenze, Bologna e Pordenone.
Nel 1999 negli stabilimenti Moto Guzzi, viene presentato alla stampa un nuovo propulsore di 1000 cm³ raffreddato a liquido denominato VA10, caratterizzato dalla classica architettura a V ma di 75º capace di erogare una potenza di oltre 140 cv. Questo avveniristico motore, sviluppato in collaborazione con l'Ing. Danilo Mojoli, nacque con l'intento di ricondurre Guzzi alle competizioni internazionali SBK. Il progetto, nonostante fosse giunto alle fasi conclusive, a causa di un nuovo cambio dei vertici di gestione, venne abbandonato.
Nel marzo 1800, superato con successo l'esame di assessore, si trasferisce di nuovo in provincia, a Posen (Poznań), la cui popolazione è mista, tedesca e polacca, evangelica e cattolica. Qui dà sfogo alla sua esuberanza giovanile, con qualche scapestrataggine: sbronze e scherzi si susseguono e Hoffmann fa delle caricature di suoi colleghi e superiori. Nella città di Posen diventa in qualche modo celebre. Vi si esegue una sua cantata, che ha scritto per salutare il nuovo secolo, e un'opera che ha scritto riprendendo quella di Goethe (Facezia, astuzia e vendetta), di cui si conserva solo il titolo. Ma il suo disaccordo con la società borghese aumenta.
Poco dopo la nascita del figlio di Gabriela, il bimbo viene portato via dal padre della donna, Ramiro Morán, in quanto non accetta la relazione tra la figlia e un suo servo. Però, alla madre del feto è stato riferito che il figlio è morto. In realtà, la ragazza di nome Mili è stata mandata in un orfanotrofio chiamato "Rincón de Luz", la cui direzione è affidata a Ramiro. Mili crescerà in quella casa insieme ad altre otto bambine orfane: Georgi, Cinthia, Vero, Michelle, Romina, Laura e Maru. Guidati da Mili, la più vecchia del gruppo, il loro obbiettivo sarà quello di diventare una vera e propria famiglia.
Nel 2003 è tornata a recitare anche in teatro nel suolo di Mama Mizner nel musical di Stephen Sondheim Bounce. Nonostante le buone recensioni ottenute da Powell, lo spettacolo non ha avuto particolare successo di critica tanto da non approdare a Broadway.
Dopo aver studiato al Lycée Pierre Corneille a Rouen e al Lycée Hoche a Versailles, entrò nella École normale nel 1840 ed è diventato professore di storia nel 1846. Successivamente è diventato un insegnante di storia nei college: Le Havre, Chartres e St. Quentin, poi nelle scuole superiori a Clermont-Ferrand e Coutances, è stato nominato nel 1847 professore di storia a Lycée di Rouen. Ha donato la sua collezione di spartiti presso la Biblioteca di Rouen ed diventato responsabile dopo il 1873.
Tra gli scrittori italiani che hanno scritto da e su New York, vanno ricordati almeno Lorenzo Da Ponte, Giuseppe Antonio Borgese, Giuseppe Prezzolini, Mario Soldati, Goffredo Parise, Italo Calvino e Alberto Arbasino.
Jane Powell, all'anagrafe Suzanne Lorraine Burce (Portland, 1º aprile 1929), è un'attrice, attrice teatrale, cantante e ballerina statunitense, ragazza prodigio e star cinematografica della Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer fra gli anni quaranta e gli anni cinquanta. Per la televisione ha preso parte a produzioni varie fra cui soap opera e serial.
Nel 1879 Mikulicz sposa una sua allieva di pianoforte, l'austriaca Henriette Pacher: la coppia ha sei figli, che vengono cresciuti secondo le tradizioni tedesche del tempo.
Le dita, 5 per zampa, sono sottili e terminano con un artiglio che permette all'animale di arrampicarsi agilmente su ogni superficie ruvida.I maschi adulti generalmente sono più grossi e possenti e hanno collo e testa più grandi e robusti delle femmine.
Il definitivo rilancio della casa mandellese è confermato dall'uscita nelle edicole di una raccolta di modellini partendo dal "V7 Sport" che va letteralmente a ruba.
Nel 1955 muore Giorgio Parodi mentre contemporaneamente nasce la Moto Guzzi 8 cilindri di 500cc, ad opera della triade Giulio Cesare Carcano, Enrico Cantoni e Umberto Todero, il più elevato frazionamento mai tentato su una moto da competizione. La moto si rivelerà col tempo vincente e rimane ancora oggi un esempio tecnico unico: nessuno ha mai più tentato di inserire un motore così frazionato in un telaio motociclistico da competizione. Già nel 1957, ancora all'inizio del suo sviluppo, erogava l'impressionante potenza di 75 CV.
La popolazione di New York è tra le più variegate del mondo, sia dal punto di vista culturale che etnico. Da sempre una delle mete principali degli immigrati provenienti da ogni parte del mondo, il 36% degli abitanti della città sono nati all'estero. Durante i primi tre decenni del secolo scorso, i giornalisti definivano New York la più grande città italiana del mondo poiché i residenti nati in Italia superavano numericamente quelli di tutte le altre metropoli del mondo: comprese Napoli e Milano, oltre San Paolo (Brasile), Buenos Aires, Toronto, Sydney ecc., dove pure arrivavano migranti da ogni borgo d'Italia. Per quanto riguarda i cittadini nati all'estero residenti in città i seguenti paesi risultano ai primi posti: Repubblica Dominicana, Cina, Giamaica, Guyana, Messico, Ecuador, Italia, Haiti, Trinidad e Tobago, Colombia e Russia; in città si contano circa 170 differenti lingue parlate. Inoltre ha la più vasta comunità afroamericana degli Stati Uniti, la più numerosa comunità ebraica al di fuori di Israele e la più numerosa comunità portoricana al di fuori di Porto Rico.
Nel film il personaggio di Allen incontra alcuni suoi fan (tra i quali anche un gruppo di alieni) che esprimono il proprio apprezzamento per il suo lavoro, dichiarando di apprezzare i suoi film, "specialmente i primi, quelli comici". La gag è chiaramente uno sfogo dello stesso Allen e del suo pensiero, frustrato dai continui commenti di chi lo ritiene solo un autore comico.
L'immigrazione dall'Europa riprese vigore, dopo un certo calo nei primi anni del secolo, e raggiunse punte notevoli negli anni della grande carestia irlandese del 1845-1849. L'assistenza fornita a queste grandi masse di immigrati poveri e bisognosi fu fra le cause dell'ascesa della Tammany Hall, un'organizzazione interna al Partito Democratico, che assunse in pratica il controllo sulla città verso la metà del secolo mantenendolo fino alla metà del secolo successivo.
Nella puntata di venerdì 24 ottobre 2008 del programma televisivo I migliori anni, condotto da Carlo Conti, ha presentato una versione acustica del suo brano più noto, Nina, ed ha annunciato la pubblicazione, nel mese di novembre, del suo primo romanzo, intitolato Il badante di Che Guevara; nello stesso periodo tiene alcuni concerti insieme a Edoardo De Angelis, con cui ha collaborato in passato cantando nella canzone del collega Rosso.
Le antiche miniere d'argento, antracite e carbone sono state sfruttate in particolar modo dalla Cogne di Aosta. Per il trasporto del materiale fra il 1929 e il 1962 era attiva la ferrovia La Thuile-Arpy, una linea mineraria che consentiva di trasportare l'antracite fino alla piana di Arpy per essere caricata sulla teleferica che la trasportava presso la stazione di Morgex.
Ana e Juan sono morti, Pia ha bruciato il granaio e i bambini sono fuggiti dal "Hogar de las Sombras". Il gruppo di orfani è formato da: Felipe, Tali, i Maza (Luisana, Titán, Juanita and Agustín) e gli orfani del granaio (Camila, Bautista e Maria). Ormai non hanno più un tetto dove vivere. Temendo di dover andare in prigione, i Chiquititas devono cercare un'abitazione e Maria vuole cercare il "Rincon de Luz" descritto nel Libro della Vita. Passa una stella cadente e, dopo aver espresso un desiderio, gli orfani trovano una casa che, ad un primo impatto, sembra abbandonata e spaventosa, ma nel lato sinistro nasconde giocattoli, pupazzi e bambole. Camila insiste dicendo che stanno invadendo una proprietà privata, ma quel posto è il vero "Rincon de Luz".
La magnitudine assoluta del sistema è di -1,01 e la sua velocità radiale positiva indica che la stella si sta allontanando dal sistema solare.
Durante i suoi primi anni a Bamberga, Hoffmann compone molto: balletti, musica da coro, prologhi o opere. Ma quest'attività un po' disordinata, schiava del gusto del pubblico, finisce per stancarlo, perciò inizia a dedicarsi alla critica musicale, principalmente sull'Allgemeine musikalische Zeitung di Johann Friedrich Rochlitz (1769-1842), alla quale dà una forma originale, inglobando i suoi commenti in una trama romanzesca. Questa evoluzione verso la letteratura deve senz'altro molto alla passione che prova dal 1809 per una delle sue allieve, Julia Marc, parente del dottor Marcus. La ragazzina ha solo tredici anni, contro i trentaquattro di Hoffmann, è di famiglia ebraica, figlia di un commerciante e molto dotata per la musica.
Gli autobus indicati da una M vicino al numero, indicano che viaggia solo a Manhattan, B per Brooklyn, Q per Queens, Bx per Bronx e S per Staten Island.
4 Koşan, 5 Saybir, 6 Konuk, 7 Ene, 8 Aydın, 9 Erdenay, 10 Apaydın, 11 Topsakal, 12 Büyükaycan, 13 Oyguç, 14 Arıboğan, 15 Çakırgil, All. Nur GermenFIBA EuroBasket 1995
Jane Powell si è sposata cinque volte: prima con l'attore Geary Steffin dal 1949 al 1954; poi dal 1954 al 1964 con Patrick Nerney; poi dal 1965 al 1976 con James D. Fitzgerald e dal 1978 al 1981 con David Stellar Parlour; dal 1988 è stata sposata con l'attore Dickie Moore fino alla scomparsa di lui nel 2015. Vive fra il Connecticut e Manhattan. I suoi precedenti matrimoni sono finiti con i divorzi.
Inoltre è stimato che circa 200 000 persone si muovano a New York tramite bici-taxi e biciclette. New York infatti dispone di più di 680 km di piste ciclabili, dislocate maggiormente nei ponti dell'East River e nella Manhattan Waterfront Greenway.
La risposta della sua amministrazione al terrorismo interno è stata una serie di giri di vite, tra cui incursioni da parte delle forze di sicurezza, arresti, torture e decapitazioni pubbliche. Egli ha promesso di combattere le ideologie terroristiche all'interno del paese. Ha fatto della protezione delle infrastrutture critiche dell'Arabia Saudita una priorità di massima sicurezza.La sua strategia contro il terrorismo è stata duplice: ha attaccato le radici dell'estremismo che alimentava Al-Qaida attraverso l'educazione e le riforme giudiziarie per indebolire l'influenza degli elementi più reazionari della classe religiosa dell'Arabia Saudita. A tal scopo ha anche promosso la diversificazione economica.
Mentre era ancora principe ereditario, Abd Allah ha pagato l'intervento chirurgico di separazione di una coppia di gemelli siamesi polacchi che ha avuto luogo presso la Città Medica "Re Abd al-Aziz" di Riyad il 3 gennaio 2005. Gli è stata concessa la "cittadinanza onoraria" dalla città polacca di Janikowo, dove sono nati i gemelli. Il 18 marzo 2005 è stato insignito dell'Ordine del Sorriso, che ha ricevuto nel corso della sua visita in Polonia nel 2007.
Dal 1937 la Walt Disney Pictures ha iniziato a realizzare indipendentemente o con collaborazioni film e lungometraggi d'animazione. Lo studio principale dedicato alla produzione di film d'animazione è l'attuale Walt Disney Animation Studios, ma altre produzioni parallele si sono affiancate a questo filone principale, realizzate da sezioni interne della Disney e filiali estere, o in co-produzione con studios indipendenti.
Distribuito dall'United Artists, il film uscì nelle sale cinematografiche USA dopo essere stato presentato in prima a New York il 3 novembre 1929. Negli anni trenta, fu distribuito internazionalmente: in Argentina (26 giugno 1931) con il titolo Condenado a Isla del Diablo; in Svezia (19 febbraio 1932) come Mannen som stal kärlek...; in Portogallo (17 dicembre 1934), con il titolo Condenado.
Gli inverni sono dunque freddi nonostante la latitudine relativamente meridionale della città (New York è posta alla stessa latitudine di Napoli-Salerno). Le temperature medie, intorno allo zero nel mese più rigido, possono nascondere variazioni anche considerevoli a seconda della provenienza delle masse d'aria che interessano l'area della città ma anche per la presenza o meno di periodi soleggiati: le correnti meridionali possono portare notevole mitezza anche nel cuore dell'inverno, mentre le correnti settentrionali o nordoccidentali - che recano fin sulla città le masse d'aria dell'Artico canadese - portano freddo estremo e abbondanti nevicate accompagnate da vento forte (blizzard).
In entrambi i volumi di One1 Two2 Three3 Four4 il gruppo si è avvalso della collaborazione del coro gospel nazionale Nicolini Gospel Choir di Piacenza.
Da menzionare anche un'unica esperienza fin qui con il cinema: nel '99 il regista Massimo Martella ha scelto un brano originale dei Militia da inserire nel film La prima volta.
Vi sono comunque numerose aziende operanti a Murano (in particolare alcuni tra gli artisti locali più noti a livello internazionale) che non aderiscono a questo marchio.
Secondo una diffusa ipotesi, le origini di Murano sarebbero analoghe a quelle dei tanti centri fondati dai profughi di Altino durante le invasioni barbariche.
Il nome della strada ove ha sede la Borsa, Wall Street ("strada del muro"), risale alla colonizzazione, quando gli olandesi, per difendersi dagli attacchi dei nativi americani, eressero un muro in prossimità della strada.
Negli anni sessanta il Real Zaragoza entrò in un periodo di grande prosperità economica. Di conseguenza la squadra si trasferì nel nuovo stadio della Romareda e acquistò giocatori importanti. Arrivarono i primi due successi nella Coppa del Re (1964 e 1966) e la vittoria della Coppa delle Fiere nel 1964. I campioni di quei successi vennero soprannominati los Magnificos. In questo periodo tuttavia la squadra non riuscì a vincere il titolo nazionale, pur classificandosi nelle prime 5 posizioni dalla stagione 1960-1961 al 1968-1969. Nella stagione 1960-1961, Juan Seminario vinse il trofeo Pichichi segnando 25 reti in 30 partite.
Raekwon è noto anche per le sue molte collaborazioni che l'hanno reso celebre in tutto il mondo, come quelle con Schoolboy Q, Kanye West, e altri.
Anche il porto di New York, un tempo il più importante del mondo, ha subito un netto declino, sebbene le banchine (negli ultimi decenni per la maggior parte spostate da Brooklyn al New Jersey) conoscano un certo traffico e siano al quindicesimo posto nel mondo come movimento merci.
Dictionnaire Général de Biographie et d'Histoire, de Mythologie, de Géographie ancienne et Moderne comparée, des Antiquités et des Institutions grecques, romaines, françaises et étrangères, Paris, 1857 and 1863. Reprint: Paris, Delagrave, 1889, 2 vol., 2989 p. ;
Sloosha Crossing e tutto il resto: Fantascienza post-apocalittica È interessante notare come ci sia uno sviluppo del mezzo di comunicazione attraverso il quale una storia entra in contatto con quella successiva (come suggeriscono i titoli originali dei capitoli):
4 Konuk, 5 Türkcan, 6 Evliyaoğlu, 7 Ene, 8 Kutluay, 9 Erdenay, 10 Apaydın, 11 Topsakal, 12 Büyükaycan, 13 Oyguç, 14 Arıboğan, 15 Yıldırım, All. Çetin YılmazFIBA EuroBasket 1997
Proseguendo nella sua politica di rinnovamento della gamma, a settembre viene presentata la 1200Sport, una versione della Breva potenziata quel tanto che basta per renderla una vera Sport Tourer d'alto lignaggio (mantiene comunque due comodi posti e la possibilità di montare capienti valigie laterali). Per gli insaziabili della potenza, Moto Guzzi mette a disposizione 2 kit ufficiali di potenziamento.
Con la dominazione normanna, Spadafora divenne il centro abitato di una baronia, elevata in seguito a principato sotto i principi Spadafora, che diedero anche il nome alla cittadina.
nuovo motore V2 da 1.200 cm³ e 8 valvole con albero a camme in testa (quindi con la parte alta del motore completamente riprogettata), accreditato di ben 110 CV e 11 kgm di coppia motrice massima
Non lontano da Liberty Island (l'isola che ospita la Statua della Libertà) vi è Ellis Island che è stato per anni il principale punto d'ingresso per gli immigranti che sbarcavano negli Stati Uniti. Nel 1990 fu oggetto di restauri che portarono all'apertura dell'"Ellis Island Immigration Museum".
Griso 1200 8v, che monta l'inedito motore 8 valvole sopracitato e con alcuni piccoli affinamenti (sella più comoda per il passeggero, fianchetti più rastremati, nuovo scarico doppio con una inedita conformazione bilobata per mantenersi stilisticamente coerente con le altre versioni della Griso, dischi anteriori wave con pinze ad attacco radiale)
Oney Tapia (L'Avana, 27 febbraio 1976) è un atleta paralimpico italiano, di origine cubana, specializzato nel getto del peso e nel lancio del disco.
Dal 2008 è cambiata la superficie di gioco, passando dalla Rebound Ace al Plexicushion, leggermente più veloce. Lo scopo è rendere meno insopportabile il caldo che caratterizza generalmente gli incontri, ma la scelta è stata criticata in quanto il materiale sarebbe troppo simile al DecoTurf dell'US Open. Cambia anche il colore: dal verde al blu.
4 Tunçeri, 5 Türkoğlu, 6 Türkcan, 7 Ene, 8 Pars, 9 Erdenay, 10 Kutluay, 11 Peker, 12 Beşok, 13 Okur, 14 Yıldırım, 15 Onan, All. Aydın ÖrsFIBA EuroBasket 2003
Il 30 ottobre 2007, durante una visita di Stato nel Regno Unito, il sovrano è stato accusato dai manifestanti di essere un "assassino" e un "torturatore". Preoccupazioni sono state sollevate nel Regno Unito circa il trattamento delle donne e degli omosessuali da parte del regno saudita e su presunte tangenti che coinvolgono il commercio di armi tra l'Arabia Saudita e il Regno Unito.Essendo all'interno del paese vietata la critica aperta al sovrano, le contestazioni erano rivolte soprattutto a Khaled al-Tuwayjiri, Segretario Generale della Corte Reale ed eminenza grigia del regime. Egli divenne ben presto uno degli uomini più odiati del paese.
Nell'ottobre dello stesso anno chiude definitivamente la trilogia di sfide contro Junior Dos Santos, difendendo nuovamente il titolo in un incontro dominato sin dall'inizio e concluso con la prima sconfitta in carriera del brasiliano per KO tecnico; al termine del match Velasquez riportò un infortunio alla spalla e fu necessario un secondo intervento.
Right Now è stata una cover del gruppo femminile statunitense The Pussycat Dolls per l'album d'esordio PCD del 2005. Le Dolls hanno utilizzato gli accordi che la cantante Siouxsie e la sua band The Creatures avevano portato alla versione nel 1983, compresa l'introduzione con il "palala pam pam" cantata dalle cantanti e le dita scrocchiate che battono il tempo. Tali accordi non erano presenti nella versione originale di Mel Tormé.
Negli anni '80 un gruppo di matricole del college, giocatori di baseball, cerca di farsi strada nel delicato momento che li conduce verso l'età adulta.
A causa del trasferimento del principe a Palermo, allora luogo di delizie della nobiltà sicula, il suo vasto territorio fu affidato ai gabelloti, con conseguenze nefaste per l'agricoltura e per la vita sociale.
Iniziò la sua carriera da attrice bambina in televisione, facendo apparizioni in spot pubblicitari e programmi televisivi, e in seguito apparve nel film Lo squalo 4 - La vendetta e partecipò come doppiatrice ai film d'animazione di Don Bluth Alla ricerca della valle incantata e Charlie - Anche i cani vanno in paradiso. Nel 1988, dopo anni di abusi fisici e psicologici, il padre József uccise Judith e sua madre Maria prima di spararsi, in un duplice omicidio-suicidio.
Nel 1988 cambia la superficie e il vincitore per la terza volta è Mats Wilander, capace di adattarsi subito al Rebound Ace, così come è in grado di mutare il suo gioco a seconda degli avversari. Per la seconda volta consecutiva è l'australiano Pat Cash ad essere sconfitto in finale, dopo essere riuscito nell'impresa di eliminare al turno precedente Ivan Lendl.
Nel febbraio 2012 il gruppo partecipa al 62º Festival di Sanremo con il brano Sei tu, che non riesce ad accedere alla fase finale. Nella serata dedicata alla canzone italiana nel mondo i Matia si esibiscono con Al Jarreau in Speak Softly Love (titolo italiano: Parla più piano, colonna sonora del film Il padrino) e in We're in This Love Together, noto brano dello stesso Al Jarreau. Il 12 agosto 2015 muore improvvisamente, a seguito di un infarto, il batterista Giancarlo Golzi.
Guido Candiani, I vascelli della Serenissima: guerra, politica e costruzioni navali a Venezia in età moderna, 1650-1720, Venezia, Istituto Veneto di Scienze, Lettere e Arti, 2009.
Così Breslavia diventa ben presto la clinica chirurgica più moderna, più grande e apprezzata al mondo. Lo stesso Billroth rimane entusiasta nel visitarla, così come racconta Mikulicz. L'organizzazione e la rigidità del centro nel seguire le regole non avevano precedenti al mondo.
In teatro è stata inoltre diretta, tra gli altri, da Antonio Latella, Ninni Bruschetta, Attilio Corsini, Claudio Insegno, Daniela Giordano, Massimo Belli.
Il comune è l'unico del vallone di La Thuile; si trova al confine con la Francia, alla quale è collegata con il Colle del Piccolo San Bernardo. A La Thuile la Doire du Rutor confluisce nella Dora di Verney, affluente della Dora Baltea.
La prima moto, la G.P. 500 (sigla di Guzzi Parodi), venne costruita con il supporto tecnico dell'officina di Giorgio Ripamonti, dove Carlo Guzzi aveva appreso i primi rudimenti della meccanica, appassionandosi alle due ruote.
Con un maggior supporto della Casa Madre e dell'importatore americano, Gianfranco Guareschi e la sua Moto Guzzi MGS-01 Corsa ma motorizzata BigBore, un motore potenziato e modificato, si ripresentano l'anno successivo al via della "Daytona Speed Week", non più nelle vesti di outsider. Le aspettative non vengono disattese, e per il secondo anno consecutivo, dopo due gare tiratissime, è ancora una doppia vittoria nella classe 'BOT-Battle of Twins', dove riesce a prevalere anche di fronte all'esordiente Ducati 1098. Nella classe libera 'Sound of Thunder' la vittoria sfugge per poco, ma il secondo posto assoluto resta comunque un ottimo risultato. Il 'Guaro' mette così il sigillo numero 3.332 alla lista delle vittorie Moto Guzzi in competizioni ufficiali.
Matia Bazar è un gruppo italiano di musica pop, con sperimentazioni rock, formatosi nel 1975 a Genova. La formazione storica, fondatrice del gruppo, comprende Antonella Ruggiero (voce), Carlo Marrale (chitarra), Aldo Stellita (basso), Piero Cassano (tastiere) e Giancarlo Golzi (batteria).
Il Marchio Vetro Artistico® Murano disciplinato dalla legge regionale n. 70 del 1994. è un marchio collettivo che certifica che i prodotti col marchio apposto sono realizzati da aziende che producono vetri artistici a Murano.
È il motto riportato nello stemma di reparto del Comando delle Forze da Combattimento dell'Aeronautica Militare, con sede a Milano. Comando che raccoglie tutti i Reparti da Caccia dell'A.M., nato nel novembre 2007, nonché dell'ex 81º Gruppo I.T. (Intercettori Teleguidati) dell'A.M. di stanza a Chioggia.
L'anno successivo, partecipa di nuovo al Festival di Sanremo con il brano Dedicato a te, che si rivela uno straordinario successo. Esce l'album Dove le canzoni si avverano, che, oltre il brano sanremese, contiene Svegli nella notte, presentato con successo al Festivalbar ed al Canzoniere dell'estate. Lo stesso anno vede anche la presenza ad alcune tappe del Cantagiro.
Johannes von Mikulicz-Radecki (Czernowitz, 16 maggio 1850 – Breslavia, 14 giugno 1905) è stato un chirurgo austriaco, dedicatosi principalmente all'endoscopia gastrointestinale e allo sviluppo delle tecniche antisettiche.
La città di New York è divisa amministrativamente in cinque borough coincidenti, a fini giudiziari, con altrettante contee. Ogni borough si divide poi in numerosi quartieri, molti dei quali con una ben definita identità.
Tornato nel Clan per le registrazioni del doppio disco "Wu-Tang Forever" e presente in quasi tutti i pezzi, ritenta la via solista nel 1999 con "Immobilarity" (Loud Records). Nonostante il disco raggiunga buoni numeri di copie vendute i vecchi fan rimangono delusi dal disco. Nel frattempo lo Chef ha cambiato il proprio alter ego in Lex Diamonds. Raekwon si dà da fare con collaborazioni e featuring a ripetizione, comparendo su dischi quali "Aquemini" degli OutKast (Skew It On The Bar-B) o "Don Cartagena" di Fat Joe (Johnny Blaze).
Si presenta in forma di cespugli, con fusto e rami dicotomi, alti sino a 2 m. Nel periodo invernale e primaverile forma dei veri e propri cuscini sferici di colore verde. Nel periodo estivo si presenta sotto forma di arbusti privi di foglie e dall'aspetto scheletrico. I rami, se strappati, secernono un lattice bianco irritante al contatto con la pelle.
Entra anche Clarita, diventando l'insegnante di danza. Alla fine della stagione, Clarita vince una borsa di studio di danza, Cinthia va in viaggio col suo vero padre Jorge Clementi, accettato finalmente. Laura viene adottata, Tamara ritorna a vivere con suo padre e Vero e Maru lasciano la casa per andare con il loro vero padre.
(EN) Hiki Sumik, Hiki Yoshiki: Professor von Mikulicz-Radecki, Breslau. 100 years since his death. Langenbecks Archives of Surgery 390 (2005), S. 182–185
Vengono raccontate le vicende personali e lavorative del personale del All Saints Western General Hospital, concentrandosi principalmente sullo staff del Reparto 17, gestito dalla suora compassionevole Terri Sullivan. Lo staff include gli infermieri Connor Costello, Von Ryan, Bronwyn Craig, Jared Levine e Stephanie Markham. Luke Forlano e Peter Morrison sono medici che lavorano con Terri e il suo staff. Ben Markham è l'addetto alle ambulanze che lavora a stretto contatto con Luke, nonostante la loro rivalità. Dal 2004 le vicende si sono concentrate sul Pronto Soccorso gestito dal Dr. Frank Campion.
Nel 2007 viene costituita Fato Professional srl, società che ha rilevato la gestione di Fato Italia srl, azienda leader produttrice di tovaglie e tovaglioli colorati e decorati per il mercato Ho.re.ca.
Il 2 gennaio 2015, Abd Allah è stato ricoverato a Riyad per una polmonite ed è morto all'una di notte del 23 gennaio, all'età di 90 anni. Come da tradizione islamica, il suo funerale si è tenuto lo stesso giorno, in una cerimonia pubblica presso la Grande Moschea di Riyad prima della sepoltura in una tomba anonima nel cimitero al-'Ud. Sono stati dichiarati tre giorni di lutto nazionale. Le bandiere sono volate a mezz'asta a Buckingham Palace e all'Abbazia di Westminster a Londra.
A causa dei costi elevati di produzione, nel luglio 2009 Tim Worner, direttore della programmazione di Seven Network, ha annunciato la cancellazione della serie. Le riprese dell'ultimo episodio sono state effettuate il 26 agosto 2009.
In questo periodo scopre quello che oggi è noto come "disturbo di Mikulicz": un'infiammazione simmetrica delle ghiandole salivari e lacrimali.
La Morgan Library & Museum è nata come collezione privata del banchiere John Pierpont Morgan. Il figlio di Morgan, J.P. Morgan Jr, convertì la collezione in un'istituzione pubblica nel 1924. Conserva un patrimonio di manoscritti rari, stampe e libri tra i più preziosi del mondo.
Per la CBS ha partecipato alla serie televisiva What's My Line? Mystery Guests, in onda la domenica sera. Altri special che l'hanno vista protagonista sono stati poi Meet Me in St. Louis, Young at Heart, Feathertop, Danny Thomas Show 1967, Victor Borge Show, Ruggles of Red Gap e Hooray for Love, oltre a The Dick Powell Show e The DuPont Show with June Allyson. Un insuccesso si rivelò invece il pilot di una sitcom intitolata The Jane Powell Show.
Nel 1981 esce il suo primo singolo Oceania che viene presentato in una competizione canora per scoprire nuovi talenti all'interno del programma Domenica in presentato quell'anno da Pippo Baudo; la canzone sul retro, Sangue fragile, vede Minghi come coautore della musica.
Cesare Augusto Levi, Navi da guerra costruite nell'Arsenale di Venezia dal 1664 al 1896, Venezia, Stabilimento Tipografico Fratelli Visentini, 1896.
È di quegli stessi anni anche l'infatuazione per la poesia: il gruppo inizia a frequentare il circolo dei poeti irlandesi residenti in Umbria e, in particolare, con l'autore MacDara Woods avvia uno speciale connubio che produrrà una prima collaborazione in Elvengamello e, a seguire, la realizzazione del poema in musica "Above Pesaro" nel '99 e diverse apprezzate esibizioni dal vivo di musica e poesia.
Queste letture, relativamente tardive, segnano profondamente Hoffmann, è una rivelazione a se stesso e lo aiutano a concepire la sua opera personale. Zacharias Werner, personalità complessa, gli fa scoprire l'attrazione per la religione e un'atmosfera di mistero. A Varsavia, Hoffmann si appassiona anche al teatro, fa dieci progetti di opere, compone una messa solenne, una sinfonia, un quintetto, delle canzoni all'italiana. Riesce a far recitare a teatro l'opera che trae dai Gioiosi musicisti di Clemens Brentano. In compenso, a Berlino, Iffland rifiuta La croce sul Baltico, il cui testo è di Zacharias Werner e la musica di Hoffmann, al quale si preferisce un altro compositore. Questa opera è considerata il primo esempio di musica romantica. Continua a dipingere, lavorando agli affreschi del palazzo di Mniszek, sede della società musicale, ma, ritornandogli il gusto della satira, dà agli dei egizi di uno dei suoi affreschi l'aspetto caricaturale dei funzionari da cui dipende, il che gli crea qualche noia.
Nella lotta a livello scolastico è stato per due volte campione dell'Arizona per le high school, campione NJCAA al college e ha proseguito anche come studente all'università statale dell'Arizona.
Paolo Cau, Gli ultimi quindici anni della Marina Veneta nei documenti dell'Archivio di Stato a Cagliari, in Le armi di San Marco, Verona, Storia Italiana di Storia Militare, 2011.
Nel 1983, Ivan Lendl, John McEnroe e Mats Wilander disputarono la manifestazione. Wilander vinse il titolo del singolare. A seguito dell'edizione del 1983, l'International Tennis Federation indusse la Lawn Tennis Association of Australia a cambiare il sito del torneo, perché lo stadio Kooyong era inadeguato ad ospitare un grande evento, e nel 1988 il torneo si disputò per la prima volta presso il Flinders Park (più tardi rinominata Melbourne Park) che usava come superficie il Rebound Ace.
Probabilmente la torre fu ampliata o ricostruita intorno al '500 dall'architetto fiorentino Camillo Camilliani, divenendo quel castello di cui rimane oggi solo la parte centrale, che rappresenta il più importante patrimonio artistico-culturale di Spadafora. Il castello venne restaurato una prima volta nel '600.
$25 milioni da altri fondi governativi. L'11 febbraio 2014 venne ufficializzato che il progetto dell'arena era completamente finito e si poteva dare quindi il via alla costruzione dell'edificio.
Era ancora adolescente quando iniziò a cantare alla radio. Lavorò poi in teatro prima di passare al cinema nel 1944 con una scrittura alla Universal Studios. Il suo film di debutto fu Song of the Open Road, girato quando aveva quindici anni. Il nome del personaggio da lei interpretato - Jane Powell - sarebbe diventato poi, su suggerimento della MGM, il suo nome d'arte. Attiva anche in teatro, nel 1954 ebbe grande notorietà come interprete di Milly, la protagonista del musical Sette spose per sette fratelli. Il suo nome è iscritto fra quello delle celebrità della Hollywood Walk of Fame al numero 6818 dell'Hollywood Boulevard.
In Italia è presente sulle coste tirreniche, ioniche e basso-adriatiche (Liguria, Toscana, Sardegna, Lazio, Campania, Puglia, Basilicata, Calabria, Sicilia).
Il ritorno nell'ottagono per Velasquez avverrà ad UFC 146 contro Frank Mir, in un incontro che determinerà il primo sfidante al titolo dei pesi massimi, detenuto dal vincitore del match tra Junior dos Santos e Alistair Overeem: a causa però di un controllo antidoping su Overeem risultato positivo, il lottatore olandese venne escluso e rimpiazzato con Frank Mir, e Velasquez venne abbinato con Antonio Silva.
Il padre di Judith, József, era fuggito dalla Repubblica Popolare d'Ungheria dopo l'occupazione sovietica durante la rivoluzione ungherese del 1956. Si era infine trasferito a New York nel 1964 e poi in California, dove aveva incontrato Maria Virovacz. Maria, anch'ella un'immigrata ungherese sfuggita all'occupazione sovietica, era nata nelle zone rurali del sud dell'Ungheria, e aveva subito abusi psicologici e fisici dal padre. József e Maria si sposarono, e poco dopo Judith nacque a Los Angeles.Maria iniziò a crescere la figlia per farla diventare un'attrice, e all'età di cinque anni Judith venne scoperta in una pista di pattinaggio. Judith comparve in più di 70 spot pubblicitari e come guest star in televisione. Oltre alla sua carriera in televisione, Judith apparve in diversi film, tra cui Lo squalo 4 - La vendetta, e doppiò il personaggio di Ducky in Alla ricerca della Valle Incantata.
Durante gli anni cinquanta e sessanta, Powell è apparsa regolarmente in spettacoli televisivi, incluse partecipazioni straordinarie accanto ad artisti di grido in varietà in auge in quel periodo: Perry Como Show, The Andy Williams Show, Kraft Music Hall, Frank Sinatra, The Ed Sullivan Show, The Hollywood Palace, The Red Skelton Show, Eddie Fisher, The Dinah Shore Show, The Dean Martin Show, The Smothers Brothers, Alan King, This is Tom Jones, The Garry Moore Show, The Jerry Lewis Show e The Judy Garland Show.
L'Euforbia arborea (Euphorbia dendroides L., 1753) è una pianta della famiglia Euphorbiaceae, comune negli ambienti di macchia mediterranea.
Enrico Fabris (Italia, pattinaggio di velocità): è il vero protagonista della squadra padrona di casa vincendo 2 ori e 1 bronzo nella specialità, prime medaglie in assoluto nella specialità per la squadra azzurra che vincerà la prima gara a squadre introdotta ai Giochi, l'inseguimento sui 3200 metri.
Nel 2012, il sovrano è stato nominato il più influente musulmano tra 500 candidati per i precedenti quattro anni. Nel dicembre dello stesso anno, Forbes lo ha indicato come settima persona più potente del mondo del 2012, unico arabo nella top ten.
How Deep Is Your Love è inoltre una cover della boy band inglese Take That, l'unico inedito del Greatest Hits che uscì prima dello scioglimento della band. Rappresentò a lungo l'ultimo singolo del gruppo, prima della fortunata reunion datata 2006.
Sebbene il nome Militia circoli solo dalla fine del 1982, il gruppo in realtà si è costituito a Perugia nel 1979, dapprima con il nome "Lo Noize", poi con quello di "Strange Militia".Inizialmente il suo stile è vicino alla sensibilità della new wave e della scena post-punk britannica, pur avendo già in organico apparecchiature elettroniche, che con il tempo andranno a caratterizzare sempre più il marchio di fabbrica dei Militia.
Fin dalle origini il gruppo è stato composto da Dario Bavicchi (chitarra, tastiere, elettronica, voci), Fabrizio Croce (ritmi, elettronica, voci) e Giovanni Romualdi (chitarre), e questa formazione è rimasta tale fino ad oggi.
Nella chiesa di Santa Chiara fu sepolto il doge Nicolò Donà, morto di apoplessia a soli trentaquattro giorni dall'elezione e la cui tomba e relativa lapide andarono disperse quando la chiesa passò al demanio.
Nel 2004 ha interrotto la sua lunga relazione con Ellen Fenster. Dal 2012 ha una relazione con l'attrice inglese Tamsin Egerton. Nel novembre 2015 nasce a Londra la prima figlia della coppia e nell'agosto 2017 nasce il secondogenito.
New York è sede della National Football League, della Major League Baseball, della National Basketball Association, e della National Hockey League. Quattro dei dieci stadi più costosi mai costruiti in tutto il mondo (MetLife Stadium, il nuovo Yankee Stadium, il Madison Square Garden e il Citi Field) si trovano nella zona metropolitana di New York.New York è stata descritta come la "capitale del baseball". Le squadre cittadine hanno vinto 35 Major League League World Series e 73 gagliardetti. Inoltre, la città, è una delle cinque aree metropolitane (insieme a Los Angeles, Chicago, Baltimora, Washington e San Francisco Bay Area) ad avere due squadre di baseball.
Il campo centrale, la Rod Laver Arena, può ospitare 20 000 spettatori a sedere e, come il campo numero uno ristrutturato e denominato Hisense Arena (in precedenza Vodafone Arena), è dotato di copertura mobile e può essere richiuso in caso di pioggia o di caldo estremo. È stato il primo torneo del Grande Slam in cui si è potuto giocare al coperto.
Raekwon entra nel collettivo del Wu-Tang Clan nei primi anni novanta e partecipa al successo del gruppo, dovuto al disco "Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers)" (Loud Records 1993). Dopo il boom dell'album i membri del Clan cominciano a lavorare ai progetti solisti; Raekwon aspetta il 1995 per pubblicare "Only Built 4 Cuban Linx..." (Loud Records). Il lavoro, prodotto interamente da RZA, si rivela il primo esperimento di mafia rap, ispirato alla cultura italo-americana e nel quale i testi descrivono scene di traffico di cocaina ed attività criminali. Il disco si rivela un successo discografico e fa da esempio a molti altri lavori usciti in seguito come "Reasonable Doubt" di Jay-Z o "It Was Written..." di Nas. Per l'occasione tutti i membri del Clan newyorkese acquisiscono un nuovo alias: Method Man diventa Johnny Blaze, Raekwon si trasforma in Lou Diamonds e così via. A collaborare strettamente con Raekwon è Ghostface Killah il quale vorrà Chef come ospite speciale nel suo disco di debutto, Ironman (1996 Epic Records).
In quell'anno Guzzi punta in alto, dopo che notizie ufficiali e verificabili danno, in gennaio e febbraio 2007, la casa di Mandello in crescita di immatricolazioni rispetto al primo bimestre 2006 del 34,6%, cifre esaltanti e rassicuranti che fanno promettere l'abbattimento della soglia 10000 toccata nella storica data dell'11 dicembre 2006.
Questa è la lista dei lungometraggi live-action (ovvero girati dal vivo) prodotti o coprodotti da Walt Disney Pictures fuori da serie o categorie specifiche, e distribuiti nelle sale cinematografiche.
4 Tunçeri, 5 Türkoğlu, 6 Türkcan, 7 Erden, 8 Konuk, 9 Yıldırım, 10 Kutluay, 11 Okur, 12 Beşok, 13 Oyguç, 14 Pars, 15 Sarıca, All. Erman KunterFIBA EuroBasket 2001
4 Uyguç, 5 Hoşgör, 6 Kaplanoğlu, 7 Kobaner, 8 Ülkü, 9 Baturalp, 10 Salnur, 11 Dağlı, 12 Büyükaycan, 13 Esel, 14 Demir, 15 Kozluca, All. Yalçın GranitFIBA EuroBasket 1971
Parrocchiale di Orti - XI secoloFu donata nel 1062 dal conte Milone al monastero di San Giorgio di Verona. Come molti altri lasciti del periodo fu confermato nel 1155 e nel 1177 da Federico Barbarossa. Divenne autonoma come parrocchia con cappellano nel 1526. Nel 1943 fu fortemente ristrutturata con progetto dell'architetto Bertolini.
David Strickland, all'anagrafe David Gordon Strickland Jr. (Glen Cove, 14 ottobre 1969 – Las Vegas, 22 marzo 1999), è stato un attore statunitense, conosciuto principalmente per la parte del reporter di musica rock Todd Stites nella sitcom della NBC Susan.
Del 2005 è, invece, il cd Com'erano venute buone le ciliegie nella primavera del '42, dai testi molto poetici e gli arrangiamenti acustici. L'album vede la partecipazione straordinaria della regista cinematografica Lina Wertmüller nelle vesti di cantante della title track.
Ha collaborato con alcune radio nazionali tra cui Radio Montecarlo e Radio 105 per la realizzazione di compilation a tema sui programmi dei palinsesti; ha supportato la partecipazione al Festival di Sanremo di etichette discografiche ed artisti della propria scuderia. A Sanremo con Albano Carrisi nel 2007, Amedeo Minghi, Andrea Bonomo e La Scelta nel 2008, Fausto Leali e Iva Zanicchi nel 2009; ha dato avvio al progetto di ricerca e riedizione in vinile degli album originali di grandi artisti italiani ed internazionali, tra cui la discografia storica di Vasco Rossi: Bollicine, Cosa succede in città, C'è chi dice no, Va bene, va bene così e Vado al massimo, alcuni album di Mina, Ennio Morricone, Mina & Gaber, Fred Bongusto e Astor Piazzolla.
Carmen è di nuovo amministratrice dell'orfanotrofio e Belén e Facundo stanno ancora insieme, anche se a lei manca ancora Martín. Grazie all'intervento di Jime, i due amici Roña e Corcho riescono ad entrare nell'abitazione. I due sono i primi maschi a far parte dell'orfanotrofio. Carmen non è d'accordo nel entrare i due ragazzi e farli vivere insieme alle ragazze, ma il Tribunale dei minori interviene e permette loro di rimanere. Rientra nella casa Mosca e arriva Guille. Ernestina è sostituita da Matilde, una donna misteriosa che scopre il segreto di Mili. Racconta tutto a Carmen e questa finisce in ospedale. Temporaneamente, prende il suo posto Belén lottando per i diritti dei bambini dell'orfanotrofio. Diventa la madre adottiva di Sol, dopo la morte di Leticia.
Le isole su cui sorge Murano sono poste lungo il canale dei Marani e sono divise da canali e rii e collegate tra loro da ponti; il loro territorio è totalmente urbanizzato, escludendo Sacca San Mattia, tuttora in fase di bonifica. Due isole sono di origine artificiale: Sacca Serenella e Sacca San Mattia.
La carriera di Sanders raggiunse l'apice con la conquista del premio Oscar al miglior attore non protagonista nel 1951 per l'interpretazione del velenoso critico teatrale Addison DeWitt, amante della svampita attrice Claudia Caswell (Marilyn Monroe) in Eva contro Eva (1950). Durante il decennio continuò ad apparire regolarmente sullo schermo, prevalentemente in pellicole d'avventura come Ivanhoe (1952), Riccardo Cuor di Leone (1954) e Il covo dei contrabbandieri (1956). Nella sua unica esperienza italiana, interpretò il marito di Ingrid Bergman, una donna in crisi sentimentale, ne Viaggio in Italia (1953), diretto da Roberto Rossellini.
Situata sulla cosiddetta baia di New York (New York Bay), in parte sul continente e in parte su isole, è amministrativamente divisa in cinque distretti (borough): Manhattan, The Bronx, Queens, Brooklyn e Staten Island. Di essi, uno è nel continente (il Bronx, situato a nord di Manhattan), tre si trovano su isole: (Staten Island, di fronte al New Jersey; Queens e Brooklyn, rispettivamente nell'estremità nord-occidentale e sud-occidentale dell'isola di Long Island) e uno, Manhattan, sull'appendice inferiore della penisola su cui si trova anche il Bronx e che da esso è separato dall'Harlem River, fiume-canale che collega l'Hudson all'East River. I cinque distretti sono sedi di contea metropolitana: la contea di New York propriamente detta occupa il territorio di Manhattan, quella di Kings il territorio di Brooklyn e quella di Richmond il territorio di Staten Island; le altre due contee (Bronx e Queens) sono omonime dei distretti e si sovrappongono al loro territorio amministrativo. New York è inoltre riconosciuta come una delle città con i panorami urbani più impressionanti del mondo.
3 Barokas, 4 Seldüz, 5 Tankut, 6 Tankut, 7 Öztürk, 8 Habib, 9 Tekeli, 10 Uras, 11 Partener, 12 Koray, 13 Yalım, 14 Göreç, 15 Benazus, All. -FIBA EuroBasket 1951
Dan Zhang e Hao Zhang (Cina, pattinaggio di figura): protagonisti di una rovinosa caduta che li ha costretti a sospendere la prova, si rialzano ed eseguono un esercizio di così alto livello da consentir loro di salire comunque sul secondo gradino del podio.
Nel 1988 partecipano al Festival di Sanremo con il brano La prima stella della sera incluso come inedito nella raccolta 10 grandi successi. Nel 1989, all'apice del successo con il singolo Stringimi, presentato in estate al Festivalbar, e il seguente album Red Corner, Antonella Ruggiero lascia il gruppo, sia a causa della sua maternità, sia per seguire strade personali.
Nel 1801 rompe il fidanzamento con la cugina, attirandosi così il biasimo della famiglia. Ugualmente si rende impopolare presso i suoi colleghi e superiori a causa delle caricature, che circolano in città. Per queste impertinenze verrà mandato, per penitenza, in un centro meno importante: il 21 febbraio 1802 un decreto lo nomina consigliere a Płock, con lo stipendio di 800 scudi l'anno. Ma intanto conosce a Posen la figlia di un funzionario polacco, Maria Thekla Michalina Rorer-Trzynska (1781-1859), detta Rohrer (secondo l'usanza di germanizzare i nomi), di cui si sa poco, ma che egli sposa il 26 luglio nella chiesa cattolica Corpus-Cristi e che rimarrà fino alla fine accanto a lui. Esiliato a Płock, un piccolo borgo triste di tremila abitanti, quasi tutti polacchi, tra luglio 1802 e la primavera 1804 incomincia a scrivere il suo diario, scritto in parte con caratteri greci o con abbreviazioni, per impedire alla moglie di curiosarci.
Per una serata - il 31 dicembre 2007 - ha fatto ritorno nella sua città natale, Portland (Oregon), per una lettura, accompagnata dall'orchestra Pink Martini, dell'opera di Sergei Prokofiev Pierino e il lupo. Ha poi partecipato il 9 marzo 2008, ancora con la Pink Martini, ad uno spettacolo alla Avery Fisher Hall di New York, cantando in duo con China Forbes Aba Daba Honeymoon.
La sua origine deriva probabilmente dalla mitologia greca, in cui gli eroi – Eracle (Ercole) in primis – alla loro morte venivano portati sull'Olimpo; ma essere eroi implicava, appunto, avere compiuto una serie di imprese faticose.
Nell'agosto 2010, ha decretato che solo agli studiosi religiosi ufficialmente riconosciuti e associati al Consiglio superiore degli ulema sarebbe stato permesso di emettere le fatwa. Decreti simili erano stati in precedenza applicati raramente. Le fatwa specifiche relative a questioni personali erano esenti dal regio decreto. La norma ha inoltre incaricato il Gran Mufti di identificare gli studiosi ammissibili.Alla luce della primavera araba, Abd Allah ha istituito un programma da 37 miliardi di dollari (32,8 miliardi di euro) da distribuire fra sussidi di disoccupazione, finanziamenti per l'educazione e l'edilizia, remissioni dei debiti e un nuovo canale sportivo. C'era anche l'impegno di spendere un totale di 400 miliardi di dollari entro la fine del 2014 per migliorare l'istruzione, l'assistenza sanitaria e le infrastrutture del regno. Tuttavia, la polizia saudita ha arrestato cento manifestanti sciiti che si lamentavano delle discriminazioni subite dal governo. In seguito, nel settembre 2011, nell'ambito delle proteste che stavano turbando il regno, il sovrano ha annunciato la concessione del diritto di voto alle donne nelle elezioni municipali del 2015, un primo significativo passo di riforma nel paese da quando la protesta era cominciata. Egli ha anche affermato che le donne sarebbero state ammesse nella non elettiva Assemblea Consultiva.Nel gennaio 2012, il sovrano ha licenziato il capo della potente polizia religiosa saudita, Abd al-Aziz al-Humain, sostituendolo con un religioso più moderato, Abdullatif Abdel Aziz al-Sheikh. Il sovrano, nel 2009, aveva nominato Humain capo della forza che assicura l'applicazione rigorosa della versione ultra-conservatrice dell'Islam, come un segno di riforma di essa. Humain ha assunto consulenti per ristrutturare l'organizzazione, ha incontrato i gruppi locali per i diritti umani e consultato costruttori d'immagine professionisti in una vasta campagna di pubbliche relazioni. Sotto la sua guida la commissione ha anche esaminato e punito alcuni ufficiali per comportamento scorretto.
Il padre, Nino (da non confondersi con l'omonimo attore), era un pittore lombardo mentre la madre era nativa di Celle sul Rigo, paesino della provincia senese a cui Castelnuovo in seguito dedicherà la canzone 160 km da Roma. Mario cresce a Roma e, pur dipingendo per hobby, si dedica invece alla musica.
Gerda Weißensteiner (Italia, bob), tocca 6 presenze ai Giochi olimpici, insieme allo slittinista Wilfried Huber, e conquista il bronzo nel bob a 2 (in coppia con Jennifer Isacco), 12 anni dopo l'oro in slittino a Lillehammer e diventando così la prima e unica atleta ad aver vinto due medaglie olimpiche in due discipline diverse.
San Crescenzo è stato un giovane cristiano che subì il martirio, probabilmente durante l'impero di Diocleziano; è venerato dalla Chiesa cattolica come santo martire.
La Moto Guzzi, non dimenticando le proprie imprese anche in campo "fuoristrada" presenta la nuova Stelvio, una endurona stradale da 1.200 cc quattro valvole per cilindro, volta a reintrodurre la Casa di Mandello nel settore, dopo le Quota V1000 e NTX 750 degli anni novanta.
La secondaria, Theta Aurigae B, è invece una stella gialla di sequenza principale, separata visualmente di 3,5 secondi d'arco, nella realtà dista 185 U.A. da A ed impiega almeno 1200 anni a completare una rivoluzione attorno alla principale. La sua massa è equiparabile a quella solare.
È diffusa soprattutto in India a sud delle pianure gangetiche fino allo stato del Tamilnadu. L'Orissa costituisce il confine orientale della sua distribuzione, mentre la frammentata popolazione di Gir è quella dalla distribuzione più occidentale. Esiste anche una piccola popolazione nelle foreste più secche del Nepal.
Nel 1990, in seguito all'uscita di Antonella Ruggiero dal gruppo dopo un sodalizio di quattordici anni, prende il suo posto Laura Valente, che farà parte dei Matia Bazar fino al 1998.
Abd Allah ha mantenuto importanti incarichi politici durante la maggior parte della sua vita adulta. Nel 1961 divenne sindaco di La Mecca, la sua prima carica pubblica. L'anno successivo, fu nominato Comandante della Guardia Nazionale, incarico che ha mantenuto anche durante la prima metà del suo regno. Ha lavorato anche come vice ministro della difesa ed è stato nominato principe ereditario quando il fratellastro Fahd salì al trono nel 1982. Dopo che questi, nel 1995, fu colpito da un grave ictus, Abd Allah divenne reggente dell'Arabia Saudita fino a quando salì al trono un decennio più tardi.
Al Salone di Milano del novembre 2005, Moto Guzzi ribadisce la sua ritrovata vitalità presentando una Gran Turismo su base Breva V1100 e dotata dello stesso nuovo motore portato però a 1134 cm³, è la Norge 1200, il cui nome si rifà al citato raid del 1928. Sempre nella stessa occasione i 35 anni della California vengono festeggiati con la versione California Vintage, nera con bordature bianche, valigie in metallo e dall'aspetto indiscutibilmente retrò. L'elevato contenuto tecnologico di Moto Guzzi viene ancora una volta ribadito, Moto Guzzi è la prima casa motociclistica ad avere in produzione solo modelli omologati Euro 3.
La serie è stata organizzata sotto il patrocinio dell'Associazione che gestisce il trathlon a livello mondiale - la International Triathlon Union (ITU).
Manhattan (Contea di New York, 1.629.054 abitanti), è il centro culturale, amministrativo e degli affari. Manhattan è la zona più densamente popolata della città e ospita gran parte dei luoghi e degli edifici che la caratterizzano maggiormente. A Manhattan si trova, ad esempio, la maggior parte dei grattacieli newyorkesi. Da menzionare il celebre Central Park. A Manhattan è presente il quartiere di Harlem, l'unica zona con prevalenza afro-americana.
In quel decennio intenso i Militia, infatti, si sono esibiti oltre cento volte ed hanno diviso il palco con molte bands esponenti di quella stessa scena New Wave (tra cui Take 4 Doses, Weimar Gesang, Violet Eves, Dirty Kids, No Fun, Savage circle ed i futuri La Crus), ma anche con artisti di altra estrazione musicale, sia italiani (Grazia Di Michele, Goran Kuzminac, Roberto Ciotti) che stranieri (Terje Ripdal, Inti-Illimani, Patrick Fitzgerald, Breathless, Francois R. Cambuzat, Artery, Mary Kelley, Subway to Sally).
I XX Giochi olimpici invernali furono assegnati a Torino il 19 giugno 1999 durante il 109º congresso del Comitato Olimpico Internazionale (CIO) svoltosi a Seul.In quella sede vennero presentate sei candidature: Helsinki (Finlandia), Klagenfurt (Austria), Poprad-Tatry (Slovacchia), Sion (Svizzera), Torino (Italia) e Zakopane (Polonia). Dopo la presentazione venne eletta una commissione selezionatrice che scelse come finaliste Sion e Torino. Tutti i delegati del CIO furono quindi chiamati a votare tra le due città. Torino venne scelta con 53 voti contro i 36 di Sion.Nel 2002, in occasione della Cerimonia di chiusura dei XIX Giochi olimpici invernali di Salt Lake City 2002 il Comitato Organizzatore è stato incaricato di realizzare, come divenuto tradizione, lo show di Passaggio della Bandiera: (Flag Handover Torino 2006). È così nato un segmento di 12' di grande spettacolarità che ha presentato in anteprima il logo dei Giochi mettendo in scena il meglio dell'identità italiana e torinese.
Podarcis siculus coeruleus (Eimer, 1872) - endemica del Faraglione di Fuori e del Faraglione di Mezzo (Capri); presenta dorso nero e gola, ventre, fianchi e sottocoda di un azzurro acceso
Costruita intorno alla fine del '500, la chiesa di San Giuseppe era originariamente la cappella di famiglia dei Principi Spadafora. In anni successivi subì modifiche ed ampliamenti nel corso delle quali furono costruite la volta e la sacrestia. La statua di San Giuseppe, scultura in legno, è stata costruita da Antonio Zuccaro nel 1860 come si legge nell'iscrizione nella base del simulacro di San Giuseppe (vicino al piede sinistro). La statua dell'Immacolata è anch'essa in legno, mentre le statue del Sacro Cuore di Gesù, di Sant'Antonio, di San Giovanni Battista e della Madonna del Rosario sono realizzate in cartapesta.
L'impegno nella sanità pubblica ha incluso una campagna di prevenzione del cancro al seno e l'istituzione di una rete avanzata di screening epidemiologici per tutelare i 3 milioni di pellegrini annuali dell'Hajj.Re Abd Allah ha implementato numerose misure di riforma. Ha nuovamente rinnovato il ministero dell'istruzione nel febbraio 2009 mettendone a capo il genero Faysal bin Abd Allah bin Mohammed Al Sa'ud. Ha inoltre nominato Nora Al Fayez, un ex insegnante formatasi negli Stati Uniti, vice ministro e responsabile dell'istruzione femminile.Con la collaborazione dell'allora ministro della giustizia Abd Allah bin Muhammad Al ash-Sheikh ha realizzato una ristrutturazione da cima a fondo dei tribunali volta a introdurre, tra le altre cose, la revisione delle decisioni giudiziarie, la formazione più professionale per i giudici della Shari'a. Ha sviluppato una nuova agenzia di promozione degli investimenti per rendere meno contorto il processo di creazione di un'azienda. Ha creato un organismo di regolamentazione per i mercati dei capitali. Ha promosso la costruzione dell'Università per la Scienza e la Tecnologia Re Abd Allah. Ha investito nella formazione della forza lavoro per le professioni avanzate. Il governo saudita sta incoraggiando lo sviluppo di settori non idrocarburici in cui il regno ha un vantaggio comparato, compresa l'estrazione, l'energia solare e il turismo religioso. Il bilancio del 2010 rifletteva queste priorità, infatti circa il 25 per cento di esso è stato dedicato alla formazione, garantendo un notevole stimolo all'economia.
Le prime tracce scritte dell'esistenza di Bonavigo risalgono all'887. Fu dopo quel periodo che i monaci benedettini deviarono ed incanalarono il corso dell'Adige sull'attuale percorso, dando stabilità al territorio. Fino al dominio veneziano il territorio comunale ebbe una forte instabilità di comando e fu preda di scorrerie ed invasioni.
4 Konuk, 5 Tunçeri, 6 Türkcan, 7 Ene, 8 Aydın, 9 Erdenay, 10 Kutluay, 11 Evliyaoğlu, 12 Beşok, 13 Oyguç, 14 Girgin, 15 Sarıca, All. Ercüment SunterFIBA EuroBasket 1999
New York è stata descritta, dai consolati diplomatici islandesi e lettoni, come capitale culturale del mondo. Un libro che contiene una serie di saggi, dal titolo New York, la capitale della cultura del mondo (1940-1965), è stato pubblicato dalla National Library of Australia.
Come Luz, Sander e Juanita vanno alla ricerca dei propri figli perduti. Gli orfani sono lasciatii nelle mani di Enzo. Tuttavia, il tribunale dei minori assume una donna di nome Lidia che priva dei propri sogni i bambini. Camila e Luisana sono preoccupate, perché non hanno avuto notizie dall'inizio del viaggio di Felipe e Bautista; in realtà sono stati rapiti dagli uomini di Paula, ma riescono a liberarsi grazie ad un incidente ai danni della donna. Sono stati salvati da Miki, ma Bautista ha un'amnesia. I tre torneranno nella città natale.
I quindici anni spesi a Breslavia sono per Mikulicz estremamente produttivi: migliora le procedure della chirurgia addominale proposte in quel periodo, eseguendo la resezione di un segmento distale di un colon affetto da neoplasia maligna, oggi nota come operazione di Paul-Mikulicz o Bloch-Mikulicz; propone una modifica alla gastrectomia parziale e introduce l'utilizzo di una pinza peritoneale per tenere stretto il peritoneo durante la laparotomia per proteggere l'incisione dalla contaminazione e prevenire una retrazione del peritoneo stesso. Successivamente introduce un metodo di resezione del muscolo sternocleidomastoideo nel trattamento del torcicollo miogeno.
Un regista comico di successo, Sandy Bates, è in crisi esistenziale: non riesce a mediare la transitorietà del mondo e cerca di esprimere questo in un film ermetico che i suoi produttori cercano in tutti i modi di rendere più commerciale. Costretto a partecipare per un week-end a una rassegna di tutti i suoi film, incontra un gran numero di persone, compreso un gruppo di alieni. Nella stessa occasione Bates incontra Isobel, ex amante che ha appena lasciato il marito, e Daisy, intellettuale e problematica. Ancora scottato dalla focosa relazione con l'instabile Dorrie, si trova di fronte ad un'altra difficile scelta.
New York possiede edifici architettonicamente degni di nota, disegnati in una vasta gamma di stili e progettati in tempi che vanno dal 1656, data a cui risale la più antica parte della città, fino al moderno One World Trade Center, il grattacielo costruito a Ground Zero a Lower Manhattan.La Skyline di Manhattan, con i suoi grattacieli, è universalmente riconosciuta e la città è la sede di molti degli edifici più alti del mondo. Al 2011, New York possedeva 5.937 grattacieli, di cui 550 strutture completate di almeno 100 metri di altezza - secondo posto al mondo dopo Hong Kong - e più di 50 grattacieli completati più alti di 200 m. Questi ultimi includono il Woolworth Building (1913), un grattacielo costruito in architettura neogotica.
Tra gli uomini ha vinto per il secondo anno consecutivo lo spagnolo Mario Mola, mentre la gara femminile è andata, come per il 2016, alla bermudiana Flora Duffy.
Pieve di S. Maria in Loc. Ciusara - XI secoloFaceva parte di un monastero Camaldolese. Conserva opere di tradizione bizantina fatte da maestro Ciconia presente in altre chiese della provincia. (vedi il link sotto) Sulla facciata ad archi rampanti si apre il rosone caratteristico. L'interno è a una sola navata e le absidi laterali sono abbellite da affreschi.
Nel 2012 acquisisce gli stabilimenti italiani dell'americana Georgia-Pacific di Castelnuovo Garfagnana (LU) e Avigliano (PZ) ed i marchi Tenderly e Tutto. Contestualmente, Georgia-Pacific Italia srl, cambia la propria ragione sociale in Airtissue srl.
La serie di gare dei Campionati del mondo ha toccato Abu Dhabi, Gold Coast, Yokohama per poi raggiungere Leeds, Amburgo, Edmonton, Montreal, Stoccolma e Rotterdam.
Guido Candiani, Dalla galea alla nave di linea: le trasformazioni della marina veneziana (1572-1699), Novi Ligure, Città del Silenzio, 2012.
Nel 2005, ha implementato un programma di borse di studio governative che hanno permesso di inviare giovani uomini e donne a studiare all'estero in diversi atenei in tutto il mondo per gli studi universitari e post-laurea. Il programma ha offerto fondi per le spese scolastiche e quotidiane fino a quattro anni. Si stima che più di 70 000 studenti si siano formati all'estero, in più di 25 paesi. Stati Uniti, Inghilterra e Australia sono le prime tre destinazioni scelte dai giovani studenti sauditi. Attualmente, più di 22 000 giovani studiano negli Stati Uniti.
Per i Giochi Paralimpici invernali del 2006 il TOROC ha successivamente richiesto ad Albuquerque la creazione di una nuova mascotte simile alle linee creative di Neve e Gliz. L'artista ha creato "Aster", un fiocco di neve stilizzato che trasmette gli ideali paraolimpici: la determinazione, la passione e il coraggio dell'atleta disabile. Quando è presentato in uniforme sportiva, Aster è di solito rappresentato dal colore verde. Completa anche i colori del logo dei Giochi Paralimpici del 2006.
In questi due anni non prova altro che tristezza e noia e si chiede se non dovrebbe abbandonare la magistratura per volgersi all'arte, senza riuscire a decidersi tra la pittura, la musica e la poesia. Abbozza due opere: Il rinnegato e Faustina. Determinato a scappare da questo esilio, moltiplica le iniziative, sollecita l'intervento dei suoi amici. Nell'attesa riprende la sua abitudine di andare di bar in bar, beve il punch (una bevanda a base di arak, di limone e di zucchero a cui si dà fuoco) e conosce gravi crisi di angoscia nervosa. Infine, grazie a Hippel, ottiene di essere trasferito a Varsavia. Prima di raggiungere il suo nuovo posto di lavoro, trascorre un ultimo soggiorno nella sua città natale nel febbraio 1804. Sua zia è appena morta ed egli teme di non ricevere la sua parte di eredità.
Da sottolineare il fatto che a questa seconda partecipazione la MGS-01 ha subito un notevole sviluppo, essendo ora dotata di raffreddamento a liquido per una cilindrata totale portata a 1.350 cc.
In chimica organica, il butile (abbreviato con But) è un gruppo funzionale alchilico a quattro atomi di carbonio, avente formula -C4H9. L'alcano corrispondente, dal quale si ricava sottraendo un atomo di idrogeno, è il butano.
(DE) Thaddäus Zajaczkowski, A. M. Zamann: Johannes Anton Freiherr von Mikulicz-Radecki (1850–1905). Sein Beitrag zur Urologieentwicklung. Der Urologe 49 (2010), S. 280–285
Questa tendenza al peggioramento e al degrado si invertì solo verso il finire degli anni settanta, con l'elezione a sindaco di Ed Koch; i suoi tre mandati come sindaco (1978-1989) furono caratterizzati da un progressivo miglioramento delle condizioni di vita dei newyorkesi, pur in presenza di forti tensioni razziali. Suo successore fu David Dinkins, primo sindaco nero della storia cittadina, che tuttavia non ebbe un'azione politica di successo e perse le elezioni del 1994 a favore di Rudolph Giuliani. Giuliani, mettendo in pratica il metodo della tolleranza zero, riuscì a liberare definitivamente New York dalla microcriminalità che l'affliggeva, con immediati riflessi sulla consistenza della popolazione della città che tornò ad aumentare superando gli 8 milioni di abitanti.
Nel 1976 nasce il modello più popolare e di successo di quegli anni, il Le Mans. Di questa moto furono prodotte quattro versioni, designate I, II, III e 1000. La I, II e la III serie hanno un motore di 850 cc mentre l'ultima, appunto, di 1000 cm³. Le prime due serie sono caratterizzate dalle teste dei cilindri tonde, mentre le successive squadrate. Tutti i modelli alimentati da carburatori Dell'Orto, da 36 mm sulle 850 e da 40 mm sulla 1000. Quest'ultima nasce con una ruota anteriore da 16", ma la guidabilità ne risente e alla fine degli anni ottanta ne viene approntata una versione con ruota da 18" e semicarena fissa. Le moto erano, e sono ancora, molto apprezzate per il loro stile e per le loro prestazioni. La coppia del motore e la solidità del telaio assicurano la competitività del modello proprio nel periodo in cui i fabbricanti giapponesi si stanno affermando nel mercato motociclistico Europeo.
Bonavigo è situato a circa 34 chilometri a sud-est da Verona, e si trova ad oriente del fiume Adige. Fa parte della Bassa Veronese. Il suo territorio, specialmente nel medioevo, ha subito varie modifiche a cause delle inondazioni e delle variazioni del corso dell'Adige. La modifica più importante è la scomparsa di un ramo dell'Adige che si dirigeva verso Montagnana.
Il 1979 vede la partecipazione all'Eurovision Song Contest con la canzone Raggio di Luna, incisa poi in spagnolo con titolo Rayo de Luna e in inglese come Moonshine. Durante l'autunno viene pubblicato il singolo C'è tutto un mondo intorno, che anticipa l'album Tournée. Nel 1980 il gruppo pubblica l'album Il tempo del sole con il singolo Italian Sinfonia che viene presentato nell'estate al Festivalbar, dove ottiene un ottimo successo.
Bibliografia italiana di Ernst Theodor Amadeus Hoffmann, su Catalogo Vegetti della letteratura fantastica, Fantascienza.com. (aggiornato fino al gennaio 2010)
Nell'estate dello stesso anno il gruppo partecipa al Festivalbar con Piccoli giganti e ad alcune tappe del Cantagiro, dove ripresenta alcuni successi come Ti sento. Proprio questi brani permettono alla formazione di vincere la prima tappa e di gareggiare per la sezione big alla pari con i brani di Aleandro Baldi, che, tuttavia, nella tappa finale di Fiuggi vincerà con 770 punti contro i 750 dei Matia. Il 1º novembre 1992, il gruppo tiene un lungo concerto al Rolling Stone di Milano, dove interpreta vecchi brani di successo e canzoni da Anime pigre.
La città di New York si estende su una superficie di 1.214 km², dei quali circa 784 km² situati su terraferma e 430 km² occupati da acque. Il territorio è quasi ovunque estesamente urbanizzato, caratterizzato da una edificazione prevalentemente verticale (per la quale New York è famosa nel mondo) che porta ad elevati valori di densità media di popolazione (superiore in media a 10.000 ab./km², con punte di oltre 25.000 ab./km² a Manhattan).
Dopo lo Iowa Central Community College, Cain frequenta e si laurea presso l'ASU. Qui pratica lotta per tre anni e stabilisce un record di 86–17, piazzandosi al quinto posto del paese nel 2005 e al quarto nel 2006. In questo periodo Cain si allena insieme ai futuri fighter UFC Ryan Bader e C.B. Dollaway.
Nel marzo 1907 fu eletta a far parte del direttivo della Società per l’arbitrato internazionale per la pace di Torino, in cui sedeva tra gli altri Edmondo De Amicis.
La serie si concentra su un gruppo di orfani che vivono in un orfanotrofio chiamato "Rincón de Luz" che vengono aiutatati da Belén. Dalla quinta stagione la storia viene rinnovata con cambio dei personaggi e della trama.
Durante la notte del 28 gennaio una squadra a cavallo e bene armata di "picciotti", guidata dai maggiorenni del paese, fu inviata a Messina, dove si distinse in estenuanti giornate di battaglia fino allo sfortunato epilogo che vide la caduta di Messina, il 7 settembre 1848.
Esistono anche numerose isole di dimensioni più piccole; fra le maggiori vi sono Ellis Island, l'isola in cui un tempo sbarcavano le navi piene di immigrati provenienti dall'Europa, e dove questi venivano tenuti in quarantena per un certo periodo prima di essere ammessi al resto degli Stati Uniti; Liberty Island, l'isola dove è collocata la Statua della Libertà; Governors Island, Rikers Island, situata nell'East River a nord di Manhattan e sede di un enorme complesso carcerario; Roosevelt Island, una piccola isola allungata nell'East River. All'estremità sudorientale della città, compresa nei borough del Queens e di Brooklyn, si trovano inoltre alcune piccole isole protette nella Gateway National Recreational Area.
New York è una delle capitali mondiali anche in fatto di cibo, vantando una cucina influenzata da centinaia di culture diverse. Nei suoi cinque grandi distretti vi sono circa 25,000 ristoranti ed oltre 12,000 tra bodegas, groceries e deli, molti dei quali aperti 24 ore su 24, 7 giorni su 7.
Le dimensioni variano dai 15 ai 25 cm, compresa la coda.Ha una colorazione molto variabile a seconda della sottospecie e delle popolazioni locali: il dorso è verde, verde-oliva o verde-brunastro, variamente macchiettato e/o striato. Il ventre è biancastro o verdastro. Le popolazioni che vivono nelle isole piccole sono molto variabili e presentano grandi diversità nel disegno caratteristico del dorso.
L'industria manifatturiera occupa una notevole percentuale della popolazione attiva, ma il suo ruolo è declinante. I settori principali sono la chimica, la metallurgia, l'abbigliamento, l'alimentare ed i mobili.
Brooklyn (Contea di Kings, 2.567.098 abitanti) è il distretto più popolato. Fino al 1898 era una città indipendente e ha conservato forti caratteri propri. Dispone di un distretto finanziario e di molte aree residenziali, anche storiche.
Il giovane Wilhelm Panse, uno dei vicini, vuole vendicarsi e usa una fionda. Johannes, sperando così di essere rispedito in Argentina, accusa sé stesso quale colpevole, anche se poi spiega che l'incendio è stato un incidente in seguito allo scoppio di un petardo con cui voleva spaventare gli altri ragazzi.
La sua seconda panchina lo vide in Calabria, dove iniziò la stagione di Serie A in maniera positiva, arrivando alla quinta giornata del girone d'andata a essere in testa alla classifica. La compagine, salvatasi dalla retrocessione avvenuta sul campo per lo scandalo delle scommesse che portarono successivamente al ripescaggio, senza molte strutture per allenarsi puntava alla salvezza, con una squadra dall'età media bassa e con elementi dalle categorie inferiori, raggiunta con un settimo posto finale, miglior piazzamento nel ventesimo secolo. Tornò ad allenare i calabresi nel campionato di Serie B 1988-1989, dove fu esonerato e sostituito da Gianni Di Marzio, con la squadra ottava in classifica generale, dopo la prima sconfitta in campionato, contro il Brescia.
I primi ruoli TV durante gli anni novanta includono: Dave's World (1 episodio), Pappa e ciccia (1 episodio) e Innamorati pazzi (5 episodi). Nel 1996 ottiene un ruolo nella serie televisiva Susan con Brooke Shields dove vi rimane per tre stagioni. Nel 1999 è uno dei protagonisti del film Delivered di Guy Ferland, e ha partecipato al film Piovuta dal cielo di Bronwen Hughes con Ben Affleck e Sandra Bullock, che stavano proiettando al cinema proprio nel periodo della sua morte.
La serie ha debuttato il 7 agosto 1995 sul canale argentino Telefe, occupando la stessa posizione oraria del programma Jugate conmigo e ne riprende parte del cast come per Romina Yan e Luciano Castro che prendono parte alla prima stagione. Lo sceneggiato inizia con il format tradizionale delle telenovele: spazi dedicati sia ai giovani che agli adulti. Questo aspetto è cambiato con il passare degli anni, in particolar modo dalla terza stagione del 1997, quando i giovani ricevono maggior importanza nella storia con l'aggiunta di elementi fantasy.
Sono anche capaci di nuotare, sebbene evitino di entrare in acqua.La vita media è di circa 10 anni e vengono predate da serpenti, uccelli, piccoli mammiferi e gli esemplari giovani anche da grandi insetti come le mantidi religiose.
terz-butile: (CH3)3C– (nome sistematico: 1,1-dimetiletile).Dal ciclobutano ha invece origine il ciclobutile, gruppo ciclico a 4 atomi di carbonio con formula -C4H7.
Il faro di Murano è una costruzione cilindrica in marmo d'Istria molto importante nonostante la sua posizione alquanto interna rispetto al mare: il fascio di luce infatti, potenziato da un ingegnoso gioco di specchi, punta diretto al centro della Bocca di Porto del Lido, agevolando il rientro delle navi durante la notte. Durante l'Alto Medioevo, il faro si ergeva sotto forma di torre in legno, non troppo alta, alla cui sommità venivano accesi dei fuochi; la luce prodotta dal fuoco veniva riflessa mediante un gioco di specchi, così secondo una tecnica adottata addirittura dai Romani veniva illuminata la Laguna. È situato all'estremità di Viale Garibaldi (Bressagio), precisamente in Fondamenta Francesco Maria Piave.
A Varsavia, Hoffmann ritrova l'ambiente che gli era piaciuto a Berlino. Ritrova Zacharias Werner, compatriota di Königsberg e figlio di suo padrino, diventa amico di un giovane collega ebreo, di quattro anni più giovane, Julius Eduard Hitzig, suo futuro biografo, che vive a Varsavia da cinque anni e fa parte del gruppo letterario berlinese Nordstern (stella del Nord); è rimasto in contatto con August Wilhelm Schlegel, Adelbert von Chamisso, Friedrich de la Motte Fouqué e Rachel Varnhagen von Ense (1771-1833), nata Levin. È Werner che fa scoprire a Hoffmann la nuova letteratura e gli fa leggere Novalis, Ludwig Tieck, i fratelli August e Friedrich Schlegel, Achim von Arnim, Clemens Brentano, Gotthilf Heinrich von Schubert (l'autore de La simbolica dei sogni e Degli aspetti notturni delle scienze naturali). È Hitzig che dà a Hoffmann le opere di Carlo Gozzi e Calderon.
Coi rosanero gioca ottimamente la stagione 1961-1962, durante il quale faceva il servizio di leva a Roma: preso il posto dell'infortunato Giorgio Sereni, resta lui il titolare del ruolo. Con il Palermo segna solo un gol, su punizione, nella vittoria per 4-2 contro la Juventus del 18 febbraio 1962 con un violento tiro in corsa; al termine del campionato i siciliani si piazzarono all'ottavo posto nella classifica finale, piazzandosi meglio degli stessi piemontesi. Il giocatore definì in termini molto positivi la sua esperienza nelle file del club rosanero.
Le due principali squadre di baseball della città sono i New York Mets e i New York Yankees, che gareggiano in sei partite di ogni stagione regolare, una serie che ha preso il nome di "serie metropolitana". Gli Yankees hanno vinto 27 campionati, mentre i Mets hanno vinto la World Series per due volte. La città, un tempo, era anche sede dei Brooklyn Dodgers (poi diventati i Los Angeles Dodgers), che hanno vinto la World Series una volta, e i New York Giants (poi trasferitisi a San Francisco), che l'hanno vinta per cinque volte. Entrambe le squadre si sono trasferite in California nel 1958. Vi sono anche due piccole squadre del campionato di baseball della città, i Brooklyn Cyclones e gli Staten Island Yankees.La città è rappresentata nella National Football League dai New York Giants e dai New York Jets, anche se entrambe le squadre giocano le partite casalinghe allo stadio MetLife nella vicina East Rutherford, New Jersey, che ha ospitato il Super Bowl nel 2014.I New York Rangers ed i New York Islanders rappresentano la città nella National Hockey League. All'interno dell'area metropolitana c'è il New Jersey Devils, che gioca nella vicina Newark.
I lavori di ammodernamento e ampliamento di undici strade statali e provinciali che collegano Torino con le altre città olimpiche, nonché il completamento della diramazione dell'A55 verso Pinerolo.Sul piano urbanistico, le principali realizzazioni sono state il Palafuksas, edificio di vetro progettato da Massimiliano Fuksas, la nuova Biblioteca civica progettata da Mario Bellini, la nuova Galleria d'arte moderna, e il grande progetto della Spina, che recupererà oltre due milioni di metri quadrati grazie all'interramento delle linee ferroviarie cittadine e alla ristrutturazione delle aree industriali dismesse.
Il Newsweek Champions Cup and the Evert Cup 1997 è stato un torneo di tennis giocato sul cemento. È stata la 19ª edizione del Torneo di Indian Wells, che fa parte della categoria ATP Super 9 nell'ambito dell'ATP Tour 1995, e della Tier II nell'ambito del WTA Tour 1995. Il torneo maschile si è giocato dal 6 al 13 marzo, che quello femminile dal 27 febbraio al 5 marzo 1995 all'Indian Wells Tennis Garden di Indian Wells in California.
La sua carriera viene interrotta dall'omicidio del padre. Processato nel 2014 viene dichiarato incapace di intendere e volere. Nel 2017 torna a giocare nella serie cadetta uruguaiana con l'Huracán.
Il torneo era prima conosciuto come Australasian Championships, poi Australian Championships nel 1927 e l'Australian Open nel 1969. Dal 1905, l'Australian Open è stato organizzato in cinque città australiane e due città della Nuova Zelanda: Melbourne, Sydney, Adelaide, Brisbane, Perth, Christchurch (nel 1906), e Hastings (nel 1912). Nel 1972 si è deciso di disputare il torneo al Kooyong Lawn Tennis Club di Melbourne perché la località aveva attratto il maggior numero di proventi rispetto alle altre.
Mikulicz è il primo a testare sull'uomo, nel 1904, senza però successo -almeno iniziale-, la camera ipobarica, creata da Ferdinand Sauerbruch al fine di superare la pressione endotoracica negativa e che permise lo sviluppo della chirurgia toracica in Germania. Nel 1881 inventa il primo esofago-gastroscopio elettrico, che avrebbe usato successivamente nel fare le biopsie. Concentra i suoi studi sul canale alimentare, compiendo con successo nel 1886 la prima ricostruzione plastica dell'esofago dopo la resezione della sua porzione cervicale. Introduce l'operazione in due stadi per il cancro del colon che prevedeva l'uso di garze tamponanti per avvolgere le viscere addominali (“Mick pad”). Crea dei drenaggi per assorbire le secrezioni presenti nelle cavità delle ferite grandi e profonde.
La presenza del Colle del Piccolo San Bernardo rende certa la presenza umana fin da tempi antichi: in epoca romana il paese aveva il nome Ariolica, mentre in epoca medievale portava il nome di Thuilia. Il toponimo attuale compare nel 1760, sostituito solo nel periodo fascista dal nome Porta Littoria.
La cerimonia di apertura della XX edizione dei Giochi olimpici invernali si è tenuta il 10 febbraio 2006 alle ore 20:00 CET (19:00 UTC), presso lo Stadio Olimpico di Torino (ex Stadio Comunale Vittorio Pozzo).
Raggiunge definitivamente il successo nel 2006 con il drammatico Slevin - Patto criminale accanto a Bruce Willis, Lucy Liu, Ben Kingsley e Morgan Freeman, e con il thriller Black Dahlia al fianco di Scarlett Johansson, Aaron Eckhart, Hilary Swank e Fiona Shaw. Il 2007 è l'anno dell'horror 30 giorni di buio con Ben Foster, e del drammatico La rivincita del campione con Samuel L. Jackson. Nel 2014 entra a far parte del cast di Penny Dreadful, mentre nel 2015 recita in Wild Horses di Robert Duvall.
Il numero 451 (appartamento di Luisa Rey e Sonmi-451) proviene da un classico romanzo di fantascienza di Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451, e indica una temperatura necessaria per bruciare libri.
La Sirena fu la terza unità della Classe Vigilanza ad entrare in servizio nella Armada veneziana. Inizialmente classificata come fregata grande armata con 40 cannoni, passò poi a vascello di secondo rango dotato di armamento di 56 cannoni. Fu nave di bandiera del contrammiraglio Tommaso Condulmer durante la spedizione contro i pirati barbareschi tunisini condotta dall'ammiraglio Angelo Emo, e poi dallo stesso Condulmier, negli anni tra il 1784 e il 1788.
Barriera (結界 Kekkai?): è in grado di creare delle potenti barriere protettive, che le permettono di essere invisibile agli occhi di demoni o persone, e può scegliere chi far passare, eccetto Kagome, che è in grado di attraversarla, probabilmente perché conserva il suo stesso potere. Quando si fonde a Midoriko, la sua barriera diviene di gran lunga più potente, tanto da resistere a Tessaiga Rossa di Inuyasha e da riuscire a non far attraversare la barriera da Kagome.
L'antilope quadricorne misura appena mezzo metro d'altezza al garrese e pesa circa 20 chilogrammi. Le antilopi quadricorni hanno un manto giallo-bruno con le regioni inferiori e l'interno delle zampe bianco. Le zampe sono sottili e su quelle anteriori è presente una striscia nera.
Il club approdò nella Primera División nella stagione 1939-1940, alla ripresa del campionato dopo l'interruzione di tre anni a causa della guerra civile.
Nella stagione 1973-74 arrivò terzo e nel 1974-1975 arrivò secondo, superato soltanto dal Real Madrid. La stagione 1976-77 si concluse con la retrocessione della squadra, che tornò in massima serie nella stagione successiva.
Velasquez è riconosciuto come uno dei più forti combattenti della sua categoria di peso, abilissimo nei takedown e nel tenere un ritmo di lotta elevatissimo grazie a delle doti aerobiche eccezionali per un lottatore della sua stazza.
Lettere da Zedelghem (1936): ambientata in Scozia, a Zedelghem, vicino a Edimburgo, dove il giovane musicista Robert Frobisher trova lavoro come copista dall'anziano compositore Vyvyan Ayrs, dal quale Frobisher trova il tempo e l'ispirazione per comporre il suo capolavoro, il Sestetto dell'Atlante delle Nuvole. Ayrs, però, intende rubare il lavoro di Frobisher spacciandolo per suo, e minaccia al giovane di rivelare la sua bisessualità (considerata all'epoca una cosa scandalosa). Frobisher, il quale nel suo tempo libero ha letto parte del diario di bordo scritto da Adam Ewing, decide di assassinare Ayrs. Scappa quindi in un hotel dove, dopo aver finito di scrivere il suo sestetto, si sdraia nella vasca da bagno della sua camera e si suicida con un colpo di pistola in testa. Proprio allora lo raggiunge l'amante Rufus Sixsmith, che abbraccia il suo cadavere in un lutto profondo.
Fra le opere letterarie di maggior successo abbiamo: Colazione da Tiffany di Truman Capote, Il Padrino di Mario Puzo, Poeta nella Nuova New York di Federico Garcia Loca, American Psycho di Bret Easton Ellis, Brooklyn Follies di Paul Auster e Manhattan Transfer di John Dos Passos, ma anche gran parte dei fumetti della Marvel Comics.
New York è sede di numerose università. La più celebre e prestigiosa è la Columbia University, fondata nel 1754 e membro dell'Ivy League. Ma le altre università private della città sono comunque rinomate presso gli studenti di tutto il mondo. Così la University of New York, che ha diversi campus sparsi nella città è la più grande università privata degli Stati Uniti con più di 40.000 studenti, mentre la Fordham University è una delle università gesuitiche più celebri dell'East Coast. Ma New York non conta solo sulle istituzioni private per assicurarsi una reputazione accademica: infatti la City of New York University è la più grande università comunale degli Stati Uniti, mentre il City College of New York, che ha sede nel quartiere di Harlem, è stimato per aver educato molti premi Nobel. Infine, nel campo delle arti la Cooper Union, fondata nel 1859, è uno degli istituti più selettivi al mondo.
Georgi si riunisce alla sua famiglia e lascia l'orfanotrofio. Così come Corcho, che decide di andare a vivere con un signore anziano a cui si affeziona molto. Delfina e Mosca si lasciano definitivamente per i capricci e l'immaturità di lei e alla fine lui si mette con Barbarita.
La canzone ha vinto il Grammy Award for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals 1978 ed è alla posizione #366 nella Lista delle 500 migliori canzoni secondo la rivista Rolling Stone. Nella stessa classifica il gruppo dei Bee Gees è presente anche con Stayin' Alive.
Questa frase dà il nome a una VHS pubblicata nel 1996 contenente il concerto tenuto da Mia Martini il 15 maggio 1992 presso il Teatro Nazionale di Milano. È stato ristampato su VHS e DVD nel 2004.
Uscito negli USA il 26 ottobre 2012, il film è stato distribuito in 2008 sale e ha incassato 9 612 247 dollari nel primo week-end, mentre in Italia, dove ha esordito il 10 gennaio 2013, ha incassato 1 601 496 € al primo week-end, attestandosi al terzo posto, subito dopo Quello che so sull'amore (1 939 932 €) e La migliore offerta (1 735 368 €). A livello globale il film ha incassato 130 482 868 $.
Durante la fuga dalla prigione a Neo-Seoul, nel momento in cui il veicolo sul quale viaggiano Sonmi-451 e Hae-Joo è costretto dalla polizia ad atterrare, c'è un’insegna visibile su un edificio con scritto Swannekke Atomic Power, Inc., che è il nome della società che gestisce la centrale nucleare nel 1973, sulla quale ha indagato Ray.
I Kingston Colonials e i Troy Haymakers si sono fusi nel dicembre 1939; anche i Jersey Reds si sono fusi con i New York Jewels nel gennaio 1940.
Modifiche di dettaglio alla Bellagio, con una colorazione lucida bicolore ed una gamma di accessori che ne amplificano la versatilità (come ad esempio la sella biposto e diversi sistemi di borse per il trasporto bagagli).
Nell'annata 2014-2015 viene aggregato alla prima squadra e viene impiegato come portiere titolare di Copa del Rey, disputando tutte le partite della manifestazione sino all'eliminazione dei catalani in semifinale per mano dell'Athletic Bilbao. Nella stessa stagione esordisce anche in Liga BBVA, subentrando a partita in corso durante la trasferta sul campo del Siviglia.Nella stagione 2015-2016, in seguito alla cessione di Kiko Casilla, diventa il portiere titolare anche in campionato.
Fu per tre periodi alla guida del Como, la prima volta dal 1982 al 1984; con la squadra allora militante in Serie B perse alla prima stagione gli spareggi, mentre nella seconda ottenne la promozione nella massima serie. Durante questo periodo, tra i giocatori da lui valorizzati vi fu il futuro giocatore della nazionale Moreno Mannini. Tornò la seconda volta nel 1988 al posto di Aldo Agroppi, con la squadra militante in Serie A con problemi di classifica e d'infortuni che portò alla salvezza. Nel 1992-1993 condusse la squadra nel campionato di Serie C1, inserendosi più volte nella zona promozione.
Il Diario dal Pacifico di Adam Ewing (1849): Adam Ewing, un avvocato americano di San Francisco, è arrivato alle Isole Chatham per concludere un accordo commerciale con il reverendo Gilles Horrox per il suocero Haskell Moore. Assiste alla fustigazione di uno schiavo Moriori, Autua, che s'imbarca clandestinamente sulla nave di Ewing e convince l'avvocato a sostenerlo per persuadere il capitano a far parte dell'equipaggio come un uomo libero. Nel frattempo il medico Henry Goose avvelena lentamente Ewing, sostenendo di avere la cura per un verme parassita, con l'obiettivo di rubare oggetti di valore di Ewing. Quando Goose tenta di somministrargli la dose fatale, Autua lo salva iniziando una colluttazione con lui; quando lo schiavo sta per avere la peggio, Ewing si riprende in tempo per dare il colpo di grazia al medico. Tornato negli Stati Uniti, Ewing e sua moglie Tilda denunciano lo schiavismo di Moore e lasciano San Francisco per unirsi al movimento abolizionista.
Poteri curativi: ha il potere di curare qualsiasi ferita, specialmente utilizzando erbe mediche. Tuttavia, non riesce a purificare il veleno di Naraku, che la ucciderà, né quello entrato nel sangue di Miroku.
I Creatures (alias la cantante Siouxsie Sioux e il batterista Budgie) registrarono una cover di Right Now nel 1983. Co-prodotto da Mike Hedges, è stato pubblicato come singolo nel luglio dello stesso anno. Questa versione, registrata in stile anni '60 con una sezione di fiati (Gary Barnacle al sassofono, Peter Thoms al trombone e Luke Tunney alla tromba) e timpani, ha raggiunto la posizione numero 14 nella classifica britannica.La versione dei Creatures inizia con una ben delineata introduzione con Siouxsie che scrocchia le dita per segnare il tempo. Hanno anche aggiunto il "palala pam pam" che canta prima dell'arrivo delle conga. Tali accordi speciali non erano presenti nella versione iniziale di Mel Tormé; sono stati elaborati dai Creatures. Successivamente le Pussycat Dolls avrebbero registrato un'altra versione di Right Now con questa distinta introduzione composta da Siouxsie e dal suo compagno Budgie.
È diffusa nel bacino del Mediterraneo ad occidente fino alle coste della Spagna mediterranea e ad oriente fino all'Egeo; nel Nord Africa è presente in Algeria ed in Libia. È inoltre presente in Palestina e nelle Isole Canarie. È naturalizzata inoltre in Australia occidentale e nel sud della California.
È durante tale attività che, nel 2011, viene colpito da un grosso ramo al capo e perde la vista. Inizia quindi a giocare a goalball e torball con gli "Omero Runners Bergamo" e, nel 2013, si avvicina al mondo dell'atletica leggera paralimpica, specializzandosi nel lancio del disco e nel getto del peso.
Lo spettacolo, durato circa due ore, preceduto da un breve show introduttivo (condotto da Piero Chiambretti) ha legato momenti di celebrazione dell'identità italiana a suggestivi momenti protocollari come l'arrivo della fiamma e l'ingresso della bandiera olimpica, per la prima volta nella storia portata solo da donne (Sophia Loren, Isabel Allende, Susan Sarandon, Nawal El Moutawakel, Wangari Maathai, Manuela Di Centa, Maria Mutola e Somaly Mam). Alla cerimonia hanno preso parte anche altre celebri star femminili come Eva Herzigova e Carla Bruni e non è un caso che, come accompagnamento musicale, siano state scelte, tra le altre, canzoni atte a celebrare l'universo femminile spaziando da Gloria Gaynor agli Chic per arrivare anche a celebri successi italiani come Una donna per amico di Lucio Battisti e Gloria di Umberto Tozzi.Nella parata delle nazioni partecipanti, tradizionalmente aperta dalla Grecia e chiusa dal paese ospitante, per la prima volta ad un'edizione dei Giochi olimpici invernali la Corea del Nord e la Corea del Sud hanno sfilato insieme sotto la semplice denominazione di "Corea", come già accaduto ai Giochi estivi di Atene 2004 e Sydney 2000. Nelle competizioni le due squadre hanno gareggiato separatamente.
Per l'elezione delle mascotte ufficiali dei Giochi invernali del 2006, il Comitato Organizzatore dei Giochi Invernali TOROC ha condotto un concorso al quale sono state presentate 237 proposte prima della chiusura delle candidature il 20 maggio 2003.. Di questi candidati, cinque sono arrivati alla fase finale in cui sono stati valutati da una giuria internazionale selezionata dal TOROC. L'elezione è stata successivamente ratificata dal Comitato di Presidenza del TOROC. Infine, i vincitori, "Neve e Gliz," di Albuquerque sono state presentate il 28 settembre 2004.
Il film è basato sul romanzo del 2004 L'atlante delle nuvole (pubblicato in Italia nel 2005 dalla casa editrice Frassinelli) del romanziere inglese David Mitchell. Il regista Tom Tykwer rivelò nel gennaio 2009 l'intenzione di adattare il romanzo e disse che la sceneggiatura era in corso di scrittura insieme ai fratelli Wachowski, che avevano opzionato il romanzo. Nel giugno 2010 Tykwer chiese agli attori Natalie Portman, Tom Hanks, Halle Berry, James McAvoy e Ian McKellen di entrare a far parte del cast di Cloud Atlas. Nell'aprile 2011 i fratelli Wachowski hanno deciso di essere alla regia del film insieme a Tykwer. A maggio 2011 sono stati confermati nel cast Tom Hanks e Halle Berry, e successivamente a loro si sono uniti Hugo Weaving, Ben Whishaw, Susan Sarandon e Jim Broadbent. Infine, a pochi giorni dall'inizio delle riprese, anche Hugh Grant è stato confermato nel cast del film.
Durante il film si scopre come un personaggio per ognuna delle sei epoche possieda una voglia a forma di stella cometa, e sarà proprio questo personaggio a cercare di cambiare il mondo in cui vive. I personaggi sono:
Sotto il profilo agonistico il 1935 viene ricordato perché, con le sue 250 cm³ monocilindrica e 500 cm³ bicilindrica, conquista la prestigiosa gara internazionale Tourist Trophy con il pilota irlandese Stanley Woods. Successo poi ribadito nel 1937 con il pilota italiano Omobono Tenni che lo conquista nella categoria 250.
Durante il 1987 la CGD distribuisce su vinile tre raccolte antologiche: Stasera che sera, Solo tu e C'è tutto un mondo intorno, che l'anno dopo verranno ristampate su CD. Nel 1987 viene pubblicato anche l'album Melò, apprezzato dalla critica e caratterizzato da una grande raffinatezza musicale e vocale. Dal disco viene tratto il singolo Noi, che ottiene uno straordinario successo, viene presentato al Festivalbar e ne viene realizzato un videoclip negli studi di Cinecittà, scegliendo come scenografia quella degli esterni del film Momo. Durante quell'estate i Matia vincono di nuovo il Telegatto come "miglior gruppo italiano".
nativi americani 0,5%Dal 2000 al 2010 la popolazione di New York è aumentata del 2,1%, le persone di discendenze europee (definiti "non-hispanic whites" nel censimento) sono diminuite del 3% (spostandosi dai quartieri centrali verso i paesi e le cittadine della periferia, o nel resto dello Stato, fenomeno noto come "White flight"), così come quella afroamericana del 5%. Sono aumentati invece i cittadini di origine asiatica e quelli di origine ispanica.Secondo una stima del 2007 la popolazione bianca non ispanica ha le seguenti origini etniche:
Il nuovo progetto discografico, però, non può essere promosso in maniera adeguata a causa della grave malattia di Aldo Stellita. Dopo le partecipazioni televisive a Tappeto volante (dove presentano il singolo Quando non ci sei e il brano Parola magica) e al Premio Rino Gaetano, Stellita è costretto a diradare le proprie presenze, e nel "Sausalito Tour" il gruppo viene accompagnato da Carlo De Bei (coautore di alcuni brani del disco) alle chitarre e da Nello Giudice al basso, oltre a Silvia Valente, sorella di Laura, ai cori.
Kjetil André Aamodt (Norvegia, sci alpino): si laurea campione olimpico in supergigante, ottenendo il quarto oro olimpico della sua carriera dopo Albertville 1992 in supergigante e Salt Lake City 2002 in supergigante e in combinata, impresa mai riuscita nella storia dei giochi invernali.
Nel 1951 Bruno Ruffo vince il secondo titolo mondiale piloti della categoria 250 e Moto Guzzi il secondo titolo Marche della stessa categoria; nel 1952 è la volta invece di Enrico Lorenzetti. Fergus Anderson conquista il titolo Piloti categoria 350 nel 1953 e nel 1954, Moto Guzzi il titolo Marche della stessa categoria.
Nel 1814 Hoffmann accetta un incarico pubblico presso il ministero della giustizia di Berlino, città nella quale si è nuovamente trasferito e dove frequenta abitualmente Fouqué, Chamisso, Tieck, Franz Horn e Philipp Veit.
I kosode (letteralmente "piccola manica") erano originariamente indossati come biancheria, ma, durante l'era Kamakura, venne accettato come indumento per uno strato più esterno, più elegante, con maniche meno scolpite. I Kosode delle ere Heian e Kamakura erano sempre bianchi. Il kosode di Kikyo assomiglia molto di più ad un keikogi usato nel Kendo e nel Naginata, con la manica che stranamente si trova più vicina, come una moderna maglia larga, e si estende poco al di là del polso.Le fenditure sui lati di un hakama mostrano il bianco kosode e le aperture delle maniche e delle spalle di un hitoe (giacca) lo mostrano a sua volta. Questo è un deliberato effetto stilistico, basato sulla moda del tempo.Hakama
L'efficacia del motto è inoltre dovuta alla paronomasia fra i due termini, che gli conferisce un suono altamente espressivo. Un'altra locuzione simile infatti, è Ad augusta per angusta ("Alle cose eccelse attraverso le difficoltà").
Il nome "GP" viene abbandonato subito e trasformato, con il consenso unanime di tutti i soci, in Moto Guzzi, anche per evitare fraintendimenti con le iniziali Guzzi-Parodi con quelle del solo Giorgio Parodi.
Re Abd Allah ha ricevuto un numero considerevole di onorificenze internazionale. In particolare, è stato nominato Cavaliere del ramo spagnolo dell'Ordine del Toson d'Oro, causando qualche polemica.Nel mese di aprile 2012, è stato insignito dalla Nazioni Unite di una medaglia d'oro per il suo contributo alla comprensione interculturale e alle iniziative di pace.
Il XIX secolo fu un periodo di grande sviluppo demografico e urbanistico per New York. Il Commissioners' Plan, del 1811, provocò una prima forte espansione della città che venne a coincidere con l'isola di Manhattan; l'apertura del Canale Erie, nel 1825, pose la città in collegamento diretto con il vastissimo retroterra.
Lo stadio La Romareda venne inaugurato l'8 settembre del 1957 con una partita tra il Real Saragozza e l'Osasuna, finita con il risultato di 4-3 per i padroni di casa con gol di Vila (2), Wilson e Murillo. La capacità iniziale dello stadio era di 32.416 posti, di cui 16.000 a sedere. Prima di allora il Real Saragozza giocava nello stadio del Torrero. Nel tempo si susseguirono varie ristrutturazioni: nel 1977 la costruzione delle gradinate coperte Nord e Sud (43.524 posti totali), nel 1982 le modifiche per il Mondiale (riduzione a 39.900 posti) e nel 1994 gli adeguamenti alle normative UEFA, che predispongono solo posti a sedere, per i 34.596 posti attuali.
Semifinalista: 1940, 1961-1962, 1969-1970, 1974-1975, 1984-1985, 1997-1998 Supercoppa di Spagna: Finalista: 1994, 2001Copa de la Liga: Semifinalista: 1983Campionato spagnolo di seconda divisioneSecondo posto: 1928-1929, 1935-1936, 1941-1942, 1950-1951, 1955-1956, 2002-2003 Coppa delle Coppe: Semifinalista: 1964-1965, 1986-1987 Coppa delle Fiere: Finalista: 1965-1966 Supercoppa UEFA: Finalista: 1995
Da allora è stata reinterpretata in una varietà di stili pop, tra cui le registrazioni del secondo gruppo di Siouxsie Sioux The Creatures, che è diventata un successo da top 15 nelle classifiche del Regno Unito nel 1983, e delle Pussycat Dolls nel 2005.
Si basa su una economia prevalentemente rurale e agricola (di cui il prodotto di maggior rilievo è la fragola); il paese è noto anche per la presenza della più grande e giovane fungaia della zona.
Il match contro Fabricio Werdum per unificare i due titoli si tenne il 13 giugno all'evento UFC 188. Cain venne dominato per la prima volta in una competizione di arti marziali miste per la durata dell'intero incontro, venendo sconfitto al terzo round con una ghigliottina. Questa fu la sua prima sconfitta per sottomissione in carriera.
A ottobre del 2013 diviene primatista nazionale nel lancio del disco nella categoria F11 con 30,99 m, record che infrangerà due anni dopo arrivando al vertice del ranking mondiale 2015 con un 40,26 m ottenuti ai campionati italiani di Cernusco sul Naviglio. Entrato in nazionale ottiene un tredicesimo posto ai Mondiali paralimpici di Doha del 2015, la medaglia d'oro nel lancio del disco e un quinto posto nel getto del peso agli Europei paralimpici di Grosseto del 2016 e, infine, la medaglia d'argento, sempre nel disco, ai Giochi paralimpici di Rio de Janeiro dello stesso anno.
4 Akyol, 5 Kuqo, 6 Atsür, 7 Arslan, 8 İlyasova, 9 Erdoğan, 10 Kutluay, 11 Solak, 12 Gönlüm, 13 Erden, 14 Peker, 15 Demirel, All. Bogdan TanjevićCampionato mondiale maschile di pallacanestro 2010
Dal punto di vista giudiziario, poiché New York si estende su 5 diverse contee (corrispondenti alle 5 circoscrizioni o boroughs), essa è leggermente anomala rispetto al resto degli Stati Uniti: la giustizia penale, infatti, viene esercitata dalle Corti delle singole contee, mentre la giustizia civile viene esercitata da un'unica Corte; inoltre alcuni giudici vengono nominati dal sindaco per periodi di 10 anni, anziché essere eletti.
al-Harith ibn Kalada al-Taqafi (in arabo الحارث بن كلدة الثقفي), (... – 670) è stato un medico arabo, fu al servizio di Banu Thaqif raccomandato dal profeta Maometto. Curò Sa`d ibn Abi Waqqas e quando Abu Bakr stava morendo, riconobbe la sua malattia come avvelenamento..
Gabriela offre la sua abitazione a Mili. Quest'ultima riflette se lasciare i suoi amici, ma Jime capisce che è meglio per lei stare con sua madre.
David è nato a Glen Cove, Long Island nello stato di New York. I suoi genitori, Gordon e Karen, entrambi lavoravano come dirigenti. Si trasferisce con la sua famiglia a Princeton, New Jersey, che considera la sua casa da quando ha lasciato Los Angeles in California dopo la scuola superiore. Cominciò a lavorare come attore teatrale apparendo in produzioni come Biloxi Blues, Bye Bye Birdie, Danny and the Deep Blue Sea, Pizza Man e I Won't Dance.
I media tedeschi considerano Cloud Atlas come il primo tentativo di creare un blockbuster tedesco in quanto il suo enorme budget lo rende di gran lunga il più costoso film tedesco finora realizzato. Tykwer e le sorelle Wachowski hanno girato parallelamente le loro parti di film con due troupe diverse. Le riprese esterne si sono svolte anche in Scozia e Spagna (Isola di Maiorca, Playa Sa Calobra). La Warner Bros. si è detta entusiasta della durata del film di 164 minuti, anche se era stato concordato precedentemente che la pellicola non dovesse eccedere le due ore e mezza (150 min.). Inoltre la MPAA ha imposto al film il rating R, cioè vietato ai minori di 17 anni non accompagnati da un adulto, giustificandolo col fatto che il film mostra "violenza, turpiloquio, nudità/sesso e uso di droghe".
In Italia è presente in tutta la penisola, nelle isole maggiori e in gran parte di quelle minori. Andando da sud verso nord nel suo areale, la specie diviene gradualmente meno diffusa mentre aumenta la diffusione di Podarcis muralis.
La città di New York riemerse dalla seconda guerra mondiale mantenendo inalterato il suo ruolo di "capitale del mondo", sede della borsa valori più importante del pianeta e sede delle maggiori organizzazioni internazionali. A partire dagli anni sessanta, tuttavia, anche New York si incamminò lungo una strada di declino, analogamente ad altre metropoli statunitensi. In quegli anni cominciò una serie di rivolte a sfondo razziale, provocate da gruppi organizzati rappresentativi di gruppi etnici svantaggiati (ad esempio le Pantere nere). Nel corso degli anni settanta il livello di vita cittadino peggiorò ulteriormente, con la città (specialmente in alcuni quartieri) ostaggio della criminalità e delle gang di strada; questa profonda crisi si tradusse in una importante diminuzione della popolazione, che scese di quasi un milione di abitanti. A questo si aggiunse una bancarotta sfiorata dalla città nel 1975, scongiurata solo grazie ad un massiccio prestito federale.
4 Tan, 5 Ersözlü, 6 Ton, 7 Hakyemez, 8 Örs, 9 Erdenay, 10 Durusel, 11 Tosun, 12 Poyrazoğlu, 13 İnce, 14 Dağlı, 15 Güney, All. Mehmet BaturalpFIBA EuroBasket 1975
Ha recitato in numerosi musical a Broadway, tra cui Bells Are Ringing (1960), Subways Are for Sleeping (1962; vincitrice del Tony Award alla miglior attrice non protagonista in un musical), The Apple Tree (1966), On The Town (1971) e Follies (New York, 1985; New Jersey, 1998).È stata sposata con il librettista Adolph Green dal 1960 alla morte dell'uomo, avvenuta nel 2002; la coppia ha avuto due figli.
New York è un importante centro per la televisione, la pubblicità, l'editoria musicale, per il giornalismo per l'editoria, inoltre è il grande mercato dei media in Nord America (seguita da Los Angeles, Chicago e Toronto). Alcuni dei mezzi di comunicazione della città includono la Time Warner, la Thomson Reuters Corporation, l'Associated Press, la News Corporation, la The New York Times Company, l'NBCUniversal, la Hearst Corporation e la Viacom. Sette delle otto maggiori reti pubblicitarie mondiali hanno la loro sede in città. Due dei "Big Four" delle case discografiche sono localizzate a New York: la Sony Music Entertainment e la Warner Music Group. L'Universal Music Group e la EMI hanno anche uffici importanti a New York. Un terzo di tutti i film indipendenti americani vengono prodotti qui.Più di 200 quotidiani e 350 riviste hanno un proprio ufficio in città e il settore dà lavoro a circa 25.000 persone. Due dei tre quotidiani a diffusione nazionale negli Stati Uniti sono di New York: il Wall Street Journal e il New York Times, che ha vinto il maggior numero di premi Pulitzer per il giornalismo. I principali giornali scandalistici della città sono: il New York Daily News, fondato nel 1919 da Joseph Medill Patterson e il The New York Post, fondato nel 1801 da Alexander Hamilton. La città ha anche una stampa etnica completa, con 270 giornali e riviste pubblicate in più di 40 lingue. El Diario La Prensa è il più grande quotidiano di New York in lingua spagnola e il più antico della nazione. Il New York Amsterdam News, pubblicato ad Harlem, è un importante giornale afro-americano. Il Village Voice è il più grande giornale alternativo.
Dietro suggerimento di Giampiero Boniperti fu quindi acquistato dalla Juventus, con cui collezionò 13 presenze senza essere poi confermato per la stagione successiva, perché ritenuto non adatto allo stile della squadra e con una carriera incerta per un presunto leggero strabismo. Passò quindi al Palermo, in cui arriva nella trattativa che porta Roberto Anzolin a Torino: in un primo momento rifiuta il trasferimento, ottenendo quindi un deferimento.
Lo stemma di Murano deriverebbe da quello dell'antica famiglia dei Muranexi che sarebbero stati tra i primi reggitori della città; l'arme, confermata dall'imperatore Ferdinando I il 20 aprile 1845, con lo sfondo azzurro si presenta con «Il gallo … nero ed ardito, posto su un ristretto di terreno di verde [e con ] la cresta argentata, la serpe verde, la volpe d'oro. In questa forme, verrà rappresentato, fatta eccezione per la cresta, che assumerà la forma di una corona d'argento, nello stemma comunale fino alla soppressione di questo nel 1923».
Le 80 delegazioni partecipanti divise per continente. Per ognuna è indicato tra parentesi il numero di atleti che risultavano iscritti alle gare all'apertura dei Giochi, per un totale di 2633 partecipanti. (fonte cartella stampa Torino 2006)
Con i nuovi cambiamenti non viene più utilizzata l'erba, come superficie, e le tribune non sono più di legno; la nuova superficie è il cemento gommoso chiamato Rebound Ace e gli impianti adottati diventano avveniristici. Con questa rivoluzione nessuno rinuncerà allo Slam maggiormente all'avanguardia dell'anno e d'ora in avanti gli Australian Open torneranno definitivamente all'altezza degli altri tre major.
Die Windkiste – Das Rektorat der Antillen (Fort-de-France, Martinique, Frankreich, Kolonialstil um 1900, Christian Hauvette). Produktion 1998, Erstausstrahlung am 9. Juni 2001.
Im Herbst 2008 begann mit den HzL-Classic-Zügen nach 30 Jahren erneut der SPNV, zumindest mit Ausflugszügen. 2009 wurde der Freizeitverkehr als „3-Löwen-Takt Radexpress Eyachtäler“ aufgenommen und schrittweise ausgeweitet. Seit 2012 verkehrt er an allen Sonn- und Feiertagen vom 1. Mai bis zum dritten Sonntag im Oktober. Dabei pendelt ein Triebwagen im Zweistundentakt zwischen Eyach und Hechingen Landesbahn (Kursbuchstrecke 767). Bis 2011 wurde hauptsächlich eine historische MAN-Schienenbus-Garnitur eingesetzt (dann Fristablauf der Fahrzeuge und anschließender Verkauf), die ab 2012 durch moderne Regio-Shuttle ersetzt wurde. Weitere Fahrten gibt es alljährlich zum Haigerlocher Christkindlesmarkt. Zukünftige Fahrpläne sehen einen 30-Minuten-Takt im Anschluss an das Touristikangebot zu der Metropolregion Stuttgart auf der Gäubahn vor.
Im Verlauf der Auseinandersetzungen mit den Ständen war Dietrich versucht, auf das Amt zu verzichten und es wurde geplant, einen Koadjutor zu bestimmen. Insgeheim wurde dafür einer der Söhne Caspars Friedrich von Fürstenberg und später Johann Gottfried von Fürstenberg ausersehen. Dieser Versuch, auch nach Dietrich einen Fürstenberger auf den Bischofssessel in Paderborn zu bringen, scheiterte am zunehmenden Einfluss der Wittelsbacher im Nordwesten des Heiligen Römischen Reiches. Daher wurde 1612 Ferdinand von Bayern zum Koadjutor gewählt.
V.2. Hubert Julius Maximilian gen. Max von Guilleaume (* 17. Februar 1866; † 15. Juni 1932; Geheimer Kommerzienrat) ∞ Clara Michels (1869–1930), Tochter von Gustav Michels
Den Zweiten Weltkrieg überstand das Denkmal ohne größere Schäden. Witterungseinflüsse und Vandalismus erforderten jedoch zu Beginn der 1980er Jahre Maßnahmen zur Rettung des Denkmals. Der desolate Zustand des Marmors und der gewaltige Umfang des Denkmals verhinderten eine Verwahrung des Originaldenkmals und den Ersatz durch eine Nachbildung. Einerseits bestand die Gefahr, dass der Stein bei der Umsetzung einfach zerbröckelt wäre, andererseits stand im Lapidarium, dem üblichen Verwahrungsort, kein Platz zur Verfügung. 1987 erhielt das Denkmal deshalb nach einem Entwurf der Architektin Marianne Wagner ein Schutzdach, eine Stahlkonstruktion in Form eines plexiglasüberdeckten Tonnengewölbes. Ein Wachsüberzug schützt den Stein zusätzlich vor Witterungseinflüssen.
Neben Einzelhandelsgeschäften und kleineren Supermärkten direkt im Ortskern gibt es auch große Bau- und Supermärkte an der Peripherie. Mit dem Bus gelangt man schnell in die Mainzer oder Wiesbadener Innenstadt, mit dem Auto sind es wenige Minuten auf der Autobahn Richtung Frankfurt, Koblenz oder Kaiserslautern. Familien mit Kindern finden in Mombach mehrere Kindergärten, zwei Grundschulen und eine Realschule plus; andere weiterführende Schulen sind mit den öffentlichen Verkehrsmitteln in kurzer Zeit zu erreichen.
Lode war und ist Mitglied in zahlreichen Deutschen, Europäischen und Amerikanischen wissenschaftlichen Vereinigungen. Darunter zählen die Deutsche Gesellschaft für Kinder und Jugendmedizin, die American Association of Cancer Research, die American Society of Hematology, die American Association of Immunologists sowie die American Society of Clinical Oncology. Seit 2013 ist er Mitglied des Beratenden Wissenschaftsausschuss der International Society for Pediatric Oncology Europe Neuroblastoma (SIOPEN), Vorsitzender des Immuntherapie Komitees der SIOPEN und Mitglied des Wissenschaftskomitees der International Society for Pediatric Oncology (SIOP SPAC Member).
Die verschiedenen Umschrift- bzw. Romanisierung-Systeme sind dadurch sehr komplex geworden. Zum Beispiel, die englische Übersetzung des Kubijovyč der Ukraine: A Concise Encyclopædia nutzt eine modifizierte Library of Congress (ALA-LC), wie für ukrainische und russische Namen-mit den Ausnahmen für Endungen oder verdoppelte Konsonanten Anwendung verschiedentlich persönliche und geografische Namen aufgeführt. Aus verschiedenen traditionellen, gewohnheitsmäßigen und auch aus technischen Gründen, verwenden Karten in der Enzyklopädie unterschiedliche Namenskonventionen. Die Namen der Personen werden meist in der internationalen Schreibweise in der britischen Transkription bei enzyklopädischen Texten wiedergeben. wiedergegeben, sondern daher auch in ihrer ursprünglichen Form im Index. Verschiedene geographische Namen in ihrer englischen, deutschen Transkription, aus der russischen oder in der ukrainischen Schreibweise und der polnischen Formen geben das w bzw. v in verschiedenen Formen wieder. Die Wissenschaftliche Transliteration wird hauptsächlich in Artikeln der Linguistik verwendet.
Allendorf liegt nur einige Kilometer nördlich des Reiskirchener Autobahndreiecks. Über die Auffahrten Reiskirchen oder Grünberg besteht Anschluss an die A 5, A 485 und A 45 in alle Richtungen. Über Staufenberg gelangt man auf die B 3 in Richtung Marburg und Kassel.
In der Kirche steht die älteste erhaltene Orgel in Ostpreußen. Sie ist zudem die einzige mit noch wesentlichen originalen Teilen erhaltene dreimanualige Orgel des 17. Jahrhunderts im ehemaligen Nordostdeutschland. Sie verfügt noch über den originalen Barockklang.
Graham Watson wurde im schottischen Rothesay auf der Isle of Bute geboren. Sein Vater war Offizier in der Royal Navy und seine Mutter Lehrerin. Er besuchte die Schule in Somerset und studierte anschließend an der Heriot-Watt University in Edinburgh, wo er 1979 einen Bachelor-of-Arts-Abschluss in Sprachen erwarb. Er spricht vier europäische Sprachen und arbeitete zwischen 1979 und 1980 als Dolmetscher. Von 1980 bis 1983 arbeitete er in der Verwaltung des Paisley Colleges.
Geboren als Gülden Göktürk übernahm sie nach den ersten Veröffentlichungen (1969), bei denen sie Orhan Gencebay begleitete, ab 1971 den Künstler(nach)namen ihrer Schwester Neşe Karaböcek. Nachdem der Ehemann ihrer Schwester Attila Alpsakarya behauptete mit ihr zusammen zu sein, durchlebte sie schwere Zeiten und sah sich schließlich gezwungen ihn zu heiraten.Sie lebte in den achtziger Jahren eine Zeit lang in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland, inspiriert wurde davon ihr Stück Yalan Almanya (Verlogenes Deutschland). Mit Bir Mucize Allah’ım brachte sie 1987 die erste in der Türkei produzierte CD heraus.
Die Betriebsführung lag bis 1928 in den Händen der Betriebsabteilung Stuttgart der Westdeutschen Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft in Köln und ging dann durch deren Fusion mit der AG für Verkehrswesen auf die Vereinigten Kleinbahnen AG über. Seit 1. Juli 1933 führt die HzL ihren Betrieb selbst. Sitz der Verwaltung ist Hechingen.
Der Steinhügel ist seiner meisten Steine beraubt. Er war ursprünglich ungefähr 14 m lang. Der Eingang zur Kammer liegt zwischen zwei hohen Steinen in der Mitte der konkaven Fassade, deren acht große Steine erhalten sind. Die Galerie ist in drei Kammern unterteilt, ihre Seitenwände sich schuppenartig überlappen. Die erneute Ausgrabung von 1961 offenbarte auf dem Vorhof drei dicke Schichten mit Belegen von Feuern und die Radiocarbondaten verweisen darauf, dass der Vorplatz der Anlage etwa 1000 Jahre lang, vom Anfang des 4. Jahrtausends v. Chr. an verwendet wurde. Die frühere Ausgrabung der Kammer ergab einige Stücke Töpferware und einige Abschläge von Arran pitchstone, einem vulkanischen glasartigen Gestein. Die Bestattungen hatten sich im sauren Boden aufgelöst.
Für die sechs Zaubertiere beginnt eine gefahrvolle Reise durch die nächtliche Stadt, um zu Martha Miller zu kommen. Doch ein paar Blechspielzeuge unter Führung der Marionette Rex wollen die Reisenden vernichten.
Gemeinde Bernterode (Hrsg.): Bernterode im Eichsfeld. Unser Dorf und seine Menschen in Vergangenheit und Gegenwart. Heiligenstadt 1999, S. 112.
Schloss war eine der ersten Künstler, die von Canon eine 8-mm-Video-Kamera zum Experimentieren zur Verfügung gestellt bekam. Mit der Kamera entwarf sie ein Reisebericht Videoformat "Sun Daze Away", das 1989 auf der Central Park’s Sommerbühne in Europa and Asien gezeigt wurde. Ab 1990 arbeitete Schloss als Produzentin und Regisseurin für die Video Dokumentation "FromKepler2Cyberspace", ausgeführt mit einer Hi8 Ausstattung von Sony. Diese Dokumentation stellt Pioniere künstlicher Intelligenz und virtueller Realität, wie z.B. Dr. Marvin Minsky, John Perry Barlow, Timothy Leary, William Gibson und Jaron Lanier vor. Zur gleichen Zeit filmte Schloss eine Serie von Interviews mit John Cage die sie der Serie "Windows of Chance/Change" zufügte. Nickelodeon strahlte ihr Video-Kunst-Projekt für Kinder, das "Alphabet" aus und beauftragte sie 1989 fünfzehn Live-Videos für die Zeichentrick-Serie "Eureeka's Castle" zu produzieren. Diese gewannen den Cable-ACE-Award.
Der ASGB zählt wie die baskische Eusko Langillen Alkartasuna, das bretonische Sindikat labourien Breizh SLB und das korsische Sindicatu de i travagliadori corsi STC zu den ethnischen Gewerkschaften Europas.
Nach der Volkszählung von 2000 leben in Georgetown 18.080 Menschen in 6.703 Haushalten und 4.618 Familien. Die Bevölkerungsdichte liegt bei 508,7 Personen/km². Die weiße Bevölkerung ist mit 88,68 % am stärksten vertreten, gefolgt von der afroamerikanischen Bevölkerung ist mit 8,01 %.
Mombach ist mit den Linien 60, 61, 62, 63, 76 und 78 der MVG direkt mit der Mainzer Innenstadt verbunden. Außerdem tangieren im Süden Mombachs die Mainzer Straßenbahnlinien 50 und 51 in Richtung Finthen bzw. Innenstadt mit den Haltestellen Zwerchallee/Phönixhalle und Turmstraße den Stadtteil. Eine Trasse durch den Ortskern (Hauptstraße) war in der Diskussion. Dieser Verkehrsträger ist im Ausbauplan der Hauptstraße bis 2017 nicht als Option vorgesehen.
Schon bald nach Einführung der Reformation entstand in Angerburg im Jahre 1528 eine evangelische Kirchengemeinde mit einem dazugehörigen weitflächigen Kirchspiel. Hier taten bis 1945 zwei Geistliche ihren Dienst, zu Beginn des 20. Jahrhunderts um einen Hilfsprediger verstärkt. Bis 1726 gehörte die Angerburger Kirchengemeinde zur Inspektion Rastenburg (polnisch Kętrzyn). Dann wurde Angerburg selber bis 1945 Sitz und Namensgeber für einen Kirchenkreis in der Kirchenprovinz Ostpreußen der Kirche der Altpreußischen Union. Im Jahre 1925 zählte die Kirchengemeinde insgesamt etwa 10.000 Gemeindeglieder, von denen zwei Drittel im Stadtgebiet lebten. Die kriegsbedingte Flucht und Vertreibung der einheimischen Bevölkerung ließ nach 1945 das evangelisch-kirchliche Leben in der jetzt Węgorzewo genannten Stadt zum Erliegen kommen. Polnische Katholiken ließen sich danach hier nieder und ließen das kirchliche Leben wieder aufleben. Heute gibt es drei Römisch-katholische und eine Griechisch-katholische Kirchen in Węgorzewo. Sie sind Teil des Dekanats Węgorzewo im Bistum Ełk (Lyck) bzw. der Erzeparchie Przemyśl-Warschau. Das griechisch-katholische Gotteshaus, die einstige Kreuzkirche und Bethesda-Anstaltskirche, steht den evangelischen Kirchengliedern zur gottesdienstlichen Mitbenutzung offen. Sie gehören zur Pfarrei in Giżycko (Lötzen) in der Diözese Masuren der Evangelisch-Augsburgischen Kirche in Polen.
Olga Girja wurde Erste beim internationalen Turnier 2005 in Salechard, sie gewann alle 9 Partien. Dieses Ergebnis (9 Punkte aus 9 Partien) wiederholte sie im Jahr 2007 bei der Meisterschaft der Mädchen U16 in Russland. 2009 gewann Girja die Europäischen Jugendmeisterschaft in Fermo und die Jugendweltmeisterschaft in Kemer jeweils in der Altersklasse U18 weiblich. Weitere Spitzenplatzierungen bei Jugendwelt- und -europameisterschaften erreichte sie mit zweiten Plätzen bei der Jugendeuropameisterschaft U18 weiblich in Herceg Novi 2008, bei der Jugendweltmeisterschaft U16 weiblich in Kemer 2007 sowie bei den Juniorenweltmeisterschaften U20 weiblich in Chotowa 2010 und Madras 2011 und einem dritten Platz in der Weltmeisterschaft U18 weiblich in Vung Tau 2008.
Besonderheiten der Briefmarke selbst Bei den einzelnen Briefmarken wird vor allem auf Besonderheiten des Papiers geachtet. So gibt es zahlreiche Arten von Briefmarkenpapieren wie Faserpapier, Kreidepapier und Japanpapier; des Weiteren Briefmarkenpapier mit Sicherheitsmerkmalen wie Wasserzeichen, Lackstreifen, Fluoreszenz, Phosphoreszenz oder Hologrammen. Ferner kommt es vor, dass Briefmarken in verschiedenen Druckverfahren hergestellt werden, oder dass beim Druck Fehler wie beispielsweise Plattenfehler oder sonstige Abarten entstehen.
Beim Motivsammeln bzw. thematischen Sammeln sammelt man Briefmarken aus aller Welt mit einem bestimmten Motive bzw. Themen, wie z. B. Sport oder Komponisten; dadurch unterscheidet es sich von der klassischen Philatelie. Der Vorwurf mancher klassischer Philatelisten, beim Motivsammeln handle es sich nur um ein Anhäufen von Briefmarken, ist mit nichts zu begründen. Motivsammler versuchen genau so ernsthaft, möglichst viele Marken und Sätze ihres Sammelgebiets zu erhalten und zu dokumentieren. Sehr viele Philatelisten sammeln neben ihrem klassischen Thema noch ein oder mehrere Motivgebiete.
Dietrich von Fürstenberg (auch Theodor von Fürstenberg, Theodericus liber baro a Furstenberg oder Theodor von Paderborn; * 7. Oktober 1546 auf Burg Waterlappe bei Ense; † 4. Dezember 1618 auf dem Schloss zu Neuhaus bei Paderborn) war als Dietrich IV. Fürstbischof von Paderborn. In seine Zeit fallen heftige Auseinandersetzungen mit den Landständen und der Beginn der katholischen Rekonfessionalisierung des Landes.
Die französische Mannschaftsmeisterschaft im Schach (französisch Le championnat de France d'échecs des clubs) ist eine Schachveranstaltung, die jährlich von dem französischen Schachbund organisiert wird. Die besten Teams sind für die nächste Europameisterschaft der Vereine (European Club Cup) qualifiziert.
Im Laufe der Jahre wurde die Zeitschrift öfters umbenannt. Sie trug u.a. die Namen: Oberlinblatt, Die Christliche Kleinkinderpflege, Die christliche Kinderpflege, Die Evangelische Kinderpflege; mit Heft 3/1972 erhielt sie den Titel: Theorie und Praxis der Sozialpädagogik. Evangelische Fachzeitschrift für Bildungsaufgaben am Kind. Gegenwärtig erscheint TPS 10-mal im Jahr.
Die Serie wurde auf CBS montags um 21:30 Uhr, nach Two and a Half Men, ausgestrahlt. Die Premiere zog insgesamt 11 Millionen Zuschauer an, verlor aber ein Drittel seines Lead-ins. Die Reichweite fiel mit der sechsten Episode auf einen Tiefstand von 8,4 Millionen Zuschauer ab, begann dann aber wieder stetig zu steigen. Sie erreichte ein Serienhoch bei 12,12 Millionen Zuschauer mit der elften Episode, sank danach aber wieder. Das Serienfinale mit dem Titel The Epidurale wurde am 16. Februar 2009 ausgestrahlt. Eine zuvor unausgestrahlte Episode mit dem Titel The Party wurde nachträglich am 6. Juni 2009 gezeigt.
In vielen Universitätsstädten Finnlands wird am Unabhängigkeitstag ein Fackelzug organisiert. Sowohl die Studenten als auch das Personal der Universitäten dürfen daran teilnehmen. Normalerweise zieht der Zug durch das Zentrum der Stadt. Während des Fackelzuges besuchen die Teilnehmer einen Friedhof und legen Kränze nieder. Manchmal halten die Vertreter der Studentenvereine Reden, zum Beispiel über die Bedeutung der Unabhängigkeit für die Finnen. Während des Zuges wird die Nationalhymne von Finnland, das Lied Maamme, gesungen und die Chöre der Universitäten treten auf. In Helsinki fand ein solcher Fackelzug erstmals im Jahr 1951 statt aus Anlass des Todes von Staatsmann und Militär G. Mannerheim.
Die Arena beherbergte seit der Eröffnung eine Vielzahl von Sport-, Konzert- und Kongress-Veranstaltungen. Dazu gehörte die Eishockey-Weltmeisterschaft der Herren 2000. Zwischen 1968 und 1999 war der Jubileiny-Sportkomplex Heimspielstätte des Eishockeyclubs SKA Sankt Petersburg, der 1999 in den Eispalast umzog und die Jubileiny nur noch als Ausweich-Spielstätte nutzt. Heute tragen der BK Spartak Sankt Petersburg, ein Basketballteam, sowie die Eishockeyclubs HK Dynamo Sankt Petersburg und MHK SKA-1946 ihre Heimspiele im Sportkomplex aus.
Radwege auf eigenständigen Abschnitten – 61 Kilometer (10,5 Prozent) Mit dem Fahrrad gelangt man am Wochenende über die Budenheimer Fahrradfähre nach Walluf in den Rheingau. Oder man radelt durch die Stadt, in die ehemaligen Rechtsrheinischen Stadtteile von Mainz, von denen Kostheim zum Rheingau gehört.
Zuma nahm mit Südafrika unter anderem am Afrika-Cup 2004 in Tunesien, sowie am Afrika-Cup 2006 in Ägypten und an der WM 2002 in Japan und Südkorea teil. Seit 2004 führt er die Bafana Bafana als Kapitän auf das Spielfeld.
Der Märkische Sprecher war eine Zeitung für den Kreis Bochum. Die Publikation erschien ab 1829, gegründet vom Druckermeister Wilhelm Stumpf aus Soest. Ab 1848 erschien sie als Märkischer Sprecher – Kreisblatt für den Kreis Bochum. Die Zeitung existierte noch im 20. Jahrhundert.
Um das Jahr 1431 beschreibt Hans Fründ die Begleitumstände der ab 1428 einsetzenden Hexenverfolgungen im Wallis und überlieferte, mit durchaus kritischem Blick auf das Zeitgeschehen, erstmals die an einem Hexensabbat praktizierten Rituale.Die «Chronik des Alten Zürichkriegs» entstand bereits ab 1447 und umfasst die Zeit bis zum Waffenstillstand im Jahr 1446. Die Darstellung der Schlussverhandlungen (bis 1450) fehlt, da Fründ die Arbeit vermutlich krankheitshalber abbrechen musste. Seine Chronik ist beeinflusst von seinen eigenen Kriegserlebnissen auf Seiten der Innerschweizer, nimmt einen eidgenössisch-patriotischen Standpunkt ein und erzählt « … umständlich, kraftvoll und einfach die traurigen Begebenheiten des ersten [Schweizer] Bürgerkriegs.» Im Text finden sich ebenfalls Darstellungen diplomatischer Hintergründe, die er aus seiner amtlichen Stellung einbringen konnte. Diebold Schilling übernahm in seiner Berner Chronik wichtige Teile aus Fründs Werk, und auch die Tschachtlanchronik stützt sich für die Zeit nach 1423 (Alter Zürichkrieg) auf die Chronik von Hans Fründ.
Die Novara-Expedition (1857–1859) der SMS Novara war die erste und einzige Weltumsegelung der Österreichischen Marine. Als Bestseller in mehreren Sprachen veröffentlicht, machten die wissenschaftlichen Berichte die Reise weltbekannt.
Nach Kriegsende besuchte Feierle von 1945 bis 1946 einen technischen Lehrgang an der Universität Innsbruck und absolvierte danach von 1946 bis 1951 ein Studium an der Technischen Universität Graz, wobei er sein Studium 1951 mit dem akademischen Grad Dipl.-Ing. abschloss. 1959 legte er zudem die Baumeisterprüfung in Bregenz ab. Beruflich war Feierle ab 1951 als Bauingenieur bei der Firma Gebrüder Feierle in Dornbirn beschäftigt, 1959 wurde er dort Gesellschafter, von 1962 bis 2009 war er geschäftsführender Gesellschafter. 2009 wurde Feierle pensioniert.
Der Ort ist bekannt für seine lebendige Volkskultur, vor allem die Volksmusik (spelmansmusik). Im Sommer werden mehrere Festivals abgehalten, u. a. Musik vid Siljan und Rättviksdansen.
Bei der Flugerprobung zeigten sich Probleme durch eine unzureichende Motorkühlung. Versuche, die Lufteinläufe zu modifizieren, brachten kaum Abhilfe. Bei einer Neubewertung des Designs kam man zu dem Schluss, dass die vernachlässigbare Widerstandsreduzierung durch die spitz zulaufende Haube das zusätzliche Gewicht und die Kühlprobleme nicht Wert waren. Also erhielt der zweite Prototyp mit der Registriernummer NX19999 eine konventionelle Haube und die Modellbezeichnung V-48X. Der erste Prototyp wurde ebenfalls entsprechend umgebaut. Der zweite Prototyp absolvierte am 11. Februar 1940 seinen Erstflug. Aufgrund der Versuchsflüge wurde eine Reihe von Änderungen vorgenommen, unter anderem wurden die Flächen der Höhen- und Seitenflossen deutlich vergrößert.
1866 wurde in Andernach der Synagogenbezirk gegründet, zu dem die jüdischen Gemeinden Kruft, Miesenheim, Nickenich, Saffig und die jüdischen Familien in Andernach gehörten.
Auf den beiden unteren Feldern wird die Gegenwart des Jahres 1974 symbolisiert. Das rechte Feld mit gekreuzten Spaten und Karst in Silber auf grünem Grund weist auf die damals noch existierende Landwirtschaft hin. Das schwarze, liegende Zahnrad auf silbernem Grund weist auf die in Mombach ab 1856 und verstärkt nach dem Krieg angesiedelte Industrie hin.
Mombach besitzt eine evangelische sowie eine katholische Kirchengemeinde mit den zwei liturgischen Zentren St. Nikolaus und Herz Jesu. Innerhalb des seit 2004 initiierten Erneuerungsprozesses des Bistums Mainz mit dem Motto „Lebendige Gemeinden in erneuerten pastoralen Einheiten“ war Mombach die erste Gemeinde, die durch Fusion diesen Prozess vorgelebt hat. In der weiteren Folge wurde das Gemeindezentrum Heilig Geist 2014 an eine koptische Gemeinde übergeben. Die neue Gemeinde trägt den Namen St. Kyrillos. Regelmäßig wird in der Herz-Jesu Kirche eine Heilige Messe in italienischer Sprache, sowie ein chaldäischer Gottesdienst gefeiert. Die marokkanische Bevölkerung baute sich 2006 ein neues Vereinsheim mit Gebetsraum. Die zahlenmäßig stark ansteigende muslimische Bevölkerung findet einen geistigen Treffpunkt in der Masjid At-Tauba Moschee. Der Verein „Die Basis e. V. – Gemeinde für diese Generation“ hat seine Kirche auf dem Gelände der ehemaligen Waggonfabrik eingerichtet. Die Assyrische Kirche des Ostens feiert regelmäßig Gottesdienste in der Herz-Jesu Kirche. Die Koptische Orthodoxe Kirche Mainz feierte 2014 erstmals ihre Osterliturgie im Gemeindezentrum Heilig-Geist.
Lode studierte von 1986 bis 1993 Humanmedizin an der Universität Tübingen sowie an der Brown University, USA. Nach der Promotion (summa cum laude) 1993 erfolgte 1995 die Approbation durch die Ärztekammer Baden-Württemberg. 1994 begann er die Facharztausbildung für Pädiatrie an der Universitäts-Kinderklinik Tübingen. Mit einem Forschungsstipendium von der Deutschen Forschungsgemeinschaft ging er 1996 als Postdoc an das Scripps Research Institute, USA (Abteilung Immunologie, Labor für Tumorimmunologie) und nahm 1999 die Stelle als Assistenz-Professor an. 2000 setzte er seine Facharztausbildung für Pädiatrie an der Klinik für Allgemeine Pädiatrie/Knochenmarktransplantation der Charité – Universitätsmedizin Berlin fort und schloss 2003 ab. Er habilitierte sich 2003 zum Thema Strategien zur Immuntherapie beim Neuroblastom und erhielt die Venia Legendi im Fach Pädiatrie an der Charité. Es folgten weitere Schwerpunkte in den Bereichen Pädiatrische Intensivmedizin im Gebiet Kinder- und Jugendmedizin (2005) und Pädiatrische-Hämatologie und -Onkologie (2006). Von 2005 bis 2009 war Lode leitender Oberarzt der Klinik für Allgemeine Pädiatrie und der Klinik für Pädiatrische Hämatologie und Onkologie der Charité sowie stellvertretender Klinikdirektor der Klinik für Allgemeine Pädiatrie/Knochenmarktransplantation. Berufsbegleitend absolvierte er von 2006 bis 2007 ein Fernstudium Betriebswirtschaftslehre im Krankenhaus und folgte 2009 einem Ruf an den Lehrstuhl für Pädiatrie an der Universitätsmedizin Greifswald, Medizinische Fakultät der Ernst-Moritz-Arndt-Universität Greifswald. Diese Position ist verbunden mit den Leitungen der Abteilungen Allgemeine Pädiatrie / Pädiatrische Hämatologie und Onkologie sowie mit der Funktion des geschäftsführenden Direktors des Zentrums für Kinder und Jugendmedizin. Seit 2013 ist er Vorsitzender der Promotionskommission an der Universitätsmedizin Greifswald.
McGoohan wurde in Astoria, Queens, New York City als Sohn des irischen Paars Thomas McGoohan und Rose Fitzpatrick geboren. Die Eltern gingen in die Heimat zurück, um Arbeit zu finden. Sieben Jahre nach dem Umzug nach Mullaghmore, County Leitrim, Irland, zogen sie nach Sheffield, England.McGoohan besuchte die St Vincent's School in Sheffield. Während des Zweiten Weltkrieges wurde die Familie nach Loughborough, Leicestershire evakuiert. Hier besuchte er das Ratcliffe College.
Die Ems fließt entlang der Nordwest-, West- und Südwestflanke des Emser Bergs und dabei durch Sand und Merxhausen. Etwa 2,5 km südlich des Gipfels und 250 m nördlich der ehemaligen Weißenthalsmühle, nimmt sie die von Osten herankommende Wiehoff auf, die zuvor zwischen dem Emser Berg und dem Niedensteiner Kopf durch die Niedensteiner Kernstadt und dann durch Wichdorf geflossen ist.
Der Ortskern der Kernstadt besitzt noch einige prächtige Fachwerkhäuser, die vom einstigen Reichtum der Stadt zeugen. Zahlreiche Fachwerkhäuser, unter anderem das alte Gerichtsgebäude, fielen der Straßenverbreiterung in den 1970er Jahren zum Opfer. Im ehemaligen Rat- und Schulhaus aus dem Jahre 1818 befindet sich das Stadtmuseum. Als prächtigste Fachwerkstraße gilt die Limburger Straße, wo sich das weit über die Grenzen Leuns hinweg bekannte Wahrzeichen der Stadt befindet: Das Erkerhaus. Der mächtige,breit gelagerte Fachwerkbau in der Limburger Straße 19, wurde von Johann Heinrich Almenröder aus Ulm für den Hofkeller Johann Hyppolitus von Staden und dessen Ehefrau Maria Katharina Schweizer aus Werdorf 1708 errichtet. Die drei Geschosse über einem straßenparallelen Gewölbekeller sind in der Mittelachse durch Mann-Figuren und ein kleines Zwerchhaus auf dem Mansarddach betont. Zu den reich profilierten Geschosshölzern mit klötzchenverzierten Füllhölzern treten üppig geschmückte Brüstungsfelder. Die seitliche Torfahrt erschließt die rückwärtige, so genannte Zehntscheune, die an die Stadtmauer gebaut und zu Wohnzwecken umgenutzt wurde. Bauzier und Dachform spiegeln einen hohen Anspruch, der in Leun kaum noch übertroffen wird.
Als das Abendläuten erklingt, kommt Peter zum großen Eichbaum. Zu seinem Erstaunen hat sich dort auch seine Cousine Liese eingefunden; denn auch sie war von einem Unbekannten brieflich hierher bestellt worden, um ebenfalls einen Schatz zu finden. Die beiden jungen Leute verstehen den Wink des Schicksals. Als der Nachtwächter kommt, geben sie sich beim Schein seiner Laterne den Verlobungskuss.
1916 wurde Hackin an der Universität Paris promoviert und lehrte danach an der École du Louvre, ab 1929 als Professor. Dabei lernte er die Studentin Marie („Ria“) Parmentier (* 1905) kennen; das Paar heiratete im September 1928. Von 1923 an unternahm er auf Einladung von Alfred Foucher im Rahmen der Délégation archéologique française en Afghanistan archäologische Untersuchungen in Afghanistan, wobei überwiegend Probegrabungen vorgenommen wurden.
In dieser Zeit fand Sears durch Vermittlung auch Kontakt zu dem Hamburger Kreis, der sich um den aus Varel stammenden Kaufmann Johann Gerhard Oncken gebildet hatte. Am 22. April 1834 taufte Barnas Sears Oncken und sechs weitere Mitglieder seines Kreises. Schließlich konstituierte sich unter seinem Vorsitz die erste deutsche Baptistengemeinde, die zur Keimzelle des kontinentaleuropäischen Baptismus wurde. In Erinnerung an dieses Ereignis gab Oncken seinem Sohn William den Beinamen Sears.In die Vereinigten Staaten zurückgekehrt, wurde Sears 1836 als Theologieprofessor an das Newton Theological Institute berufen und war kurze Zeit später bis 1848 auch dessen Rektor. Danach wirkte er im Bildungswesen des Staates Massachusetts, bis ihn die Brown University 1855 zu ihrem 5. Präsidenten und Professor für Ethik berief. 1866 wurde er in die American Academy of Arts and Sciences gewählt.
ein Schulflugzeug für Anfänger (basic combat trainer) mit der Bezeichnung BC-54D, aus dem später die BT-13 entstandRichard W. Palmer begann 1938 mit der Ausarbeitung des Jagdflugzeuges V-48. Das mit einem luftgekühlten Pratt & Whitney R-1830-Sternmotor ausgerüstete Flugzeug besaß einen metallbeschichteten Halbschalenrumpf (semi-monocoque) und ein vollständig einziehbares Fahrwerk. Während des Baus des ersten Prototyps wurde entschieden, die Propellerwelle zu verlängern und eine konische Motorhaube zu verwenden, um den Luftwiderstand zu verringern. Das erste Flugzeug mit der Registriernummer NX21755 startete erstmals im September 1939. Dieses Jagdflugzeug erhielt die Bezeichnung „Vanguard“.
Barnas Sears (* 19. November 1802 in Sandisfield, Massachusetts; † 6. Juli 1880 in Saratoga, New York) war ein baptistischer Theologe, der in den USA und Deutschland gelehrt hat. Unter seiner Leitung konstituierte sich 1834 die erste deutsche Baptistengemeinde, die zur Keimzelle fast aller kontinentaleuropäischer Baptistenkirchen wurde.
Charakteristisch ist das rege Vereinsleben für die kleine Stadt. Fast alle Bürger – gleich welchen Alters – sind in mehreren Vereinen tätig. Auf 100 Bürger kommen ca. 1,2 Vereine.
16. Februar: Französische Truppen unter Ezéchiel de Mélac und René de Froulay de Tessé sprengen auf Befehl von Kriegsminister François Michel Le Tellier de Louvois das Heidelberger Schloss.
Der markante Ort ragt etwa 7 Kilometer aus der Küstenlinie hervor und besitzt einen auffälligen Berg, auf dem im 19. Jahrhundert ein Leuchtturm für den Hafen von Monrovia errichtet wurde.
Das günstige Klima und die fruchtbaren Böden ermöglichen den Anbau von Orangen, Zuckerrohr, Bananen und Baumwolle. In Chinandega herrscht eine Durchschnittstemperatur von 28 °C. Die Regenzeit dauert von Mai bis Oktober, danach beginnt die Trockenperiode.
In Georgetown gibt es momentan sieben Elementary Schools, drei Middle Schools und eine High School. Diese gehören alle zum Schulsystem von Scott County. Aufgrund der wachsenden Bevölkerung wird der Bau weiterer Schulen geplant.Zu den Schulen in Georgetown gehören folgende:
De La Roche Anlage: Diese steht heute an der Stelle an der sich im 18. Jahrhundert die Emmerichsruhe befand, ein Boskett des Erzbischofs Emmerich Joseph von Breidbach zu Bürresheim an einer Quelle gelegen. Noch heute erinnert die sich anschließende Emrichruhstraße an den Kurfürsten.
Das Hofgericht war für normale bürgerliche Streitsachen Gericht der zweiten Instanz, für standesherrliche Familienrechtssachen und Kriminalfälle die erste Instanz. Übergeordnet war das Oberappellationsgericht Darmstadt.
Cobalt(II)-carbonat kann durch Reaktion von Cobalt(II)-acetat- oder Cobalt(II)-chloridlösung und Natriumcarbonat gewonnen werden. Hierbei entstehen in der Regel basische Cobalt(II)-carbonate.
Monamore (auch Meallach's Grave) ist ein Clyde Tomb (früher Clyde-Carlingford tomb genannt), das abseits der A 841, unweit von Lamlash auf der Ostseite der schottischen Insel Isle of Arran liegt. Der Typ kommt nur auf der Ostseite des North Channel vor. Wie die Megalithanlage Carn Ban, im Inneren der Insel, liegt auch Monamore auf einer Terrasse über einem engen Tal.
Das Richard-Wagner-Denkmal im Großen Tiergarten in Berlin-Tiergarten ist ein vom Bildhauer Gustav Eberlein 1901 bis 1903 geschaffenes monumentales Sitzdenkmal für den Komponisten Richard Wagner. Es befindet sich gegenüber der Indischen Botschaft in der Tiergartenstraße.
Der Austragungsmodus der Meisterschaft wurde im Laufe der Jahre mehrmals überarbeitet. Mitte 1990er nahmen mehr als 500 Mannschaften am Wettbewerb teil, wobei die Teams aus Andorra und Monaco ebenfalls spielberechtigt waren. Sie wurden in vier Divisionen (Nationale I, II, III und IV) eingeteilt. Die oberste Division Nationale I (seit 2004 genannt Top 16) bestand aus 16 Teams à neun Spieler. Zwei Nicht-EU-Spieler pro Team wurden erlaubt. Gespielt wurde an drei Wochenenden in der höchsten Klasse und sonntags einmal im Monat in den restlichen Divisionen vom Oktober bis Mai. Für die Saison 2010/2011 wurden einige Änderungen vorgenommen: die Meisterschaft wurde als Rundenturnier mit zwölf (Top 12) statt wie bisher mit sechzehn Mannschaften à acht Spieler durchgeführt. Nach elf Runden stand der neue Meister fest.
Am Unabhängigkeitstag werden am Fenster zwei blau-weiße Kerzen angezündet. Es gibt viele Theorien darüber, wie die Tradition ihren Anfang genommen hat. Als Finnland noch ein Teil des schwedischen Reiches war, wurden ähnliche Kerzen an königlichen Feiertagen angezündet oder wenn gekrönte Häupter in Finnland weilten. Als Finnland unter Russlands Herrschaft war, waren die Kerzen natürlich für die Zarenfamilie gedacht. In Zeiten der finnischen Jägerbewegung galten die Kerzen als Zeichen dafür, dass es im Haus einen sicheren Platz für die Soldaten gibt. Am Tag von Nationaldichter Johan Ludvig Runeberg, dem 5. Februar, wurden Ende des 19. Jahrhunderts die Kerzen gegen die Russifizierung Finnlands angezündet, weil Runeberg die Unabhängigkeit Finnlands unterstützte. Der schwedischsprachige Runeberg hatte die Verse geschrieben, die später Text der finnischen Nationalhymne wurden. Die heutige Tradition, zwischen 18 und 21 Uhr die Kerzen anzuzünden, begann in ihrer jetzigen Form erst 1927 auf Empfehlung eines ‚Vereins der Unabhängigkeit’ (finnisch Itsenäisyyden liitto), der bis in die 1940er bestand.
Seit Mitte der 1970er-Jahre ist er Mitglied der Gebrüder Blattschuss, bei denen anfangs Jürgen von der Lippe und Hans Werner Olm mit von der Partie waren. Der größte Erfolg der Gebrüder Blattschuss waren die Kreuzberger Nächte (Text und Musik: Beppo Pohlmann). Nach Umbesetzungen und Kunstpausen bestehen die Gebrüder Blattschuss seit 1988 aus Beppo Pohlmann und dem Musiker Kalle Ricken. Beppo Pohlmann ist außerdem seit 2002 mit Solo-Auftritten (u. a. Quatsch Comedy Club) aktiv, unter anderem mit dem Programm Ich war mal schön.
Der Besatzung der Santa María del Parral gelang die Durchquerung des Pazifiks. Vor Celebes erlitt sie jedoch Schiffbruch. Die Crewmitglieder wurden von Einheimischen gefangengenommen und versklavt. Vier Überlebende der Santa María del Parral wurden 1528 von einer späteren spanischen Expedition gerettet.
Ein gemeinsames Charakteristikum der Typen BV 1000, VW 1100 und VW 1100.1 ist die schräg zulaufende Verjüngung der beiden oberen Decks des Deckshauses. Eine Weiterentwicklung des Typs 1100.1 ist der Wellenbrecher auf der Back, der bei den beiden für die Reederei Buss gebauten Einheiten als komplette Überdachung der Back ausgeführt wurde. Die Schiffe sind mit am Heck angeordneten Freifallrettungsbooten ausgerüstet.
In der Wallfahrtskirche „Zur Schmerzhaften Mutter Gottes“ ist die Bildechinger Pietà zu finden, die sich aus der Zeit um 1400 als großformatiges Vesperbild aus Alabaster erhalten hat
23,8 % der Bevölkerung bestand aus Familien mit Kindern unter 18 Jahren, 55,6 % verheirateten Paaren, 19,8 % aller Haushalte waren Singlehaushalte.
Narasimhan ist Fellow der Royal Society, Mitglied der indischen Akademie der Wissenschaften und Ehrenmitglied des Tata Instituts. 1975 erhielt er den Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize, 1987 den Third World Academy Award for Mathematics, 1990 den Orden Padma Bhushan und 2006 mit Simon Donaldson den King Faisal International Prize for Science. 1970 war er Invited Speaker auf dem Internationalen Mathematikerkongress in Nizza (Geometry of moduli spaces of vector bundles).
Im Januar 2006 gab die Organisation Tasmanian Land Conservancy Pläne bekannt, die Wälder für einen Preis von 1.3 Millionen Australischen Dollar von den privaten Eigentümern zu kaufen. Der Geschäftsmann Dick Smith stiftete AU$100,000 für den Kauf.
Am 3. April 2000 trat sie als Nachrückerin für den ausgeschieden Abgeordneten Klaus Müller in den Bundestag ein. Hier war sie seit 2000 medienpolitische Sprecherin und daneben von 2002 bis 2005 auch bildungspolitische Sprecherin der Bundestagsfraktion Bündnis 90/Die Grünen. Von 2002 bis 2005 war sie Vorsitzende des UA Neue Medien. Seit 2005 war sie stellvertretende politische Koordinatorin des Fraktionsarbeitskreises V Wissen & Generationen.
Eike Hovermann ist 1998 als direkt gewählter Abgeordneter des Wahlkreises Soest und sonst stets über die Landesliste Nordrhein-Westfalen in den Bundestag eingezogen.
Das INTEROP V-Lab (International Virtual Laboratory for Enterprise Interoperability) ist ein Netzwerk aus Organisationen, das Wissenschaftler, Forschungszentren, Vertreter von Industrieinteressen und kleine und mittlere Unternehmen (KMU)s zusammenbringt. Sitz der Organisation ist Brüssel. Die Mitglieder stammen aus mehreren europäischen Ländern sowie aus China und repräsentieren 250 Wissenschaftler und 70 Organisationen.
James McMillan Shafter wurde am 27. Mai 1816 in Athens geboren. Er schloss die Wesleyan University ab und erhielt die Zulassung zum Anwalt. In das Repräsentantenhaus von Vermont wurde Shafter für die Whig Party als Abgeordneter bereits mit 20 Jahren gewählt. Im Jahr 1841 gewann er die Wahl für das Amt des Secretary of State. Dieses Amt übte er von 1842 bis 1849 aus. Im Jahr 1850 zog er nach Sheboygan, Wisconsin. Shafter kandidierte im Jahr 1852 erfolglos für einen Sitz für Wisconsin im Kongress der Vereinigten Staaten. Von 1850 bis 1856 war er Mitglied der Wisconsin State Assembly. Als er im Jahr 1855 zum Richter am District Court in Wisconsin gewählt wurde, lehnte er ab und zog im Jahr 1856 nach Kalifornien.
Girja nahm erstmals an einer Schacholympiade 2010 mit der zweiten russischen Frauenmannschaft teil. 2014 gewann sie an der Schacholympiade der Frauen. Mit der russischen Frauenmannschaft hatte sie bereits 2013 bei der Mannschaftsweltmeisterschaft und der Mannschaftseuropameisterschaft gespielt. Bei der Mannschaftsweltmeisterschaft der Frauen 2013 in Astana erreichte sie das beste Einzelergebnis aller Reservespielerinnen und belegte mit der Mannschaft den dritten Platz, bei der Mannschaftseuropameisterschaft der Frauen 2013 in Warschau gelangte sie mit der Mannschaft auf den zweiten Platz.
Das Museum für Kommunikation in Bern ist in Besitz einer der größten öffentlich zugänglichen Briefmarkensammlungen der Welt. Auch in den Gebäuden der Vereinten Nationen in Genf ist eine umfangreiche Briefmarkensammlung ausgestellt.
Leun wurde als Liuun bereits im Jahre 771 erstmals urkundlich erwähnt. Eine Abschrift der ursprünglichen Urkunde findet sich im Lorscher Codex. Im Jahre 1469 erhielt der kleine Ort von Kaiser Friedrich III. das Recht, Markt (insbesondere Wollmarkt) abzuhalten. Dies und die 1481 errichtete steinerne Brücke über die Lahn führten
Leun liegt etwa 10 km westlich von Wetzlar zwischen den Ausläufern des nördlichen Taunus und des Westerwaldes im Lahntal, auf 150 bis 330 m über dem Meeresspiegel.
Während des Ersten Weltkriegs war er zunächst Sanitätssoldat und stellte in weiterer Folge ein Ansuchen um Aufnahme als Kriegsmaler an das k.u.k. Kriegspressequartier, dem am 19. Dezember 1916 stattgegeben wurde. 1917 stellte Czedekowski im Rahmen einer großen Kriegsbilderausstellung zahlreiche Porträts verschiedener Heerführer aus. Etwa zur selben Zeit entstanden die Porträts der Fürstin Fanny Schwarzenberg, der Fürstin Paar, der Gräfinnen Mensdorff-Pouilly und des Großindustriellen Richard von Schoeller. Bis Kriegsende verblieb Czedekowski im Kriegspressequartier, danach übersiedelte er mangels Porträtaufträgen in die Vereinigten Staaten und ging drei Jahre später nach Paris. In der dortigen Niederlassung der Galerie Knoedler wurden seine Werke 1924, 1928 und 1932 ausgestellt. 1925 erhielt er den Auftrag, für die polnische Gesandtschaft in Paris ein lebensgroßes Porträt des Marschall Foch zu malen. Ein weiteres bedeutendes Porträt ist jenes des polnischen Präsidenten Ignacy Mościcki. 1937/38 hielt sich Czedekowski wieder in den Vereinigten Staaten auf. 1941 zeigte er auf der Frühjahrsausstellung des Wiener Künstlerhauses ein Herrenbildnis, im Jahr darauf u. a. ein Porträt der Schauspielerin Hermine Kray. 1955 war er Lehrer der Advanced Art Class an der University of Houston.Seine Werke sind heute in verschiedenen Museen ausgestellt, u. a. im Museum der Johannes-Paul-II-Sammlung, im Schloss Łańcut und im Heeresgeschichtlichen Museum.
Czedekowski kam 1903 nach Wien, wo er an der Akademie der bildenden Künste bei Rudolf Bacher studierte. Darüber hinaus war er Schüler der Allgemeinen Malerschule bei Christian Griepenkerl und der Meisterklasse bei Kasimir Pochwalski. Frühe Auszeichnungen waren der so genannte Königswartherpreis 1906 und der Spezialpreis für Porträtmalerei 1911.
Erstmals erwähnt wurde das Dorf im Jahr 1289. Damals war die „villa Kleinschonebach“ (Dorf Kleinschönbach) im Besitz der Grafen zu Castell. Graf Friedrich hatte das Dorf vom Kloster Münsterschwarzach gegen Güter in „Uleberch“ (evtl. das bei Volkach gelegene Ulberg) getauscht. Um 1300 erhielt das Zisterzienserkloster Ebrach einige Güter im Dorf. 1348 schenkten die Gebrüder Wölflin und Rüdiger Teufel der Abtei einige weitere Güter, unter anderem zehn Erb (Feldgüter ohne eigenen Hof), zu Kleinschönbach.Bereits im 14. Jahrhundert wurde das Dorf nach und nach zugunsten der aufsteigenden Stadt verlassen. Eventuell lag es bereits 1381 einmal wüst und wurde nur noch „villula“ (Dörfchen) genannt. Die endgültige Aufgabe des Dorfes erfolgte wohl im Jahr 1466, als eine Fehde zwischen Würzburg und Bamberg zum Niederbrennen führte. Die Bewohner flüchteten in die befestigte Stadt unter den Schutz der Markgrafen von Brandenburg.Die Kleinschönbacher lebten zwar in Prichsenstadt, bildeten aber eine unabhängige Gemeinde mit eigenem Schultheißen und hatten eine andere Zentzugehörigkeit. Während die Prichsenstadter dem Markgrafen zehntpflichtig waren, waren die Kleinschönbacher Exilanten dem hochstiftischen Zentgericht in Stadtschwarzach zugeordnet. Im Jahr 1551 wurde diese Zweiteilung sogar in der Bezeichnung für Prichsenstadt deutlich: Die Stadt wurde „Prichsenstadt oder Cleinschonbach“ genannt.
Die Ortsverwaltung wird unter Beteiligung der Vereine am zweiten Samstag im Jahr um 11:11 Uhr gestürmt. Der Zug der Beteiligten startet an der Eintrachthalle. Nach Sitzungen am Samstag und Sonntag und der Beteiligung der Mombacher am Mainzer Rosenmontagszug, findet am Fastnachtsdienstag der „Schissmelle-Dienstagszug“, benannt nach der in Mombach verbreiteten Gartenmelde, unter großer Beteiligung aller namhaften Mombacher Vereine statt. Eine eigens benannte Zugmarschallin plant und koordiniert die Teilnahme. 2011 waren rund 1000 Teilnehmer aus unter anderen sieben Garden, 13 Musikgruppen und zwei Guggemusiken gemeldet. Die Fußgruppen werden von 21 Fahrzeugen, darunter 10 Komiteewagen begleitet.
Jährlich um den letzten Sonntag im Juli wird das wohl bedeutendste Volksfest auf dem Festplatz der Kernstadt gefeiert: Die Allendorfer Kirmes, Veranstalter ist die Burschenschaft, seit 1976 als eingetragener Verein.
Nachdem das gebeugte rechte Bein auf dem vorderen Teil des Fußes etwa in Kreismitte aufgesetzt hat, wird das linke Bein auf möglichst kurzem Weg nach vorn gebracht und vor dem rechten, etwa parallel dazu, mit der Innenkante des Fußes aktiv aufgesetzt. Das rechte Knie sollte bei der Landung die gleiche Winkelstellung einnehmen wie zu Beginn der Umdrehung vor dem Anreißen des Oberschenkels. Die Landung der Beine erfolgt kurz nacheinander. Im Verlauf der Drehung bewegt sich die Schulterachse parallel zum Erdboden. Der Rücken der Wurfhand zeigt ständig nach oben.
Gier ist das vierte Theaterstück der britischen Dramatikerin Sarah Kane. Es wurde 1998 im Rahmen des Edinburgh Festivals am Traverse Theatre uraufgeführt.
Zur Ortslage gehört noch die einen Kilometer nordwestlich gelegene Siedlung Bernterode/Schacht, welche mit der Eröffnung des Kaliwerkes errichtet wurde.
Er erweiterte seine bischöfliche Residenz Schloss Neuhaus im Jahre 1590 um einen Nordflügel zur noch heute vorhandenen Vierflügelanlage. Ferner ließ er das erste Universitätsgebäude Paderborns, das heutige Theodorianum errichten.
Es gab 2 Untersuchungsausschüsse.1. Untersuchungsausschuss "Äußerungen im Vorfeld der Bundestagswahlen am 22. September 2002 über den Bundeshaushalt, der Finanzlage der gesetzlichenKranken- und Rentenversicherung sowie der Einhaltung der Stabilitätskriterien des EG-Vertrages und des europäischen Stabilitäts- und Wachstumspaktsdurch den Bund"(2002–2003)
2000 wurde die Schienenstrecke Gammertingen–Kleinengstingen mit dem „Rad-Wander-Shuttle“ (fährt von Mai bis Oktober) für den Ausflugsverkehr reaktiviert.
Während seiner Zeit am Scripps Institut entwickelte Lode ein Tumormodell zur Untersuchung von immuntherapeutischen Ansätzen beim Neuroblastom, eine bösartige Erkrankung des sympathischen Nervensystems, die vor allem im frühen Kindesalter auftritt. Lode zeigte, dass eine Behandlung mit Antikörper-Zytokin-Fusionsproteinen, die als Immunzytokine bezeichnet werden, in diesem Modell effizient ist. Er belegte auch eine synergetische Wirkung mit Inhibitoren der Gefäßneubildungen und mit Tumorvakzinen. Diese grundlegende wissenschaftliche Entdeckung wurde in die klinische Anwendung aufgenommen und ist aktuell Thema zahlreicher klinischer Studien.
Chuncheon ist mit der Hauptstadt Seoul durch eine erst wenige Jahre alte Eisenbahn-Strecke verbunden, die zu 30 % in Tunneln verläuft. Die Fahrzeit der modernen Züge mit Einheitsklasse beträgt ab Seoul-Yongsan 74 Minuten, ab Seoul-Cheongnyangni etwa eine Stunde. Sie fahren im Stundentakt. Die alte Strecke, die weitgehend dem Verlauf des Han-Flusses folgte und eine Fahrzeit von 2 1/2 Stunden hatte, wurde stillgelegt. Im Gegensatz zu den Hochgeschwindigkeitsstrecken, z.B. nach Busan, wo die Züge bis zu 300 km/h erreichen, wird die Strecke nach Chuncheon mit max. 180 km/h befahren. Etwa die halbe Distanz der Strecke ist gleichzeitig eine der neun U-Bahnstrecken Seouls.
2. Mai: Wilhelm Leyser II., deutscher Jurist und Rechtswissenschaftler (* 1628) 8. Juli: Luise Christine von Savoyen-Carignan, Markgräfin von Baden-Baden (* 1627)
Interferenz: Bei einer Superposition zweier oder mehrerer Wellen muss der aktuelle Phasenwinkel aller beteiligten Wellen beachtet werden. Sind die Wellen in dem betrachteten Punkt gleichphasig, so interferieren sie konstruktiv. Zwei gegenphasige Wellen gleicher Amplitude löschen sich gegenseitig aus (destruktive Interferenz).
Seit 2005 ist Bier nach Lehraufträgen und Gastprofessuren an der Hochschule für Bildende Künste Braunschweig, den Fachhochschulen Hannover und Niederrhein/Krefeld sowie der Hochschule der Künste in Bremen als Professor für Allgemeine künstlerische Ausbildung an der Staatlichen Akademie der Bildenden Künste Stuttgart tätig.
Watson, der angekündigt hatte in dieser Periode keine bedeutenden Ämter mehr übernehmen zu wollen ist Vorsitzender der Delegation für die Beziehungen zu Indien.
Die Forscher bauten ein kleines Camp, einen Garten und ein wissenschaftliches Observatorium am Ufer der Recherche Bay. Diese Einrichtungen wurden im April 1792 für 26 Tage und dann wieder im Januar 1793 für 24 Tage benutzt. Beide Aufenthalte wurden gemacht, um sich zu erholen und die Vorräte zu ergänzen, jedoch wurde sehr viel Zeit auf wissenschaftliche Untersuchungen verwendet. Die Botaniker Jacques Labillardière, Claude Riche und Étienne Pierre Ventenat sammelten, beschrieben und katalogisierten fast 5000 Pflanzen einschließlich des Blauen Eukalyptus (Eucalyptus globulus) der später das pflanzliche Wahrzeichen Tasmaniens wurde. Die Expedition traf 1793 auch auf die dort wohnenden tasmanischen Aborigines und es entspann sich ein freundlicher Kontakt.
Trumpfregeln bestimmen, welche Karten (Werte oder Farben) Trumpf sind. Liegen in einer Runde mehrere Trumpfregelkarten aus, bilden sie gemeinsam die Trumpffarbe. Liegen keine Trumpfregeln aus, gibt es in der Runde keine Trumpffarbe.
Der Emser Berg gehört in der naturräumlichen Haupteinheitengruppe Westhessisches Berg- und Senkenland (Nr. 34) und in der Haupteinheit Habichtswälder Bergland (342) zur Untereinheit Hinterhabichtswälder Kuppen (342.2).
1907 wurde er Sekretär des Industriellen, Stifters und Sammlers orientalischer Kunst Émile Guimet an dessen Museum für orientalische Kunst, dem Musée Guimet in Paris. 1913 wurde er Konservator des Museums, 1923 dessen Direktor.
Die Vorbereitungen für den Kaliabbau begannen 1904 mit der Gründung einer Aktiengesellschaft für das Kaliwerk Bernterode. 1905/1906 begann die Förderung des Schachtes Preußen und im Jahr 1912 im Schacht Sachsen, die Deutschen Kaliwerke AG verlegte den Verwaltungssitz nach Bernterode. 1907 wurde eine Chlorkaliumfabrik in Betrieb genommen und 1911 die Haltestelle an der Bahnstrecke Halle–Hann. Münden zum Bahnhof ausgebaut, von dem eine Anschlussbahn zum Schacht ausging. Im Ersten Weltkrieg fielen 52 Bernteröder. 1925 erhielten auch die evangelischen Bernteröder ein Gotteshaus auf dem Schacht.
Im Inneren der Kirche findet sich eine alte und kunsthistorisch bedeutsame Kanzel aus Holz mit Vertäfelungen, die vorderasiatische Motive zeigen. Davor befindet sich ein Taufstein aus dem 21. Jahrhundert, auf den die schon viele Jahrhunderte alte Taufschale aufgelegt wird.
Die Überlebenden der Loaísa-Expedition und die Crew Saavedras wurden gefangengenommen und mussten die nächste Enttäuschung erleben: Sie erfuhren, dass die spanische Krone im Vertrag von Saragossa 1529 auf die Gebiete westlich der Marianen, somit insbesondere auf die Gewürzinseln, verzichtet hatte.
Uta M. Feser absolvierte im Jahr 1978 ihr Abitur am Melanchthon-Gymnasium in Nürnberg. Sie studierte Wirtschafts- und Sozialpädagogik an der Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg und schloss dort ihre Ausbildung als Diplom-Handelslehrerin ab. Nach ihrer Promotion zur Dr. rer. pol. war sie von 1989 bis 1995 als Akademische Rätin am Lehrstuhl für Allgemeine Versicherungs- und Bankbetriebswirtschaftslehre der Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg tätig. Anschließend war sie bis 1997 Leiterin der betriebswirtschaftlichen Abteilung sowie im Controlling der Europäischen Klinik Treuhand und Management-AG (EKT AG) in Henfenfeld und von 1997 bis 2000 Teamleiterin Klinikmanagement bei der Rödl & Partner Consulting AG.In den Jahren 2000 bis 2006 war Uta M. Feser Professorin für Gesundheitsmanagement und wissenschaftliche Leiterin des MBA-Postgraduiertenstudiengangs „BWL für Ärztinnen und Ärzte“ an der Hochschule Neu-Ulm. Außerdem war sie an der Universität Ulm als Lehrbeauftragte für Gesundheitsökonomie und Krankenhausmanagement tätig.
Die Technik des Diskuswurfes besteht aus einer anderthalbfachen Drehung um die eigene Achse. Um den Diskus unter den eben genannten Bedingungen möglichst kräftig zu beschleunigen, müssen viele Aspekte beachtet werden. Außerdem kann man die relativ flüssig aussehende Drehbewegung in verschiedene Phasen unterteilen.
Die vorläufige Konsolidierung des ASGB wurde auch von Seiten der CGIL anerkannt, die den Widerstand gegen eine Beteiligung des ASGB teilweise aufgab, da nun alle Gewerkschaften Südtirols innerhalb staatlicher Bünde Platz gefunden hatten. Die Mitgliederzahl des ASGB stieg in den 1970er Jahren stark an, da das italienische Arbeiterstatut von 1970 den Gewerkschaften innerhalb der Betriebe weitgehende Rechte einräumte. Die Aufbruchstimmung wurde allerdings von der UIL nicht geteilt: im Mai 1976 wurde das Abkommen mit dem ASGB einseitig gekündigt. Der offiziell ins Treffen geführte Grund, der ASGB habe sich nicht an die Richtlinien der staatlichen UIL gehalten, wurde von der Gewerkschaft in einem Brief selbst widerlegt, in dem man auf den Aufbau einer eigenen deutschen Sektion hinwies.
Der höchste Punkt liegt nordwestlich des Ursprungs der beiden Quellbäche auf dem bewaldeten Grainberg (bis 408 m ü. NHN) nördlich von Löffelsterz auf etwas über 400 m ü. NHN.
In Krisenzeiten galten Briefmarken, ähnlich wie Zigaretten als beliebtes Tauschmittel, so etwa während oder nach den beiden Weltkriegen. Die größte Spekulationsblase in jüngster Zeit bildete sich in den 1960er Jahren, als in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland und in der Schweiz die Anzahl der Sammler rapide anstieg. Daraufhin verteuerten sich die Preise älterer Ausgaben vergangener Jahrzehnte. Ein prominentes Beispiel war das des Frankfurter Briefmarkenhändlers Hartmut Schwenn, der über Bankfilialen Briefmarkenpakete als Geldanlage vertrieb.Zeitgenössische Ratgeber empfahlen Einsteigern in die Philatelie den Erwerb von aktuellen Briefmarkenausgaben des eigenen Landes. Die Spekulation auf zukünftige Wertentwicklung motivierte zum Kauf großer Mengen an Briefmarken, insbesondere moderneren Materials; mitunter wurden bogenweise Briefmarken, auch von Neuheiten gekauft. Die Postverwaltungen reagierten mit einer Steigerung der Briefmarkenausgaben und einer Steigerung der Auflagen. 1977 und 1982 erreichten die Preise verschiedener Sammelgebiete spekulative Höchstpreise, die bis heute (2016) nicht mehr erreicht wurden. Heute erreichen Bestände aus dem „Sammeln im Abonnement“ bei Veräußerung häufig nicht einmal mehr den Nominalwert. Während die Deutsche Post keinen Umtausch älterer nicht-entwerteter Briefmarken mehr anbietet, lassen sich in der Schweiz alte Sammlungen immerhin noch zum Frankieren von Briefen verwerten. Briefmarken in durchschnittlicher Erhaltung oder geläufiger Abstempelung sind schwer verkäuflich, mitunter bezeichnet man diese als „Großvaterware“.Extrem seltene Einzelbriefmarken und Briefe aus der Zeit bis in das erste Drittel des 20. Jahrhunderts erreichten und erreichen immer wieder Spitzenpreise im sechs- und siebenstelligen Bereich, ohne dass sich daraus ein regelmäßiger Wertzuwachs ableiten lässt.
13. Februar: Nach der vom Parlament beschlossenen Declaration of Rights muss der englische König das Parlament in regelmäßigen Abständen einberufen und benötigt dessen Zustimmung zur Erhebung von Steuern und Abgaben, zur Anwendung der Folter sowie zum Unterhalt eines stehenden Heeres in Friedenszeiten. Darüber hinaus begründet das Gesetz die Immunität der Parlamentsabgeordneten: Sie genießen völlige Redefreiheit im Unterhaus und müssen sich für Vergehen künftig nur noch vor diesem selbst, aber nicht mehr vor dem König oder seinen Gerichten verantworten.
Ad-hoc-Umschrift-Nutzer von öffentlich zugänglichen Computern oder mobilen SMS-Diensten improvisieren oftmals mit einer informellen Umschrift aufgrund von Einschränkungen der Tastatur oder des Zeichensatzes. Diese können sowohl Vokale und Konsonanten ersetzen. Beispiel: YKPAIHCbKA ABTOPKA für "УКРАЇНСЬКА АВТОРКА"; wie unterem auch bei der Volapük Kodierung: Diese nutzt ebenfalls nur ihren begrenzten verfügbaren Zeichensatz.
In den Jahren 1977, 1978 und 1984 nahm der FC Köniz an den Aufstiegsspielen in die Nationalliga B teil.Im Sommer 2011 begann man, ehemalige Nationalligaspieler zu verpflichten, darunter Carlos Varela. Im darauffolgenden Winter wechselten weitere bekannte Namen, u. a. Miguel Portillo, in den Berner Vorort. Gleichzeitig verliessen zehn Spieler den Verein, da sie nicht in die zweite Mannschaft wechseln wollten. Hatte der FC Köniz in der vorhergehenden Saison noch bis zuletzt um den Klassenerhalt in der 2. Liga interregional kämpfen müssen, so konnte die Mannschaft im Sommer 2012 den Aufstieg feiern. 2013 folgte der zweite Aufstieg in Folge. In den Jahren 2013/14 und 2014/15 wurde man zwei Saisons nacheinander Vierter bzw. Zweiter und hat somit nur knapp den Aufstieg in die Challenge League verpasst. Der FC Köniz ist seit dem Jahr 2013/14 stets im Schweizer Cup dabei, wo man jedes Mal mindestens das Achtelfinale erreichen konnte. 2015/16 stiess der FC Köniz bis in das Viertelfinale vor, nachdem man in der 2. Runde den Grasshopper Club Zürich mit 3:1 besiegt hatte.
Eng waren in den Gründungsjahren die Kontakte zu österreichischen und bundesdeutschen Gewerkschaftern, die dem ASGB maßgebliche Unterstützung zuteilwerden ließen.
Im Jahre 2003 suchten die privaten Eigentümer der dortigen Wälder um eine Erlaubnis zum Fällen von Bäumen nach, was zu einer groß angelegten Kampagne führte, die Gegend gegen die forstwirtschaftliche Veränderung zu schützen.
Allendorf liegt an der Lumdatalbahn, die früher von Gießen kommend im Bahnhof Lollar von der Main-Weser-Bahn abzweigte und über Staufenberg, Allendorf und Londorf bis Grünberg verkehrte und dort in die nach Fulda führende Vogelsbergbahn mündete. Die Strecke zwischen Londorf und Grünberg wurde jedoch bereits 1965, der westliche Abschnitt nach Lollar/Gießen 1981 stillgelegt. Die nächsten heute noch betriebenen Bahnhöfe befinden sich in Lollar, Grünberg und Gießen.
Die katholische Kirche St. Martin wurde 1605 erbaut, jedoch ist von dieser ursprünglichen Kirche nur der Turm erhalten, da 1866 das Kirchenschiff neu errichtet wurde. 1635/1636 forderte die Pest viele Todesopfer und in den darauf folgenden Jahren litt die Gemeinde unter dem Dreißigjährigen Krieg und den damit verbundenen Truppendurchmärschen und Einquartierungen.
Amelle Berrabah (* 22. April 1984 in Aldershot, Hampshire) ist eine britische Sängerin und Songwriterin. Seit Ende 2005 bis zur Auflösung 2011 war sie Mitglied der britischen Girlband Sugababes.
Die Konstruktion von Baufahrzeugen ist schwierig, da diese eine große Bodenfreiheit benötigen, die durch den tiefliegenden Motor kaum zu erreichen ist.
Diese Abgabenfreiheit bezieht sich auf den Empfänger, der bei der zunächst ausschließlich üblichen Versandform unfrei für das Beförderungsentgelt aufzukommen hatte, wovon ihn die durch entsprechende Stempel oder Freimarken dokumentierte Frankierung, Freimachung auf Kosten des Absenders, befreite (französisch affranchir, wörtlich: befreien).Obwohl inhaltlich nicht auf Anhieb nachzuvollziehen, setzte sich der Wortbildungen wie Philosophie, Philanthropie und Philharmonie nachahmende Begriff in allen Sprachen durch. Andere Vorschläge wie Timbrophilie oder Timbrologie verschwanden bald wieder. Als deutsche Version für Philatelie wird häufig „Briefmarkenkunde“ und für die praktizierenden Personen „Briefmarkensammler“ oder „Briefmarkenliebhaber“ verwendet.
Der Stadtbezirk Weibin (渭濱區 / 渭滨区, Wèibīn Qū) gehört zum Verwaltungsgebiet der bezirksfreien Stadt Baoji im Westen der chinesischen Provinz Shaanxi. Er hat eine Fläche von 728 Quadratkilometern und zählt 390.000 Einwohner (2004).
Nouvelles recherches archéologiques à Bāmiyān Bd. 1, avec la collaboration de Jean Carl (= Mémoires de la Délégation archéologique française en Afghanistan Bd. 3). Van Oest, Paris 1933.
Herbert Häfner studierte in Berlin an der Hochschule für Bildende Künste und hinterließ etwa hundert Ölbilder und ebenso viele Grafiken. Stilistisch orientierte er sich an der Malerei des Idealismus des späten 19. Jahrhunderts, speziell an Hans von Marées. Häfner erhielt 1937 von den Nationalsozialisten Berufsverbot wegen „jüdischer Versippung“, weil er mit der jüdischen Malerin Ilse Häfner-Mode verheiratet war. Er wurde aus der Reichskammer der Bildenden Künste ausgeschlossen. Den 1934 verliehenen Rom-Preis musste er zurückgeben. Nach dem Krieg starb er vereinsamt.
Der erste bekannte Grundherr von Drove war Reinhard von Drove, der 1239 erwähnt wird. Die alte Burg, eine Motte lag in unmittelbarer Nähe, südöstlich der Kirche. Heute ist nur ein von Gräben umschlossener Hügel zu sehen.
Haus Pestalozzistraße 4 (1900), sandsteingegliederter Backsteinbau aus dem späten 19. Jahrhundert, doppelgeschossiger Wintergarten, von Valentin Braunbeck
Erster Wurf über 70 Meter: 70,24 m, Mac Wilkins (USA), 1. Mai 1976 (frühere 70-Meter-Würfe von 1971 wurden nicht als Weltrekorde anerkannt)Frauen:
Jan Bolesław Czedekowski (* 22. Februar 1885 in Wojnyliw; † 8. Juli 1969 in Wien) war ein polnisch-österreichischer Porträt-, Genre- und Kriegsmaler.
Hiram Belcher wurde 1790 in Hallowell geboren, das damals noch Teil von Massachusetts war und seit 1820 zum Staat Maine gehört. Er besuchte die öffentlichen Schulen seiner Heimat. Nach einem anschließenden Jurastudium und seiner im Jahr 1812 erfolgten Zulassung als Rechtsanwalt begann er in Farmington in seinem neuen Beruf zu praktizieren. Zwischen 1814 und 1819 war er in dieser Stadt auch Ratsschreiber (Town Clerk). In den Jahren 1822, 1829 und 1832 war er Abgeordneter im Repräsentantenhaus von Maine. Von 1838 bis 1839 gehörte Belcher dem Staatssenat an.
Es geht zurück auf einen untergegangenen Bischofssitz in der Stadt Spello, die in der mittelitalienischen Landschaft Umbrien (spätantike Provinz Tuscia et Umbria) lag.
1959 wurde er Stadtverordneter in Elmshorn. Von 1962 bis 1974 und von 1978 bis 1982 war er Stadtrat, in den Jahren 1966 bis 1968 sowie 1981 und 1982 war er CDU-Fraktionsvorsitzender im Stadtverordnetenkollegium. Von 1974 bis 1978 und wieder von 1982 bis 1986 war er Elmshorner Bürgervorsteher. Von 1962 bis 1966 war er zudem Mitglied des Kreistags Pinneberg.
Möglicherweise weist schon die Bezeichnung des „steineschleudernden“ Diomedes oder Ähnliches im Epos Ilias auf den Diskus hin. Zumindest war er Gegenstand der griechischen Mythologie. So hat Perseus seinen Großvater Akrisios unabsichtlich mit einem Diskuswurf erschlagen.
García Jofre de Loaísa (* um 1490; † 30. Juli 1526 im Pazifik) war ein spanischer Seefahrer und Leiter der glücklosen Loaísa-Expedition, die einen Seeweg zu den Gewürzinseln über den Atlantik und Pazifik durch Umrundung der Südspitze Südamerikas finden sollte.
Die Ergebnisse der Reichsratswahlen in den im Reichsrate vertretenen Königreichen und Ländern im Jahre 1911. In: Österreichische Statistik. Neue Folge. 7. Band, 1. Heft, Wien 1912 (Herausgegeben von der k .k. Statistischen Zentralkommission), S. 118
Während der Ausgrabungen von 1937 in Begram entdeckte Marie Hackin zwei vermauerte Kellerräume (Chantier 2, Kammern 10 und 13), die den Schatzfund von Begram enthielten. Er besteht überwiegend aus römischen Glasgefäßen höchster Qualität des 1. Jahrhunderts n. Chr., hellenistischen Gipsabdrücken, sowie aus Elfenbeintafeln mit indischen Motiven, u. a. von Flussgöttern, die vermutlich aus dem 3. Jahrhundert stammen. Sein Nachfolger als Leiter der Délégation wurde Daniel Schlumberger.
Beim Sprungwurf wird nach verlassen des Diskus eine weitere Drehung in der Luft gemacht, wobei das Körpergewicht in die Mitte des Ringes zu verlagern ist. Man landet erneut auf dem linken Fuß und dreht auf ihm aus bis das Gleichgewicht genügend ausbalanciert wurde, um sicher den rechten Fuß im Ring zu setzen und den Wurf zu beenden.
Hnatek war ab 1928 Kustos, ab 1932 außerordentlicher Professor für Astronomie an der Universität Wien und viele Jahrzehnte an der Universitätssternwarte. Er war ein Pionier der Spektralphotometrie von Sternen, indem er die relativen Energiedichten (bestimmbar aus den fotografischen Platten) bei verschiedenen Wellenlängen verglich und dann aus dem Vergleich mit dem Schwarzkörperspektrum eines Vergleichssterns die Temperatur ermittelte. Er schrieb über dieses Gebiet 1928 einen Artikel in der Enzyklopädie der mathematischen Wissenschaften.
Leun grenzt im Norden an die Gemeinden Greifenstein und Ehringshausen, im Osten an die Stadt Solms, im Süden an die Stadt Braunfels (alle im Lahn-Dill-Kreis), sowie im Westen an die Gemeinde Löhnberg (Landkreis Limburg-Weilburg).
Die katholischen Christen der Stadt (unter 10 % der Bevölkerung) gehören zur Pfarrei in Londorf (St. Franziskus). Diese gehört zum Bistum Mainz und verwaltet die Gläubigen in Nordeck und Winnen mit, die eigentlich nicht zu dem Bistum gehören. Dies erklärt sich daraus, dass die beiden Stadtteile ursprünglich zu Kurhessen (Landkreis Marburg) gehörten und erst 1974 in den Landkreis Gießen kamen.
Der heutige Industriehafen wurde 1882 bis 1887 als Floßhafen angelegt, indem der Rheinarm zur Ingelheimer Aue teilweise zugeschüttet wurde, um stromaufwärts das Becken für den Mainzer Zoll- und Binnenhafen zu schaffen.
Arleen Schloss (* 12. Dezember 1943 in Brooklyn, New York, USA) ist eine US-amerikanische Performancekünstlerin, Video-Pionierin und Kuratorin.
Die Van-Nelle-Fabrik in Rotterdam (Rotterdam, Niederlande / Jan Brinkman und Leendert van der Vlugt). Produktion 2013, Erstausstrahlung am 13. September 2015.
Fünf Sterne ist ein Dokumentarfilm aus dem Jahr 2017. Für Buch, Regie, Kamera und Ton zeichnete Annekatrin Hendel verantwortlich. Die Premiere war auf der 67. Berlinale in der Sektion „Panorama Dokumente“ 2017.
Das Instrument wurde von 1643 bis 1648 von Joachim Thiele in Rastenburg (polnisch Kętrzyn) gefertigt. Die Registermechanik ist aus Eichenholz und Schmiedeeisen gefertigt. Die Metallpfeifen sind stark bleihaltig. Die Flügelgemälde wurden 1651 fertiggestellt.
Die Altersstruktur der Bevölkerung bestand zu 20,9 % aus unter 18-jährigen, zu 7,4 % aus 18 bis 24-jährigen, zu 22,9 % aus zwischen 25 und 44-jährigen, zu 34,0 % aus zwischen 45 und 64-jährigen und 14,8 % waren 65 Jahre oder älter. Das Durchschnittsalter betrug 44 Jahre. Auf 100 Frauen kamen 112,1 Männer, auf 100 Frauen im Alter von 18 Jahren kamen 104,3 Männer.
Der Wahlbezirk Galizien 7 war ein Wahlkreis für die Wahlen zum Abgeordnetenhaus im österreichischen Kronland Galizien. Der Wahlbezirk wurde 1907 mit der Einführung der Reichsratswahlordnung geschaffen und bestand bis zum Zusammenbruch der Habsburgermonarchie.
Zu der berühmtesten Sammlung einer Privatperson zählt sicherlich die Sammlung des Grafen Philipp la Renotière von Ferrary. Philipp von Ferrary konnte dank seines großen Vermögens so gut wie alle Weltraritäten kaufen. Zahlreiche Händler arbeiteten ausschließlich für ihn und suchten auf Auktionen auf der ganzen Welt nach den letzten fehlenden Stücken. Obwohl Philipp von Ferrary in Paris lebte, zog es ihn häufig nach Österreich und nach Deutschland. Er wurde schließlich österreichischer Staatsbürger, lebte aber weiterhin in Frankreich. Im Alter von 65 Jahren entschloss er sich, nach seinem Tode seine gesamten „Schätze“ dem von ihm sehr geschätzten Reichspostmuseum in Berlin zu hinterlassen. Der Erste Weltkrieg war jedoch bereits ausgebrochen und Philipp von Ferrary musste wegen seiner österreichischen Staatsangehörigkeit überstürzt in die Schweiz fliehen. Seine Sammlung hinterließ er vor seiner Abreise in der Österreichischen Botschaft. Die Sammlung (die aus ca. 120.000 Briefmarken bestand) wurde jedoch nach dem Krieg als Reparationszahlung angesehen und versteigert. Philipp von Ferrary erlebte die Zerstörung seines Lebenswerkes nicht mehr, da er ein Jahr vor Kriegsende verstarb. Die Versteigerung dauerte über sechs Jahre und brachte bis dahin nie erreichte Summen für die Briefmarken ein. Philipp von Ferrary war wohl auch der einzige Sammler in der Geschichte der Briefmarke, der von sich behaupten konnte, das Sammelgebiet „die ganze Welt“ komplett zu haben.
im Norden über dem Rhein Wiesbaden-Schierstein und Wiesbaden-Biebrich, im Osten Mainz-Neustadt, im Süden Mainz-Gonsenheim sowie zu einem kleinen Teil Mainz-Hartenberg-Münchfeld und im Westen Budenheim.
Zu Beginn eines Spiels werden die Regelkarten gemischt und jeder Spieler erhält drei Karten auf die Hand, die übrigen Regelkarten werden als verdeckter Stapel bereitgelegt. Als nächstes werden die Stichkarten verdeckt gemischt und gleichmäßig an die Spieler verteilt. Nachdem die Spieler ihre Stichkarten angesehen haben, wählen sie aus ihren drei Regelkarten diejenige aus, die ihnen am geeignetsten erscheint. Die jeweils zwei verbleibenden Karten werden verdeckt abgelegt, sie werden in dem restlichen Spiel nicht mehr verwendet. Die gewählten Regelkarten werden von den Spielern gleichzeitig offen ausgelegt und bilden die Sonderregeln für die kommende Runde. Es gibt drei Arten von Regelkarten:
Recherches archéologiques au col de Khair Khaneh, près de Kābul, avec la collaboration de Jean Carl (= Mémoires de la Délégation archéologique française en Afghanistan Bd. 7). Éditions d'art et d'histoire, Paris 1936.
TPS wurde 1870 von Adolf Freiherr von Bissing auf Beerberg als Die christliche Kleinkinderschule. Zeitschrift für christliche Kleinkinderpflege und Erziehung ins Leben gerufen. Ihre Intention war:
Seit 1907 werfen die Männer mit einem kreisrunden, zwei Kilogramm schweren Diskus, der einen Radius von elf Zentimetern besitzt. Der Diskus der Frauen wiegt die Hälfte. Von 1928 an, als auch Frauen erstmals zum Diskuswurf bei den Olympischen Spielen zugelassen waren, wurde aus einem Wurfkreis mit zweieinhalb Metern Durchmesser geworfen.
Gerhard Theuerkauf: Dietrich von Fürstenberg. In: Helmut Lahrkamp unter anderem: Fürstenbergsche Geschichte. Bd. 3: Die Geschichte des Geschlechts von Fürstenberg im 17. Jahrhundert, Münster 1971, S. 28–39.
Karl Heinrich von Lang; Heinrich Christoph Büttner; Julius W. Schulz: Landgericht Ansbach. In: Historische und statistische Beschreibung des Rezatkreises. Nr. 1. Johann Lorenz Schmidmer, Nürnberg 1809, S. 18 (Digitalisat).
Anlässlich des 150. Geburtstages von Lukas Grünenwald fand 2008 in seinem Heimatdorf Dernbach ein offizieller Festakt statt. Ein Platz wurde nach ihm benannt, der „Dr. Lukas-Grünenwald-Platz“.
In Kurmainzer Zeit war der Ort von einer Dorfmauer umgeben. Teile dieser Dorfmauer sind noch heute Bestandteil von alten Scheunen. Mombachs historischer Ortskern ist der Lindenplatz. Um die alte Dorflinde gruppierten sich die wichtigsten Gebäude, die erste Nikolauskapelle, Backhaus und Schulhaus. Wie die Grenzsteinforschung zeigt, waren außer dem Mainzer Domstift auch die Klöster Dalheim und Jakobsberg nachweisbar in dieser Zeit in Mombach begütert.
Grundregeln beeinflussen den Spielablauf: Einige Karten ändern beispielsweise die Spielreihenfolge oder die Wertigkeit bestimmter Karten, andere verlangen etwa, einen gewonnenen Stich an einen Mitspieler abzugeben.
Chinandega ist eine Stadt im gleichnamigen Departamento Chinandega im Nordwesten des mittelamerikanischen Staates Nicaragua mit ca. 133.700 Einwohnern (2004). Sie befindet sich 134 km nordwestlich von Managua, der Hauptstadt Nicaraguas und liegt an der Pazifikküste.
Gemeindeverbindungsstraßen führen nach Andorf, Ebersdorf zur Kreisstraße AN 24, Rüdern, zur Staatsstraße 2255 bei Rosenberg und zur Kreisstraße AN 17 in der Nähe von Adelmannsdorf.
Vor der Erfindung des Briefmarkenfalzes gab es einige einfallsreiche provisorische Lösungen, um das direkte Einkleben der Briefmarken in das Album zu verhindern. Man knickte beispielsweise die nicht benötigten Bogenränder der Briefmarken so um, dass ein Teil der Klebefläche auf die Briefmarke geklebt wird und der andere Teil des Bogenrandes auf die Unterlage. Der Briefmarkenfalz funktionierte nach dem Prinzip der Befestigung von Briefmarken auf Albumseiten mittels Bogenrändern, er wurde jedoch speziell dafür hergestellt.
Die traditionelle Küche der Region besteht aus einfachen und sehr nahrhaften Gerichten. Fleisch war auf dem Tisch der einfachen Bürger eine Seltenheit. Wichtige Zutat zu den meisten Hauptgerichten war die Kartoffel, die sich heute noch in den traditionellen und noch immer gern gegessenen Gerichten wie dem „Schalet“ und dem „Lohkuchen“ (im Stadtteil Climbach »Schmierschelkuchen« genannt) wiederfindet.
Sein Markenzeichen sind seine blondierten Haare. Ursprünglich, so Zumas Aussage, färbte er sich die Haare blond, damit seine Großmutter ihn im Fernsehen besser erkennen konnte, doch auch nach ihrem Tod hat er sich sein Markenzeichen bewahrt.
Noch im Jahr seiner Wahl führte er in Paderborn den gregorianischen Kalender ein. Er führte seit 1586 regelmäßige Diözesansynoden durch, mit deren Hilfe die katholische Lehre im Klerus gefestigt werden sollte. Außerdem hat er periodische Visitationen der einzelnen Pfarreien befohlen, um dadurch die Umsetzung der Beschlüsse des Konzils von Trient nicht nur in Bezug auf die Glaubenslehre, sondern auch auf die Lebensweise der Priester (Durchsetzung des Zölibats) zu kontrollieren. Unterstützt wurde er durch den Generalvikar Theodor Matthisius, den Weihbischof Nikolaus Arresdorf und vom Abt Leonard Ruben vom Abdinghofkloster.Damit Bücher, liturgische Texte und andere Schriften den Normen der katholischen Konfession und dem Interesse Dietrichs als Landesherren entsprachen, hat er 1597 den Drucker Matthäus Pontanus aus Münster nach Paderborn geholt und ihm 1608 das Druckmonopol für das gesamte Hochstift Paderborn verliehen.Bereits 1596 hat Dietrich den Klerus in seinem Bistum angewiesen, sich entweder den Normen der katholischen Kirche anzupassen oder ihr Amt niederzulegen. 1602 hat er eine neue strikt katholische Regelung der Sakramentsspendung und Gottesdienstordnung durch eine Agende eingeführt. Insbesondere in den Jahren zwischen 1611 und 1613 ließ Dietrich den Druck auf protestantische Laien verschärfen. Eine Heirat sollte nur nach einer nach katholischem Brauch durchgeführten Beichte möglich sein. Alle Einwohner des Hochstifts mussten bis Ostern 1613 die Beichte abgelegt haben oder auswandern. Protestanten sollten nur vor den Stadtmauern beigesetzt werden dürfen.
Die Normen für den Titel Großmeisterin erfüllte sie im April 2008 bei der russischen Mannschaftsmeisterschaft der Frauen in Dagomys und bei den Austragungen des Moskauer Opens im Februar 2008 und Februar 2009.
Reihenhaussiedlung „Am Mahnes“ für Arbeiter, begonnen 1921 ff. von der Gemeinnützigen Baugenossenschaft Mainz-Mombach nach Plänen des Bauunternehmers Franz Vlasdeck, zweigeschossige Häuserzeilen mit Vorgärten, rückwärtigen Gartenparzellen und Kleinviehställen; als Dokument des Kleinsiedlungsbaus der 1920er Jahre
Jürgen Schult (GER) (bis 1990 für die DDR startend): Olympiasieger 1988, Olympiazweiter 1992, Weltmeister 1987, Weltmeisterschafts-Zweiter 1999, Weltmeisterschafts-Dritter 1993 und 1997, WeltrekordhalterFrauen:
Zur Ortschaft Bildechingen gehört auch die Wohnsiedlung Haugenstein, die sich aus 30 zweigeschossigen Wohngebäuden mit insgesamt 120 Wohnungen sowie einem ehemaligen Schulgebäude, Laden- und Lagergebäude und einem eigenen Heizwerk. Die sogenannte „NATO-Siedlung Haugenstein“ in Nachbarschaft zur Hohenberg-Kaserne beherbergte einst französische Offiziere. 2010 wurde die Siedlung an einen privaten Investor verkauft.
Die Ortschaft gehörte von jeher zur Grafschaft Hohenberg und zum Obervogteiamt Horb, dessen Schicksal es lange Zeit teilte. Im 12. und 13. Jahrhundert war neben den Klöstern Allerheiligen und Kniebis auch das Kloster Alpirsbach hier begütert. Darüber hinaus hatte der weltliche Hochadel hier namhafte Liegenschaften, die häufig ihren Besitzer wechselten. Nicht selten waren es Schulden, die die lebensfrohen Herren mit Bildechinger Scholle beglichen.
1872 nahm Waldeyer einen Ruf an die neugegründete Universität Straßburg an und bekam einen Lehrstuhl für Anatomie. Elf Jahre später verließ Waldeyer Straßburg wieder, um das Berliner Anatomische Institut zu übernehmen. Dort widmete er sich vorwiegend der anatomischen Ausbildung, 33 Jahre lang als Vorstand der Abteilung für systematische und topographische Anatomie. 1917 trat er, bereits 80 Jahre alt, von diesem Amt zurück, wurde in den erblichen Adelsstand versetzt und legte sich den Namen seiner mütterlichen Familie Hartz zu. Im Jahr 1879 wurde er zum Mitglied der Leopoldina gewählt.
Der Unabhängigkeitstag wurde zum ersten Mal im Jahr 1919 begangen, nachdem der Staatsrat den Tag offiziell zum Feiertag ernannt hatte. Erst im Jahre 1929 wurde der Unabhängigkeitstag zu einem Staatsfeiertag, an dem die Arbeit per Gesetz niederzulegen ist und den Arbeitern Lohn gezahlt werden muss. In den Zwanzigern wurde der Unabhängigkeitstag stark von den Folgen des Bürgerkrieges überschattet und galt allgemein als ein bürgerlicher Feiertag, den das Proletariat eher scheute. Außerdem stand der Unabhängigkeitstag in den ersten Jahren der Republik im Schatten des 16. Mais, des Jahrestages der Siegesparade der bürgerlichen weißen Armee, die den Finnischen Bürgerkrieg für sich entschieden hatte. Durch die verbindenden Erfahrungen des Volkes im Zweiten Weltkrieg wurde der Tag zu einem Nationaltag aller Bevölkerungsschichten. Außerdem wurde der Tag zu einem Gedenktag an das Heldentum der Soldaten im Winterkrieg (1939-40) und Fortsetzungskrieg (1941-44).
1934 wurde Hackin Leiter der Délégation archéologique française en Afghanistan. Gemeinsam mit seiner Frau führte er Forschungsarbeiten in Bamiyan, dem Ort der berühmten Buddha-Statuen, sowie im nördlich von Kabul gelegenen Begram durch, wahrscheinlich dem Ort Kapisa des zentralasiatisch-nordindischen Kuschanreiches. Unterstützt wurden die beiden Hackins von dem Architekten Jean Carl.
Klaus Schüttler-Janikulla (Hrsg.): Handbuch für ErzieherInnen in Krippe, Kindergarten, Vorschule und Hort. 20. Nachlieferung, Landsberg 1989.
Weitere bekannte Kinofilme mit Patrick McGoohan sind „Eisstation Zebra“ (Ice Station Zebra, 1968), „Trans-Amerika-Express“ (Silver Streak, 1976), „Flucht von Alcatraz“ (Escape from Alcatraz, 1979), „Braveheart“ (1995) und „Hysteria“ (1997). Für die Fernsehserie „Columbo“ mit Peter Falk, für die er sich sehr engagierte, fungierte McGoohan zudem als Regisseur wie auch als Mitproduzent. Darüber hinaus trat er selbst in vier Episoden der Serie als Täter auf: In den Folgen „Des Teufels Corporal“ (By dawn's early light), „Tod am Strand“ (Identity crisis), „Mord nach Termin“ (Agenda for murder) und „Das Aschenpuzzle“ (Ashes to ashes) ist er als Mörder zu sehen.
In der altindischen Literatur wird eine gezackte Wurfscheibe (sudarshana chakra) als Attribut des Hindu-Gottes Vishnu bereits im Rigveda, im Yajurveda und in den Puranas erwähnt. Vielleicht durch griechisch-hellenistische Einflüsse angeregt, wird Vishnu seit frühmittelalterlicher Zeit (um 500 n. Chr.) mit einer Wurfscheibe (chakra) dargestellt, die manchmal auch als ‚Rad‘ oder als ‚Diskus‘ übersetzt wird.
Das Deutsche zeichnet sich durch eine besonders flexible Wortbildungsfähigkeit aus. Verben erscheinen mit einem reichen System an Präfixen, Partikeln und anderen Elementen, die zusammengesetzte Verben ergeben. Als typisch wird ferner der ausgiebige Gebrauch von Komposita empfunden (Haus+tür, Kegel+form, Weihnacht-s+baum+verkäufer).
Die Steinach passiert die Ortschaft unterquert noch die St 2447 und die Gleisanlagen der Bahnstrecke Bamberg–Rottendorf, wechselt dann scharf nach Nordwesten und mündet schließlich knapp einen halben Kilometer später auf einer Höhe von 209 m ü. NHN bei etwa Main-KM 337,5 von rechts in den aus dem Südosten heranziehenden Main.
Der weltgrösste Nahrungsmittelkonzern hat die Schließung des Werks am Industriehafen für Ende 2017 beschlossen. Glaskeramik-Werk der Schott AG
Die Philatelie folgt in der Wertermittlung eigenen Gesetzmäßigkeiten, da sie sich, anders als beispielsweise eine Kunstsammlung, nicht einfach zusammenkaufen lässt. Viele Briefmarken wären gestempelt in besten Erhaltungsgraden theoretisch erschwinglich, sind aber nur mit viel Mühe überhaupt aufzutreiben. Bekanntes Beispiel sind einige Briefmarken der Berliner Ausgaben der Dauerserie Frauen der deutschen Geschichte: Mit Vollstempeln aus dem Berliner Postverkehr sind diese kaum anzutreffen und noch seltener als Eckrandstücke, während die Katalognotierungen von Spitzenpreisen weit entfernt sind.
Nouvelles recherches archéologiques à Begram, ancienne Kâpici, 1939–1940, avec la collaboration de Marie Hackin, Jean Carl et Pierre Hamelin; études comparatives par Jeannine Auboyer, V. Elisséeff, et al. (avant-propos par Alfred Foucher, René Grousset, Philippe Stern) (= Mémoires de la Délégation archéologique française en Afghanistan Bd. 11). Presses universitaires, Paris 1954.
Das Hôtel Juvénal des Ursins in Troyes, Verwaltungssitz des Départements Aube in der Region Grand Est, wurde nach dem Stadtbrand von 1524 errichtet. Das Hôtel particulier an der Nr. 26 rue de Champeaux ist seit 1932 als Monument historique klassifiziert.
Ursillo hielt sich um 1720 in Rom auf. Kurze Zeit später begegnete er dort oder in Neapel, dem Grafen Franz Ernst von Salm-Reifferscheid. Als dieser 1725 Bischof von Tournai wurde, blieb er in dessen Diensten. Ursillo wechselte häufig seine Stellen, so wirkte er ab 1730 in Frankreich, kam 1733 wieder in die Dienste des Bischofs von Tournai, war ab 1744 am Hof von Württemberg tätig, um ab 1746 wieder in Tournai zu wirken. Der Bischof garantierte ihm ab diesem Zeitpunkt ein Jahresgehalt von 1200 Pfund, zuzüglich Unterkunft, Nahrung, Lampenöl und Kleidung.
Günter Friedrich (* 17. Mai 1925 in Ritzow, Kreis Stolp, Provinz Pommern; † 4. Dezember 2014 in Elmshorn, Schleswig-Holstein) war ein deutscher Politiker (CDU). Er war von 1967 bis 1983 und von 1985 bis 1987 Mitglied des Landtags von Schleswig-Holstein.
Es gab einen Untersuchungsausschuss; eine Konstituierung des Verteidigungsausschuss als UntersuchungsausschussVerteidigungsausschuss als 1. Untersuchungsausschuss nach Art. 45a Absatz 2 Grundgesetz "Kampfflugzeug MRCA/Tornado" (1981-82)
Gumbertusbrunnen, nachmittelalterlich, inmitten des Ortes mit alter QuadersteinfassungBaubeschreibungen: → Liste der Baudenkmäler in Dietenhofen#Götteldorf
Der Ort ist an die Sammelkläranlage in Horb angeschlossen. Seit 1907 besitzt die Gemeinde Wasseranschluss, an das Stromnetz wurde sie 1910 angeschlossen.
Belcher war Mitglied der Whig Party und wurde 1846 als deren Kandidat im dritten Wahlbezirk von Maine in das US-Repräsentantenhaus in Washington, D.C. gewählt, wo er am 4. März 1847 die Nachfolge von Luther Severance antrat. Da er im Jahr 1848 auf eine weitere Kandidatur verzichtete, konnte Belcher bis zum 3. März 1849 nur eine Legislaturperiode im Kongress absolvieren. Dort war er Vorsitzender des Committee on Mileage. In dieser Zeit ging der Mexikanisch-Amerikanische Krieg zu Ende. Damals fielen große Gebiete im Westen und Südwesten des nordamerikanischen Kontinents an die Vereinigten Staaten, darunter unter anderem die künftigen Bundesstaaten Kalifornien, Arizona, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Utah und Colorado.
Nach dem Scheitern Napoleons, dem Wiener Kongress und dem Staatsvertrag zu Frankfurt am Main kamen die Gebiete um Mainz, Bingen, Alzey und Worms nach Ablösung des Generalgouvernements Mittelrhein zum Großherzogtum Hessen. Seit dieser Zeit wird dieses Gebiet als Rheinhessen bezeichnet. Mainz wurde Bundesfestung. Zahlreiche Obstgebiete, Weinberge und Wälder wurden zu Militärgelände konvertiert. Die Landgemeinde profitierte in der Mitte des 19. Jahrhunderts von der Nähe zur Festung Mainz, da laut den Rayonbestimmungen, innerhalb der zweiten Rayonlinie keine Industrieansiedlungen erlaubt wurden. Deshalb griffen die Mainzer Kaufleute für Ihre Fertigungsanlagen auf Standorte wie Mombach oder die rechtsrheinischen Gebiete zurück. 1845 wurde die Chaissen- und Eisenbahnwagen-Fabrik der Gebrüder Gastell aus Mainz zwangsverlegt. Derartig große feuerverarbeitende Fabriken durften aus Sicherheitsgründen nicht mehr innerhalb der Festungsmauern produzieren. Man entschied sich für die Anlage des Herrn Grafen von Walderdorf am Rande von Mombach. Die Mombacher erhielten mit der Fertigstellung der Bahnlinie Mainz-Bingen 1859 ihren ersten Personen- und Güterbahnhof, welcher sowohl die landwirtschaftliche als auch die industrielle Produktion förderte. Einen wesentlichen Beitrag hierzu leistete die Gründung der chemischen Fabrik 1856, heute Ineos Paraform. Schon im Jahr 1825 wurde bei Mombach, auf dem heutigen „Kleinen Sand“ der erste Mainzer „Turnplatz“ eingerichtet. 1869 wurde bereits die erste Turnhalle, sowie das Schulhaus an der Hauptstraße erbaut. Die zunehmende Industrialisierung in der Gründerzeit nach dem Deutsch-Französischen Krieg 1871/71, sorgte später für die Zuwanderung hauptsächlich von Arbeiterfamilien. Eine weitere Bahnlinie, die Hessische Ludwigsbahn, wurde 1871 entlang des Gastellschen Firmengeländes Richtung Gonsenheim geführt und ein weiterer Bahnhof entstand. 1885 bestand die Bevölkerung aus 2822 Personen, darunter 485 evangelische Christen, die im gleichen Jahr die Gründung einer evangelischen Gemeinde vorantrieben.
am 7. November 1901 vom an der Schwäbischen Albbahn gelegenen Kleinengstingen nach Gammertingen.Nach einer mehrjährigen Pause, in der die Gesellschaft am 18. Juni 1907 den Namen „Hohenzollerische Landesbahn AG“ bekam, wurden die vier Stichstrecken zu einem zusammenhängen Netz erweitert:
19. August: Samuel Richardson britischer Schriftsteller († 1761) 01. September: Kilian Ignaz Dientzenhofer, böhmischer Baumeister des Spätbarock († 1751)
Jährlich im November wird der historische Nikelsmarkt (seit weit über 600 Jahren) abgehalten, der alljährlich viele Tausend Besucher anzieht.
Das zentrale Gebäude besitzt einen kreisförmigen Grundriss mit einem Durchmesser von 94 m und einer Höhe von 22 m. Der Sportkomplex wurde durch eine Gruppe von Architekten um G.P. Morosow und A.P. Morosow entworfen und 1967 errichtet. Gestiftet wurde der Bau von den Gewerkschaften der Sowjetunion als Geschenk zu den Feierlichkeiten zum 50. Jahrestag der Oktoberrevolution. 1971 erhielten die Architekten den Staatspreis der UdSSR für ihren Entwurf und die Umsetzung.
NGC 6502 ist eine 12,6 mag helle Linsenförmige Galaxie vom Hubble-Typ „E-S0“ (Übergang von elliptisch zu spiralförmig) im Sternbild Pfau und nach verschiedenen Messungen zwischen 69,3 und 77,2 Millionen Parsec von der Erde entfernt. Sie wurde am 20. Juni 1835 von John Herschel mit einem 18-Zoll-Spiegelteleskop entdeckt, der bei zwei Beobachtungen „vF, 30 arcseconds, involves 2 or 3 stars“ und „the following star (14m) of a vF double star 11m is nebulous. The nebula is excessively faint, but I am sure of its existence. The preceding star is free“ notierte.
Nachbarstädte sind im Süden Apuí, im Westen: Borba, Nova Olinda do Norte, Itacoatiara, im Norden: Urucurituba, Boa Vista do Ramos, Barreirinha und im Osten: Jacareacanga, Itaituba, Aveiro, Juruti.
Allendorf (Lumda) besteht aus den vier Gemarkungen Allendorf/Lumda, Climbach, Nordeck und Winnen. In jeder Gemarkung liegt ein Stadtteil, wobei Nordeck und Winnen miteinander verwachsen sind. Stadtteile ohne eigene Gemarkung finden sich nicht.
Vorplanungen für einen Taktfahrplan vom Taktknotenbahnhof Hechingen nach Gammertingen wurden in Auftrag gegeben. 2018 erfolgt die Prüfung des Betriebskonzepts der Zollernalbbahn, danach die Entwurfs- und Genehmigungsplanung. Die Elektrifizierung und der 30 Minutentakt der Zollernalbbahn wird dann im Modul 1 der Regionalstadtbahn Neckar-Alb realisiert.
Je nach Dauer der Reifezeit unterscheidet man im Handel zwischen jungem (vier bis acht Wochen), mittelaltem (zwei bis sechs Monate) und altem Gouda (gewöhnlich sechs bis acht Monate, manchmal auch länger, etwa beim über zweijährigen Landana 1000 Dagen). Länger als ein Jahr gereiften Gouda findet man unter den Bezeichnungen überjährig oder Gouda uralt ebenfalls im Handel. Solcher Käse hat dann eine zunehmend kristalline Struktur ähnlich dem Parmigiano Reggiano oder Sbrinz und schmeckt ausgesprochen würzig. Der Old Amsterdam wird von der Firma Westland Kaasspecialiteiten hergestellt. Als Baby-Gouda bezeichnet man 3 Wochen alten Käse. Dieser wird auch als Schneller Käse bezeichnet. In Holland als Lunchkäse bezeichnet, trägt er in Deutschland auch die Namen Geheimratskäse, Deichgrafenkäse oder Deichhauptmannskäse.
José Sentis begann seine Karriere als Pianist in den Salons von Paris. Unter dem Einfluss argentinischer Freunde wie des Musikers Buchardo Alberto Lopez und des Schriftstellers Ricardo Güiraldes spielte er vor allem Tangostücke. Buchardo Alberto Lopez komponierte unter anderem den Tango Germain. Beide gehörten zu den Musikern, die den Tango in jener Zeit in Paris populär machten. Zu den von José Sentis komponierten Stücken gehören Baby, Mr. Marquis, Spring, From 5 to 7, Volver und Bad Love. José Sentis spielte auch auf großen Tourneen (Venezuela, Kuba, Nordamerika) und war in den 1920er und 1930er Jahren Direktor eines Orchesters. Außerdem schrieb er Musik für Film und Fernsehen, wie zum Beispiel für den Tangofilm Melodía de arrabal.
Für die nächste Runde erhält jeder Spieler drei neue Regelkarten vom Stapel und wählt wiederum eine von ihnen aus. Die Stichkarten werden wieder gemischt und neu verteilt. Es werden insgesamt so viele Runden gespielt, wie Spieler teilnehmen. Wer bei Spielende die meisten Punkte hat, gewinnt das Spiel.
Am 12. Juni 1958 begann die Serienfertigung der neuen viersitzigen Limousine mit zwei Türen. Panorama-Windschutzscheibe, kleine Heckflossen und die Zweifarbenlackierung entsprachen der damaligen Mode, die aus den USA nach Europa kam. Die schlüssellochförmigen Heckleuchten erinnerten an den Opel Kapitän dieser Zeit. Bemerkenswert für die Zeit war die selbsttragende Ganzstahlkarosserie mit (ab 1959) durch kastenförmige Längsträger versteifter Bodenpartie. Die Vorderräder waren einzeln an unteren Quer- und oberen Längslenkern mit Schraubenfedern aufgehängt; hinten hatte der Wagen − wie in jener Zeit noch weit verbreitet − eine Starrachse mit Blattfedern.
Das Hochdeutsche gehört innerhalb der Gruppe der germanischen Sprachen zu den kontinental-westgermanischen Sprachen, zusammen mit Niederländisch, Niederdeutsch sowie den Friesischen Sprachen. Es weist mit diesen grundlegende Gemeinsamkeiten auf, vor allem sehr komplexe Regeln der Wortstellung, die auch zwischen Nebensatz und Hauptsatz unterscheiden. Das Deutsche (wie auch seine eben genannten Verwandten) lässt sich keinem der üblichen Wortstellungstypen zuordnen, die in der Sprachtypologie beschrieben werden, sondern stellt den seltenen Fall einer Verbzweitsprache dar.
Robert Fazy: Joseph Hackin. In: Mitteilungen der Schweizerischen Gesellschaft der Freunde ostasiatischer Kunst 8, 1946, S. 101–102 (Digital).
Die weithin sichtbare Pfarrkirche mit ihrem zum Teil aus romanischer Zeit stammenden Kirchturm ist ein Wahrzeichen der Gemeinde und der sie umgebenden Gäu-Hochfläche. Schon im Jahre 772 wird in Urkunden des Klosters Lorsch eine Basilika in Bildechingen erwähnt. Aus dieser Zeit dürften auch die noch romanischen Teile des Gotteshauses stammen. Nach einer Urkunde, die bei Renovierungsarbeiten im Jahre 1942 im Reliquiengrab gefunden wurde, soll der Hochaltar am 9. Oktober 1403 geweiht worden sein.
26. Januar: Die Tragödie Esther von Jean Racine, mit Musik von Jean-Baptiste Moreau hat ihre Uraufführung im Mädchenpensionat von Saint-Cyr.
Watson begann seine politische Tätigkeit in der International Federation of Liberal Youth deren Vizepräsident er 1977 wurde. 1979 wurde er Generalsekretär dieser Organisation. Watson war Gründungsmitglied des European Youth Forum. Zwischen 1983 und 1993 war er Vorstandsmitglied der Europäischen Liberalen, Demokratischen und Reformpartei. Zwischen 1983 und 1987 leitete Watson das private Büro des Vorsitzenden der britischen Liberal Party, David Steel. Danach arbeitete er bis 1994 für die HSBC-Bank in London und Hongkong.
NGC 5282 ist eine 13,8 mag helle Elliptische Galaxie mit ausgeprägten Emissionslinien vom Hubble-Typ „E?“ im Sternbild Jagdhunde und etwa 133,6 Millionen Parsec von der Erde entfernt. Sie wurde am 22. Mai 1881 von Édouard Stephan entdeckt.
Barnas Sears erhielt seine theologische Ausbildung an der Brown University (Providence/Rhode Island) und am Newton Theological Institute. Nach einer Zeit als Gemeindepastor habilitierte er sich in Hamilton als Professor für Linguistik. Gastprofessuren führten ihn 1834 nach Frankreich und Deutschland. Hier lehrte an der Universität Halle.
Der Kreiseleffekt: Da der Diskus beim Wurf eine Rotation um die Symmetrieachse erfährt, verhält er sich wie ein Kreisel. Das bedeutet, dass die geworfene Scheibe sehr stabil in der Luft liegt; die Drehachse ist bestrebt, ihre Ausrichtung beizubehalten.
Bildechingen ist einer von 17 Stadtteilen der Stadt Horb am Neckar. Er liegt im Südosten des Landkreises Freudenstadt im Bundesland Baden-Württemberg.
Der Schenkenturm, auch als Hexenturm oder Wartturm überliefert, entstand im 15. Jahrhundert zeitgleich mit der Stadtmauer. Dietrich Schenk von Erbach, dessen Familienwappen in der Mauer zu finden ist, ließ sie im Zuge der Stadterweiterung errichten. Historisch gesehen ist der Turm wohl namenlos gewesen, da es in Aschaffenburg mehr als 15 Stadttürme gab, von denen die meisten keinen Namen trugen. Die Stadtverwaltung hat in der Beschlussvorlage für den Planungs- und Verkehrssenat den Namen „Schenkenturm“ gewählt, angelehnt an den Bauherrn und dessen Wappen. Im Volksmund war der Turm noch unter den Namen „Gespensterturm“ oder „Brauereiturm“ bekannt. Der Schenkenturm hat eine quadratische Grundfläche und ist drei Geschosse hoch. Die mit größeren Fenstern versehenen Obergeschosse dienten als Wohnung für den Türmer.
An der Ostseite ist Tannhäuser aus der gleichnamigen Oper im Pilgergewand niedergesunken und an der gegenüberliegenden Westseite klagt Brünnhilde um den tot vor ihr liegenden Siegfried, beides Figuren aus Wagners Operntetralogie Der Ring des Nibelungen. Ebenfalls zu diesem Opernzyklus gehören an der Rückseite des Denkmals Alberich, der mit seinen Armen den Nibelungenhort umspannt, und eine der Rheintöchter, die neckisch in den Bart von Alberich greift. Für das Denkmal wie für den Unterbau verwendete Gustav Eberlein pentelischen Marmor.
In der 3. Wahlperiode gab es weder Untersuchungsausschüsse noch hat sich der Verteidigungsausschuss als Untersuchungsausschuss konstituiert.
Nacht der Zaubertiere (orig. Oddkins: A Fable for All Ages) ist ein 1988 erschienener Fantasyroman von dem US-amerikanischen Schriftsteller Dean Koontz. Die deutsche Ausgabe erschien 1989.
Konventionelle Transliterationen reflektieren meist die Herkunft bzw. die Geschichte einer Person oder eines Ortes. Viele bekannte Schreibweisen und Transkriptionen basieren auf lateinischen Alphabeten anderer Sprachen, wie zum Beispiel unter anderem der deutschen oder dem polnischen Wiedergabe. Bei anderen Varianten wurden die entsprechenden Namen, die in andere Sprachen transkribiert, wie zum Beispiel: vom ukrainischen Pavlo ("Paul") wurden durch den russischen Pedanten Pavel, Ukrainisch: Kyiv vom russischen entspricht dem Kiev bzw. Kiew.
Mit verschiedenfarbigen Sternen gekennzeichnete Holzpfosten führen durch die Naturschutzgebiete NSG1 (Großer Sand) und NSG2 (Oberfeld), sowie weiter in den Lennebergwald und um den Mombacher Waldfriedhof, der mit 27 ha Fläche der größte Friedhof in Mainz ist. An den zahlreichen Eingängen zu den Naturschutzgebieten stehen großformatige Tafeln, welche die Fauna, Flora und Entstehungsgeschichte des Gebiets erklären. Der Weg durch die Ludwigsschneise führt zum Schloss Waldhausen im Budenheimer Wald. Von dort führen weitere Wanderwege zur Rheingoldruhe.
Eine weitere berühmte Sammlung gehörte Arthur Hind, der ebenfalls dank seines großen Vermögens in den Besitz zahlreicher Raritäten kam. So kaufte er beispielsweise auf einer Ferrary-Auktion die legendäre British Guiana 1¢ magenta. Weitere berühmte Sammlungen wurden von Colonel Greens, Alfred Caspary sowie dem Schweizer Tabakmillionär Burrus aufgebaut.
Ursprünglich wurde die Serie 2005 für das amerikanische Fernsehen von Fox unter dem Titel Worst Week of My Life adaptiert. Eine Serienbestellung scheiterte, nachdem die Pilotfolge gedreht worden war.Am 20. Mai 2009 gab CBS die Absetzung der Serie bekannt.
Als Stellvertreter ist er im Ausschuss für bürgerliche Freiheiten, Justiz und Inneres und in der Delegation für die Beziehungen zu den Ländern Südostasiens und der Vereinigung südostasiatischer Staaten (ASEAN).
Beschreibender Teil: (Karl von Scherzer, anonym) Reise der Oesterreichischen Fregatte Novara um die Erde, in den Jahren 1857–1859 unter den Befehlen des Commodore B. von Wüllerstorf-Urbair. 3 Bände. Wien, 1861, 1862, (Band 1, 4. Aufl., Band 2, 4. Aufl..)
Der Verlag, den Peter Lohmann 1985 mitbegründete, führte den Namen nach dem historischen Galgen, der seit 1554 in St. Georg stand. Lohmann leitete den Verlag bis zum Konkurs im Jahr 1993. Bei Galgenberg erschienen bedeutende Erstveröffentlichungen, die danach von größeren Verlagen übernommen wurden. Der Verlag am Galgenberg wurde vor allem durch seine Belletristik-Titel bekannt:
Mit Beginn der 1960er Jahre begann der korpulente Arndt auch regelmäßig in Fernsehspielen mitzuwirken. Auftritte in Kinofilmen blieben hingegen die Ausnahme. Seine erste wichtige TV-Rolle wurde 1966 die des Mafia-Paten Don Calogero Vizzini in dem Fernsehzweiteiler Mafia – Die ehrenwerte Gesellschaft. Schlagartig bekannt machte ihn 1970 die Rolle des beleibten Musketiers Porthos in der international produzierten Verfilmung des Dumas-Klassikers Die drei Musketiere unter dem Titel D’Artagnan. Im Jahr darauf wirkte er auch in dem dreiteiligen Durbridge-Krimi Das Messer mit. Wenig später, nach gerade zehn Jahren, beendete Arndt seine Fernsehpräsenz weitgehend.
Die Fregatte verließ Triest am 30. April 1857. Wegen Windstille wurde sie zunächst von einem Dampfschiff zur Straße von Messina geschleppt. Von dort segelte sie über Gibraltar, Madeira, Rio de Janeiro und das Kap der Guten Hoffnung in den Indischen Ozean. Zwischen 19. November und Dezember 1857 besuchte die Expedition die Inseln St. Paul und Amsterdam. Es ging dann weiter über Ceylon und Madras nach Singapur. Nächste Stationen der Reise waren Java, Manila, Hongkong, Shanghai und die Salomon-Inseln. Am 5. November 1858 war Ankunft in Sydney, von wo aus Auckland und Tahiti angelaufen wurden. Die Rückreise führte über Valparaíso und um das Kap Hoorn noch zu den Azoren. Am 26. August 1859, nachdem an 551 Tagen unter Segel 51.686 Seemeilen zurückgelegt worden waren, lief die Novara nach der Weltumrundung wieder in Triest ein.Erstmalige Untersuchungen, insbesondere auf der Sankt-Paul-Insel (Französische Süd- und Antarktisgebiete), den Nikobaren und auf Neuseeland schufen die Grundlagen für künftige geologische Forschungen. Erste geologische Kartierungen und Lagerstättenuntersuchungen durch Hochstetter, der bis zum Oktober 1859 in Neuseeland blieb, gaben den Startpunkt für die intensive geowissenschaftliche Erforschung dieses Landes. Hochstetter trennte sich dadurch von der Expedition, was zwischen dem Gouverneur George Edward Grey und dem Expeditionsleiter vereinbart wurde, und reiste später nach einer Erkundung australischer Goldfelder im Januar 1860 allein nach Europa zurück.Die meereskundlichen Forschungen, insbesondere im südlichen Pazifik, revolutionierten die Ozeanographie und Hydrographie. Die mitgebrachten Sammlungen an botanischem, zoologischem (26.000 Präparate) und völkerkundlichem Material bereicherten die österreichischen Museen (insbes. das Naturhistorische Museum Wien). Die während des ganzen Expeditionsverlaufes gemachten Beobachtungen des Erdmagnetismus vermehrten die wissenschaftlichen Kenntnisse auf diesem Gebiet entscheidend. Schließlich ermöglichten mitgenommene Blätter des Cocastrauchs 1860, Kokain erstmals rein darzustellen.
Die Sammlung des britischen Königshauses gilt als die größte Briefmarkensammlung weltweit. Die Sammlung besteht aus mehr als 400 Briefmarkenalben, die die größten Raritäten der Philatelie in sich vereinigen. Ihr Wert kann kaum geschätzt werden, da zahlreiche Unikate im Besitz des britischen Königshauses sind. Die Briefmarkensammlung wurde vor allem in der Zeit von König George V. zusammengetragen.
Seit September 2003 betreibt sie in der Region Schwarzwald-Baar-Heuberg den 3er-Ringzug, ein S-Bahn-ähnliches Nahverkehrssystem mit den Eckpunkten Blumberg, Tuttlingen, Rottweil, Villingen-Schwenningen und Donaueschingen, wofür der „Verkehrsbetrieb Ringzug“ mit eigener örtlicher Betriebsleitung und Betriebswerk geschaffen wurde. Die jüngste Erweiterung erfolgte am Bodensee: Im Dezember 2006 löste sie die SBB GmbH im Zuge einer Neuausschreibung auf der 17 Kilometer langen „Seehäsle“-Strecke Stockach–Radolfzell als Nahverkehrsbetreiber ab.
Die Steinach zieht nun am bewaldeten Nordhang des Galgenberges entlang und erreicht dann den Ostrand von Schonungen. Bei der Sattlerstraße fließt ihr auf der rechten Seite der aus dem Norden kommende Hausener Mühlbach zu.
Zu Beginn des 20. Jahrhunderts erhielt Mombach Gas- und Wasserleitungen und eine Kanalisation – die Gas- und Wasserwerke entstanden. Der bedeutendste Scheibengasbehälter seiner Zeit stand in Mombach. Außerdem verband die elektrische Straßenbahn Mombach mit Mainz.
Wie aus Urkunden hervorgeht, gehörte der Ort ursprünglich einem gleichnamigen Geschlecht, von dem 1274 ein Walter und 1294 ein Hartmann genannt werden. Im Jahre 1287 verkaufte Pfalzgraf Ludwig von Tübingen einen Hof, Kapelle und Zehntscheuer an das Kloster Kniebis. Auch das Kloster Allerheiligen hatte im Jahre 1265 hier Besitzungen.
Bei Bussen war der Bau von Fahrzeugen mit Unterflurmotoren wesentlich verbreiteter als bei Lkw, viele Hersteller fertigten derartige Fahrzeuge. Der Bau von Gelenkbussen war einfacher zu realisieren, da ohne größere Probleme die mittlere Achse angetrieben werden konnte.
Brigitte Schwenzer: Geographische Landesaufnahme: Die naturräumlichen Einheiten auf Blatt 140 Schweinfurt. Bundesanstalt für Landeskunde, Bad Godesberg 1968. → Online-Karte (PDF; 4,3 MB)
Narasimhan wuchs auf dem Land auf und studierte am Loyola College in Madras, wo er vom Jesuitenpater Racine, einem Schüler von Jacques Hadamard und Élie Cartan, unterrichtet wurde, und am Tata Institute of Fundamental Research in Mumbai (Bombay). 1959 wurde er an der Universität Bombay bei K. Chandrasekharan promoviert. Danach war er ab Mitte der 1960er Jahre Professor am Tata Institut. 1968/69 war er am Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton. 1992 bis 1999 war er Leiter der mathematischen Abteilung am „Abdus Salam International Centre for Theoretical Physics“ in Triest. Er war auch Präsident der Commission for Development and Exchange der International Mathematical Union und erster Vorsitzender des indischen National Board for Higher Mathematics. Er war Gastprofessor unter anderem in Kaiserslautern und Japan.
Cobalt(II)-carbonat ist als krebserzeugend eingestuft. Als Hauptaufnahmeweg in den Körper gilt der Atemtrakt, es kann jedoch auch über die Haut und den Verdauungstrakt aufgenommen werden.
Als untergeordnete Ebene existieren zwei Ortsbeiräte: Einer für Climbach und einer gemeinsam für Nordeck und Winnen. Die Ortsvorsteher in Climbach und Nordeck-Winnen werden von der SPD gestellt.
The Nines − Dein Leben ist nur ein Spiel (im Original The Nines) ist ein US-amerikanischer Spielfilm aus dem Jahr 2007 von John August mit Ryan Reynolds, Melissa McCarthy und Hope Davis.
Das Ministerium für Verkehr Baden-Württemberg beabsichtigt, den Betrieb auf dem Ausschreibungsnetz 12 „RB Ulmer Stern“ ab Juni 2019 an die HzL zu vergeben. Dieses umfasst den Regionalexpress (RE) Ulm–Aalen, die Regionalbahn (RB) Ulm–Langenau und die RB Ulm–Munderkingen.Die HzL fährt ferner SPNV-Auftragsverkehre für die Deutsche Bahn (DB Regio) auf den Strecken Rottweil–Horb und Tübingen–Herrenberg (Ammertalbahn). Die Triebwagen und Lokomotiven der HzL sind regelmäßig auch mit Sonderzügen und Arbeitszügen in ganz Baden-Württemberg und in der Schweiz unterwegs.
Die Ergebnisse der Reichsratswahlen in den im Reichsrate vertretenen Königreichen und Ländern im Jahre 1907. In: Österreichische Statistik. LXXXIV. Band, 2. Heft, Wien 1908 (Herausgegeben von der k .k. Statistischen Zentralkommission), S. I. 82
In Bildechingen finden sich zahlreiche Vereine, darunter der Allgemeine Sportverein Bildechingen, die Narrenzunft, den Musikverein, den Obst- und Gartenbauverein oder die Katholische Junge Gemeinde (KJG) Bildechingen.
Theorie und Praxis der Sozialpädagogik (TPS) ist eine der ältesten deutschen Fachzeitschriften auf dem Gebiet der Sozialpädagogik-arbeit und Jugendhilfe.
Kaum im Pazifik angelangt, wurde das Geschwader durch einen Orkan endgültig getrennt. Die Karavelle San Lesmes unter dem Kommando von Hoces verschwand für immer, ihr weiteres Schicksal ist Grundlage zahlreicher Spekulationen möglicher spanischer Entdeckungen im Südpazifik Jahrhunderte vor den europäischen Entdeckungsfahrten in dieses Gebiet auf der Suche nach Terra Australis Incognita.
Das Einzugsgebiet der Steinach umfasst 52,4 km². Es ist in etwa trapezförmig mit einer Breite von etwa vier Kilometer im Norden und acht Kilometer im Süden und einer Höhe von etwa acht Kilometer.
Der Bereich unterhalb der Eisenbahnstrecke bzw. des ehemaligen Floßgrabens bis zum Pöhlbach trägt die Flurbezeichnung „Im Grund“ bzw. „Kühberger Grund“. Der untere Abschnitt des Pöhlbachtals wurde bis in das 19. Jahrhundert als „Ziegenthal“ bezeichnet.
V.1. Theodor Freiherr von Guilleaume (1861–1933; Generaldirektor des Carlswerks, 1900 Aufsichtsratsvorsitzender des Carlswerks, Geheimer Kommerzienrat) ∞ Hortense von Mallinckrodt (1867–1950)
Im Folgenden werden sämtliche Untersuchungsausschüsse des Deutschen Bundestags seit 1949 aufgelistet. Dabei wird eine Unterteilung nach den einzelnen Wahlperioden vorgenommen um eine gute Lesbarkeit zu gewährleisten. Weiter wird der Ausschuss namentlich benannt, sein Untersuchungsauftrag erwähnt und der Zeitraum in der seine Beratungen stattfanden aufgelistet.
Fr. Silber: Die Münzen, Maße und Gewichte aller Länder der Erde einzeln berechnet nach ihren Werthen und Verhältnissen zu allen deutschen Münzen, Maßen und Gewichten. Nebst Angabe der Handelsplätze und deren Rechnungsverhältnisse. Moritz Ruhl, Leipzig 1861.
Aufgrund des hohen Flüchtlingsstroms nach Ende des Zweiten Weltkrieges errichtete man, nachdem eine Zeit lang die evangelische Kirche als Simultankirche benutzt worden war (Zeugnis hiervon geben die noch erhaltenen Tabernakelflügel), eine eigene katholische Kirche in der Adalbert-Stifter-Straße. Sie war der erste Kirchenneubau im Altkreis Wetzlar seit dem Krieg. Der Kirchenraum befindet sich im 1. Stock über einer darunterliegenden Wohnung und wird durch große Gaubenfenster erhellt.
Trotz der Vorteile konnten sich Lkw mit Unterflurmotor nicht dauerhaft durchsetzen. Nach der Übernahme von Büssing durch MAN wurden noch einige Jahre weiterhin Fahrzeuge dieser Bauart von MAN gefertigt, dann wurde die Produktion jedoch eingestellt.
Die Serie hat bei Metacritic ein Metascore von 62/100 basierend auf 22 Rezensionen. Bei TV.com hat die Serie ein Rating von 7,6/10 basierend auf 612 abgegebenen Stimmen und bei IMDb.com hat die Serie ein Rating von 7,5/10 basierend auf 547 abgegebenen Stimmen.Tim Goodman von San Francisco Chronicle sagte, „Obwohl es viele, hart erkämpfte (manche würden sagen, erzwungene) Lacher gibt, muss man sich fragen, wie sie das Tempo halten wollen. Immerhin lief die britische Serie nur zwei Jahre mit jeweils sieben Episoden pro Staffel… Wie will CBS also die Serie auf über 22 Episoden dehnen, ohne sie auszudünnen?… In vielerlei Hinsicht scheint es gescheitert zu sein von Worst Week eine Amerikanische Version zu produzieren.“
Uta Maria Feser (* 11. Juli 1959 in Nürnberg) ist eine deutsche Wirtschaftswissenschaftlerin und Hochschullehrerin. Seit 2000 ist sie Professorin für Gesundheitsmanagement an der Hochschule Neu-Ulm und seit 2006 deren Präsidentin.
Heute besteht ein Wettkampf aus sechs Versuchen. Nur die beste gültige Weite eines Athleten zählt. Nach drei Runden qualifizieren sich die besten acht Athleten für die drei Finalrunden.
Pestalozzischule (1912), Putzbau mit ausgebautem Mansard- bzw. Mansardwalmdach, Entwurf Mainzer Hochbauamt, Bildhauerarbeiten ausgeführt von Ludwig Lipp senior
Von den Kirchenbüchern der Pfarrkirche Angerburg vor 1945 haben sich erhalten und werden bei der Deutschen Zentralstelle für Genealogie (DZfG) in Leipzig aufbewahrt:
Sibusiso Wiseman Zuma (* 23. Juni 1975 in Durban) ist ein ehemaliger südafrikanischer Fußballspieler. Er spielt auf der Position des rechten Außenstürmers oder auch im Sturmzentrum. Zuletzt war er in seinem Heimatland bei SuperSport United engagiert.
Am 3. August 1479 brennt die Stadt einschließlich des Rathauses bis auf wenige Gebäude ab. Die Pest wütet von 1479 bis 1483, 1575, 1628 und 1635 in der Stadt und zieht Hungersnöte nach sich. Es folgen noch schwere Schicksalsschläge für die Stadt: Ausplünderungen 1636, 1646, Einquartierungen 1639, 1757, 1790 bis 1815, Unwetter 1680, 1829, 1839, Großbrände 1694, 1706, 1728.
Champion Township hat eine Gesamtfläche von 323,7 km², davon sind 313,2 km² Landfläche und 10,5 km² (3,23 %) Wasserfläche. Die Gemeinde liegt in einem kleinen Tal in der Nähe des östlichen Endes des Lake Michigamme im nördlich-zentralen Teil der Upper Peninsula of Michigan. Etwa 30 Meilen westlich von Marquette am U.S. Highway 41 und der Michigan State Route 28 gelegen, war das kleine, ruhige Dorf in den späten 1800er und Anfang der 1900er Jahre eine geschäftige Eisenbergwerkssiedlung von 2500 Einwohnern.
Der zweigleisige Bahnhof Allendorf (Lumda), welcher ehemals drei Bahnsteiggleise besaß, wurde mit der Eröffnung des Streckenabschnitts Londorf–Lollar am 1. Juni 1902 eröffnet. In den 1970er Jahren wurde Gleis 3, welches für Zugkreuzungen zur Verfügung stand, abgetragen. Für den Güterverkehr wurde in den 1980er Jahren ein Nebengleis modernisiert. Das Empfangsgebäude ist noch im Ursprungszustand erhalten und befindet sich heute in Privatbesitz.
Am 13. Januar 1995 rückte Hovermann für den ausgeschiedenen SPD-Abgeordneten Hans Gottfried Bernrath in den Bundestag nach und schied vor der Wahl 2009 aus dem Bundestag aus. Hier war er von Oktober 1998 bis Oktober 2002 stellvertretender Sprecher der Arbeitsgruppe Gesundheit und daneben von Januar 1999 bis Oktober 2002 Kur- und Reha-Beauftragter der SPD-Bundestagsfraktion.
Im August 1960 erschienen von allen vier Varianten überarbeitete Modelle. Die Wagen waren in der Länge um 25 mm gewachsen (durch Aufsätze aus Blech für die neuen Rückleuchten) und hatten auf Wunsch vorne und hinten verchromte Stoßfängerbügel − entsprechend den neuen Vorschriften für die USA. Anstatt der Rücklichter in Schlüssellochform gab es nun längliche Exemplare von etwa der doppelten Größe. Angepasst an die neuen Rückleuchten hatte der Isar hinten nun geschwungene Stoßstangenecken, der große Kofferdeckelgriff verschwand und die Kennzeichenbeleuchtung wanderte in das Mittelteil der hinteren Stoßstange. Das Dach wurde im hinteren Bereich leicht angehoben, so dass Platz für eine viel größere Heckscheibe geschaffen wurde. Bei den zuletzt gebauten Modellen war das Armaturenbrett mit schwarzem Kunstleder bezogen, außerdem wurden das Lenkrad und die vorderen Sitze vom größeren Modell 04 verbaut.
Der Diskus liegt auf den letzten Fingergliedern, der Schwerpunkt befindet sich zwischen Zeige- und Mittelfinger. Durch eine leichte Beugung im Handgelenk berührt der obere Diskusrand den Unterarm. Dies verhindert das Herausfallen bei den Bewegungen und sorgt für die notwendige Lockerheit der Muskeln.
Durch die Drehung wird der Diskus auf einem möglichst langen Weg fortlaufend beschleunigt, dabei wird das Gerät durch die Beine überholt, wodurch sich eine Vergrößerung der Verwringung zwischen Schulter- und Beckenachse ergibt.
Probleme haben Motivsammler seit vielen Jahren, weil insbesondere Entwicklungsländer Briefmarken speziell zu beliebten Motivthemen auflegen, um entsprechende Verkaufseinnahmen zu erzielen. In der Regel sind diese Marken frankaturgültig und damit reguläre Briefmarken.
Noch während des Dreißigjährigen Krieges, mit wechselhaften Besatzern von Mainz und Umgebung (u. a. auch Schweden Übergabe von Mainz am 23. Dezember 1631 und Kaiserliche), drangen die Franzosen unter dem Kommando des Vicomte de Turenne 1635 bis Mainz vor, wo er Bernhard von Sachsen-Weimar entsetzte. Aufgrund von Geld- und Proviantmangel konnte die Stadt nicht gehalten werden und fiel am 17. Dezember 1635 an die Kaiserlichen. Am 17. September 1644 wurde Mainz nach französischer Belagerung erneut französisch. Als die Garnison durch die Türkenkriege geschwächt war, kamen die Franzosen wieder und verwüsteten und okkupierten 1688 ohne Kriegserklärung die linksrheinischen Gebiete bis zur natürlichen Rheingrenze inklusive Mainz. Die besetzte Stadt wurde 1689 im Pfälzischen Erbfolgekrieg von Reichstruppen belagert und zurückerobert.
* : Von der Frauensport-Organisation FSFI anerkannte Weltrekorde, bevor die Internationale Leichtathletik-Föderation IAAF Diskus-Weltrekorde für Frauen führte.
Wertungsregeln bestimmen, für welche Karten es zusätzliche Punkte oder umgekehrt Punktabzüge gibt.Es folgt das eigentliche Stichspiel. Sofern keine Grundregelkarten ausliegen, wird nach klassischen Regeln gespielt: Der Spieler zur Linken des Gebers spielt die erste Karte aus, anschließend legen die Mitspieler reihum ebenfalls eine Karte in den Stich. Die zuerst gespielte Farbe muss, wenn möglich, bedient werden (Farbzwang). Kann ein Spieler die angespielte Farbe nicht bedienen, darf er eine beliebige Karte abwerfen oder mit einer Trumpfkarte stechen. Bei einem Stich mit Trumpfkarten gewinnt der höchste Trumpf den Stich, bei einem Stich ohne Trumpfkarten die höchste Karte in der angespielten Farbe. Wer einen Stich bekommt, spielt den nächsten Stich an. Die Regelkarten können die Trumpfregeln sowie die Regeln für den Spielablauf allerdings erheblich verändern.
Im Kirchdorf fließen der Lerchenbach (links) und der Feldgraben (rechts) zum Kanzelbach zusammen, der ein rechter Zufluss der Bibert ist. Im Südosten erhebt sich der Ritterbuck, ca. 0,5 km östlich liegt der Dennenweiher und das Bayreuther Holz.
1792 hob General Custine die kurfürstliche Verwaltung auf. Mit der erneuten Besetzung der linksrheinischen Gebiete des Kurstaates durch die französische Revolutionsarmee wurde die stiftische Verwaltung Mombachs durch Amtleute des Domkapitels vollständig beendet. Während der Belagerung von Mainz (1793) wurde Mombach immer wieder von beiden Kriegsparteien ausgeplündert. Auch als die Franzosen Mainz zurückerobern wollten (Mainzer Linien), standen die Truppen zwischen Mombach und Budenheim. Am 12. November 1794 wurde eine Anhöhe bei Mombach von den Generalen Desaix und Michaud besetzt. Die Entsetzung von Mainz begann am 29. Oktober 1795 damit das Clerfait einen Scheinangriff auf Mombach, sowohl vom Hartenberg und Hartmühle, als auch von der Ingelheimer Aue aus veranlasste. Durch den Frieden von Campo Formio und durch dessen Bestätigung im Frieden von Lunéville wurde Mombach den Franzosen zugeschlagen und lag von da an im Kanton Oberingelheim. Ab 1801 residierte der Präfekt Jeanbon St. André in Mainz und ließ die alten Ortspforten, sowie diverse Heiligenhäuschen in Mombach niederlegen.
Während des Vorspanns sieht man, wie ein Mann sich ein grünes Armband um das Handgelenk bindet. Anschließend ist die Handlung in drei Teile aufgeteilt.
Françoise Olivier-Utard: Politique et archéologie. Histoire de la Délégation archéologique française en Afghanistan, 1922–1982. De Boccard, Paris 1997; 2. Auflage Ed. Recherche sur les Civilisations, Paris 2003.
Emmanuel Bénézit: Dictionnaire critique et documentaire des peintres, sculpteurs, dessinateurs et graveurs de tous les temps et de tous les pays. Gmünd, Paris 1976, Band V, S. 458
Der Glas Isar ist ein Kleinwagen der früheren Hans Glas GmbH in Dingolfing (seit 1966 Teil von BMW). Da bis zu seinem Erscheinen nur das Goggomobil als Pkw aus Dingolfing bekannt war, wurde er anfangs als „Großes Goggomobil“ vermarktet.
Es gab zwei Untersuchungsausschüsse; 1 Konstituierung des Verteidigungsausschuss als Untersuchungsausschuss1. Untersuchungsausschuss Fibag (1962)
Die Filmrechte wurden von K5 International unter anderem an Großbritannien (Icon Film Distribution), Japan (Asmik Ace), Australien (Madman Entertainment), den Mittleren Osten (Falcon Films) und die Vereinigten Staaten (Ketchup Entertainment) verkauft. In Deutschland sicherte sich Universum Film die DVD-Rechte. Die Rechte am Film in Amerikanisch-Samoa liegen beim nationalen Fußballverband, damit dieser den Film ohne Einschränkungen bei Fußballcamps und bei Kampagnen gegen Fettleibigkeit vorführen kann.Die Weltpremiere feierte Next Goal Wins beim Tribeca Film Festival in New York City am 19. April 2014. Im Vereinigten Königreich lief die Dokumentation am 9. Mai 2014 in den Kinos an. In Deutschland erschien der Film am 8. April 2016 ausschließlich auf DVD und bei Video-on-Demand-Anbietern. Kurz zuvor, am 4. April, lief der Film erstmal im deutschen Fernsehen bei Geo Television.
In der Folge stellte sich jedoch heraus, dass er viel zu kopflastig geraten war, weil der Motor weit vor der Vorderachse lag. Um den Antriebsblock zurückzuversetzen, hätte die Karosserie vollkommen neu konstruiert werden müssen, wofür weder Zeit noch Geld vorhanden waren. Daher entschieden sich die Konstrukteure für einen konventionellen Hinterradantrieb. Das für Frontantrieb ausgelegte Viergang-Getriebe konnte ebenfalls nicht mehr geändert werden, sodass sich ein etwas ungewöhnliches Schaltschema ergab: Der 2. und 4. Gang lagen vorne, der 1. und 3. hinten. Für die Serienfertigung wurde auch stilistisch noch einiges verändert und das Reserverad aus dem Kofferraum über den Motor verlegt.
Die Entwicklung und Spezifikation von Ontologien zur Sicherstellung semantischer Konsistenz innerhalb verbundener Organisationen mit den folgenden Schwerpunkten
Kurz darauf erschienen auch die ersten Fachzeitschriften in Deutschland und Österreich-Ungarn. Bei dem ersten Briefmarkenfachblatt Deutschlands handelt es sich um das „Magazin für Briefmarken-Sammler“, das erstmals am 1. Mai 1863 vom Münzen- und Antiquitätengeschäft Zschiesche & Köder in Leipzig herausgegeben wurde.Die Briefmarkenzeitschriften förderten vor allem den Tausch von Briefmarken zwischen den Philatelisten. Außerdem berichteten sie über die Neuausgaben der ganzen Welt und informierten die Sammler über alles Wissenswerte der Philatelie.
Die Society for the Prevention of Crime (SPC), deutsch: Gesellschaft zur Verhinderung von Straftaten, wurde 1877 in New York City gegründet. Ab 1894 von Charles Parkhurst geführt, sah die Gesellschaft ihre Aufgabe in der Unterstützung von Strafrechts- und Gesetzesreformen und der Förderung der juristischen Ausbildung. Ferner war sie in der Gefangenenbetreuung tätig. 1894 war sie maßgeblich an der Konstitution und Arbeit des nach dem New Yorker Senator Clarence Lexow benannten Lexow Committee beteiligt, das die Korruption innerhalb der New Yorker Polizei untersuchte. Die 1895 in 5 Bänden veröffentlichten Ergebnisse der Untersuchungskommission umfassen mehr als 10.000 Seiten und trugen maßgeblich zur Niederlage der Tammany Hall bei den New Yorker Wahlen von 1894 und der Wahl des Reformbürgermeisters William Lafayette Strong bei. Ferner wirkte die Gesellschaft in den 1930er-Jahren bei den Ermittlungen der sogenannten Albany Crime Commission mit. Zwischen 1946 und 1948 betrieb sie ein populäres Radioprogramm zur Kriminalitätsbekämpfung. 1948 übernahm die Gesellschaft das Vocational Foundation Bureau zur Arbeitsbeschaffung für auf Bewährung entlassene Straftäter. Seit 1956 beschränkt sich die Tätigkeit der Gesellschaft auf die finanzielle Unterstützung der Columbia Law School im Bereich der Strafrechtsforschung.
Es gab zwei Untersuchungsausschüsse; eine Konstituierung des Verteidigungsausschusses als Untersuchungsausschuss1. Untersuchungsausschuss "Plutonium-Schmuggel" (1995–1998)
Im Jahr 1606 fühlte sich der Bischof so stark, dass er eigenmächtig, ohne Zustimmung der Stände außer dem Domkapitel die Steuern erhöhte. Daraufhin kam es erneut zu Streit mit der Ritterschaft, mit Städten aber auch mehreren Domherren, die den „hergebrachten Brauch und Gewonigkeit“ in Gefahr sahen. Dennoch hat Dietrich im selben Jahr auch die Bekenntnisfreiheit beendet. Im Jahr 1608 kam es zu einem Vergleich. Danach blieb die Macht des Landesherren, weiterhin durch die Rechte der Stände, begrenzt. Mit dem Ende des Konflikts mit den Ständen begann Dietrich um 1610 verstärkt auch mit weltlichen Zwangsmaßnahmen gegen die protestantischen Laien vorzugehen.
1174 wird Bernterode erstmals als Bernesrout urkundlich erwähnt und gehört somit zu den ältesten Dörfern im Eichsfeld. Es gehörte bis zur Säkularisation 1802 zu Kurmainz. In den Jahren 1591, 1592 und 1601 werden die noch heute existierenden Gebäude Schwerdtsche Mühle, Templer-Haus und Baderscher Hof errichtet.
Die Hohenzollerische Landesbahn AG (HzL) ist neben AVG und SWEG die größte nicht-bundeseigene Eisenbahngesellschaft in Baden-Württemberg. Hier betreibt sie seit 1900 Personen- und Güterverkehr. Inzwischen hat sich das Tätigkeitsfeld der HzL auf weite Teile im Süden von Baden-Württemberg ausgedehnt.
Das Gebiet liegt weit überwiegend im Unterraum Südliches Hesselbacher Waldland des Naturraums Hesselbacher Waldland (identisch mit der Landschaft Schweinfurter Rhön), der mündungsnahe Anteil am Maintal im Unterraum Haßfurter Maintal des Steigerwaldvorlandes, die alle zu den Mainfränkischen Platten zählen.
An der streng protestantischen Fakultät wurde es dem Katholiken Waldeyer allerdings verwehrt, sich zu habilitieren. So wechselte er 1862 an die Universität Breslau in das Physiologische Institut Rudolf Heidenhains, wo ihm sogleich die Betreuung des pathologischen Arbeitsgebietes überlassen wurde. Ebenso wie in Königsberg führte er klinische Obduktionen durch und betätigte sich im Unterricht. 1864 habilitierte sich Waldeyer in Breslau für Anatomie und Physiologie. Dort widmete er sich auch der Diagnostik von Tumoren. Sein berühmtester Patient war Kaiser Friedrich III., bei dem er Kehlkopfkrebs diagnostizierte.
2011/12: 1. Rang → Aufstieg in die 1. Liga Classic1. Liga Classic, Gruppe 2 2012/13: 2. Rang → Aufstieg in die 1. Liga Promotion nach erfolgreichen Play-Offs gegen FC Zug 94 und US Terre SaintePromotion League 2013/14: 4. Rang
Im rückwärtigen Teil des Verteidigungsraumes werden außerdem den zugewiesenen Kampfunterstützungs-, Führungs- und Einsatzunterstützungskräften im Rahmen der Raumordnung eigene Einsatzräume zugewiesen.
James M. Shafter (* 27. Mai 1816 in Athens, Vermont; † 29. August 1892 in San Francisco, Kalifornien) war ein US-amerikanischer Anwalt, Richter und Politiker, der von 1842 bis 1849 Secretary of State von Vermont war.
Von den nationalsozialistischen Polizeiorganen wurde er aufgrund seiner führenden Stellung in der britischen Wirtschaft Ende der 1930er Jahre als wichtige Zielperson eingestuft. Im Frühjahr 1940 setzte das Reichssicherheitshauptamt in Berlin ihn dann auf die Sonderfahndungsliste G.B., ein Verzeichnis von Personen, die der NS-Überwachungsapparat als besonders gefährlich oder wichtig ansah, weshalb sie im Falle einer erfolgreichen Invasion und Besetzung der britischen Inseln durch die Wehrmacht von den Besatzungstruppen nachfolgenden Sonderkommandos der SS mit besonderer Priorität ausfindig gemacht und verhaftet werden sollten.Lever starb während einer Reise nach Nordamerika im St. Mary's Hospital, Minneapolis. Er wurde im Familiengrab in Port Sunlight beigesetzt.
Die Baureihe VW 1100.1 der Volkswerft wurde in den Jahren 1995/96 für verschiedene deutsche Reedereien gebaut. Der Entwurf ist eine Weiterentwicklung des Grundtyps VW 1100 und geht auf den in den 1980er Jahren beim Bremer Vulkan entworfenen und gebauten Schiffstyp BV 1000 zurück.
Die Eishalle der Sportkomplexes ist die Heimat des „Jubilejny-Sportklubs“, eines bekannten Trainingszentrums für Eiskunstlauf. Alexei Mischin, Igor Moskwin und Tamara Moskwina arbeiteten dort als Trainer folgender Sportler (Auswahl):
Im ausgehenden 16. Jahrhundert war das Stift Paderborn von Konflikten der Konfessionalisierung geprägt. Nicht nur die großen Städte des Fürstentums waren nahezu vollständig zum Luthertum übergetreten, sondern auch die bedeutendsten Adelsfamilien, so dass ganze Landstriche protestantisch geprägt waren. Mit Dietrichs Vorgänger Heinrich von Sachsen-Lauenburg war sogar ein Protestant zum Fürstbischof von Paderborn gewählt worden.
Schloss erhielt Stipendien, Preise und Einladungen vom Experimental Television Center, Creative Artists Public Service Grant, New York Foundation of the Arts, Harvestworks, Allied Productions und der Ford Foundation. Sie sitzt im Vorstand des Art & Sciences Collaborations Inc, und ihre Arbeiten sind Teil der Sammlung Fales Library, AT&T, Aldrich Museum of Contemporary Art und der Donnell Library. Eine Dokumentation über Arleens Lebenswerk "Wednesdays at A's" von Stuart Ginsberg ist in Produktion. Das New York Undergroundmuseum dokumentierte ihre Arbeiten. Schloss lebt in New York City.
Inga jimenezii ist ein kleiner Baum mit dicht rostrot flaumig behaarten, schwach korkwarzigen Zweigen. Die kahlen Blätter sind meist zweifach paarig gefiedert, die Blättchen elliptisch bis schwach eiförmig, auf der Oberseite schwach borstig, auf der Unterseite stark behaart. Das äußerste Blättchenpaar ist 19 bis 22 Zentimeter lang und 7 bis 10,5 Zentimeter breit, das innerste 4,5 bis 9 Zentimeter lang und 2,1 bis 5 Zentimeter breit.
Seit Jahrzehnten wird in Horb und der Region darüber diskutiert, ob eine Brücke über das Neckartal oder eine so genannte Gäutrasse (B 28 neu zwischen Freudenstadt und Ergenzingen) gebaut werden sollen. Dadurch soll auch Bildechingen vom Verkehr entlastet werden.
Der Verein hält den Rekord mit den meisten Siegen in einer Saison zusammen mit Mount Wellington und Christchurch United. 1996 gewann der Club 20 seiner 26 Saisonspiele.
Die vor einigen Jahren noch rein bäuerliche Gemeinde konnte eine sprunghafte Entwicklung verzeichnen und ist durch die Erschließung der Neubaugebiete „Hirsche“, „Mühlwasen“ und „Gries“ zur Arbeiterwohngemeinde herangewachsen. Die Ansiedlung von Gewerbebetrieben hat zur Arbeitsstellenbeschaffung beigetragen und die Gemeinde attraktiver gemacht.
Im Dom von Helsinki und überall in den finnischen Kirchen werden am Vormittag Gottesdienste gefeiert. In Helsinki nimmt zum Beispiel auch der Präsident an einem Gottesdienst teil. Heutzutage werden die Gottesdienste des Unabhängigkeitstages ökumenisch gestaltet, so dass alle Christen den Gottesdienst besuchen können.Nach den Gottesdiensten werden Kränze für Kriegsgefallene auf den Soldatenfriedhöfen niedergelegt. Auch Verwandte und Bekannte der Kriegsopfer bringen Kerzen oder Blumen zu den Gräbern.
deutsch: Joseph und Ria Hackin: Bamian. Führer zu den buddhistischen Höhlenklöstern und Kolossalstatuen. Les édition d'art et d'histoire, Paris 1939.
Darwins Lehre, ihr heutiger Stand und ihre wissenschaftliche und kulturelle Bedeutung. Berlin [u. a.] 1909 (aus: Deutsche Medizinische Wochenschrift. 1909, Nr.8. 15 S.) in: Sammelband Wa 40 635. Darwins Lehre. 1909.
Wolfram Grallert, Waldemar Gruschke: Lexikon der Philatelie. 5., bearb. u. erg. Auflage. transpress, Berlin 1981, DNB 840241240. Zeitschriftenartikel R. Zimmerl: 125 Jahre Philatelie in Österreich. In: Phila Historica. Nr. 1/2013, S. 78–90; der Artikel ist ebenfalls als Erstveröffentlichung erschienen in der Schweizer Briefmarken Zeitung. Nr. 1–2/2013.
Um die verschiedenen Details einer Briefmarke genauer erkennen zu können, braucht der Briefmarkensammler eine Lupe. Um bestimmte Prüfzeichen erkennen zu können, werden verschiedene UV-Lampen benötigt. Eine UV-Lampe mit einer Wellenlänge von 380 nm dient zum Erkennen von optischen Aufhellern oder phosphoreszierendem Papier, das manchmal bei modernen Briefmarken verwendet wird. Auch fluoreszierende Merkmale können mit einer 254-nm-UV-Lampe überprüft werden. Mit einem Mikrometer kann man die – bei manchen Ausgaben schwankende – Papierstärke der Briefmarke bestimmen. Ein Farbkatalog ermöglicht das exakte Bestimmen der Farbe einer Marke.
Später vertrat er dann das Departamento zeitweise als Senator während dreier Legislaturperioden (in der 6.LP: 5. März 1854–15. Juli 1854 // in der 7.LP: 12. Februar 1855–13. Februar 1857 // 10.LP: 14. Februar 1868–22. April 1869) und hatte dabei im Jahre 1856 das Amt des Senatspräsidenten inne.
Stärkste Glaubensgemeinschaft ist die Evangelische Kirche. Das Stadtgebiet gehört zwei verschiedenen Landeskirchen an: Während die Kernstadt und Climbach zur Evangelischen Kirche in Hessen und Nassau (EKHN) gehören, zählen die Stadtteile Nordeck und Winnen zur Evangelischen Kirche von Kurhessen-Waldeck.
Im 19. Jahrhundert und beginnendem 20. Jahrhundert gab es intensiven Eisenerzbergbau auf dem Territorium von Leun, siehe: Liste von Bergwerken im Lahn-Dill-Gebiet.
Die Wirtschaft von Allendorf (Lumda) ist geprägt durch kleine Betriebe. In den letzten Jahren zeigte sich eine deutliche Orientierung hin zu EDV und Werbung. Das Handwerk ist weiterhin stark präsent, während der Anteil der Landwirtschaft stetig abgenommen hat. Eine deutliche Veränderung von zahlreichen Kleinbetrieben hin zu wenigen großen Betrieben ist festzustellen.
Am 5. Oktober 1910 wurde die Abkürzung von Hanfertal nach Sigmaringen Landesbahnhof fertiggestellt. Und am 24. Dezember 1912 war die letzte Lücke zwischen Stetten und Hechingen geschlossen und damit eine durchgehende Strecke von Eyach über Hechingen–Gammertingen–Hanfertal bis Sigmaringendorf von 86 Kilometer Länge geschaffen worden. Mit den Abzweigungen nach Kleinengstingen (20 Kilometer) und nach Sigmaringen (zwei Kilometer) umfasste das HzL-Netz eine Gesamtlänge von fast 107,4 Kilometer, wovon 15 Kilometer Strecken in Württemberg lagen.
Bier studierte von 1980 bis 1987 an der Hochschule für Bildende Künste Braunschweig und an der Chelsea School of Art in London. Außerdem absolvierte er ein Studium der Linguistik und Literaturwissenschaft an der TU Braunschweig. Der Schwerpunkt seiner konzeptuell grundierten künstlerischen Tätigkeit liegt nach der Publikation von einigen zyklisch angelegten Gedichtbänden in den frühen 1980er Jahren vor allem in den Bereichen Bildhauerei, Fotografie und Malerei. In den Ensembles seiner Ausstellungen führt er Artefakte diverser Medien gleichberechtigt zu einem diskursiven Gesamtklang zusammen.
Er heiratete am 6. September 1871 Johanna Karolina Klara von Gruner (* 19. August 1848; † 21. Januar 1924), die Tochter des Politikers Justus von Gruner. Das Paar hatte einen Sohn und zwei Töchter:
Peter erhält einen Brief. Der unbekannte Absender teilt ihm mit, er werde einen großen Schatz finden, wenn er sich beim großen Eichbaum einfinde, sobald die Kirchenglocke den Abend einläute. Schnell verbreitet sich im Dorf das Gerücht, dem jungen Bauern stehe eine reiche Erbschaft bevor. Auch die beiden Bäuerinnen Annemarie und Catherine, beide jung verwitwet, bekommen Wind davon. Jede versucht, mehr oder weniger dreist, Peter um den Finger zu wickeln. Nur mit Mühe kann er sich ihnen entziehen.
Der Athlet muss den Diskus in einen am Boden vorgegebenen Kreissektor werfen, dessen Seitengrenzen einen Winkel von 34,92° bilden, der seinen Scheitel im Wurfkreismittelpunkt hat.
Gail B. Kirkpatrick, Raimar Stange (Texte): Freie Stücke des Besitzs und ihre notwendige Erstreckung. Städtische Ausstellungshalle am Hawerkamp, Münster 1993.
Die Reise wurde von der schweren Fregatte SMS Novara (1850) unter dem Kommando von Kommodore Bernhard von Wüllerstorf-Urbair durchgeführt, welche man zu diesem Zweck umgebaut hatte. Die unter anderem auch von der Kaiserlichen Akademie der Wissenschaften in Wien vorbereitete und von Fachgelehrten wie dem Geologen Ferdinand von Hochstetter und dem Zoologen Georg von Frauenfeld begleitete Forschungsreise zeitigte international beachtete Resultate. Die Expedition war auch die erste Weltumsegelung eines deutschsprachig geführten Schiffes.
Der Lebenswille der Bevölkerung war aber immer stärker und der Fleiß sowie der ausgesprochene gute Gemeinschaftsgeist in der Bürgerschaft trotzten all diesen Erschwernissen.
Hintner Johann. In: Österreichisches Biographisches Lexikon 1815–1950 (ÖBL). Band 2, Verlag der Österreichischen Akademie der Wissenschaften, Wien 1959, S. 327.
Die ethnischen Spannungen der 1950er Jahre hatten in der Arbeiterschaft ein starkes nationales Bewusstsein wach werden lassen. Es ist dabei bezeichnend, dass die Forderungen der Südtiroler Volkspartei vor allem soziale Belange betrafen, in denen man die Benachteiligung der deutschen und ladinischen Volksgruppe am stärksten zu spüren glaubte. Dies und die nationalistische Haltung mancher italienischer Gewerkschaftsfunktionäre forderten eine ethnische Gewerkschaft geradezu heraus.
Chinandega wurde vermutlich bereits im Jahre 596 gegründet. Vor der Entdeckung Amerikas durch die Spanier war Chinandega ein großes Gebiet und trug den Namen „Tezoatega“. Der heutige Name bedeutet in der Nahuatl-Sprache so viel wie „Ort der Palmdächer“. Ab 1529 - während der spanischen Kolonialzeit - war der Ort Sitz eines Patrons und entwickelte sich zu einem Zentrum der Landwirtschaft. Damals nahm Chinandega den Rang einer „villa“, also eines kleineren Ortes ein. 1839 wurde Chinandega per Dekret zu einer Stadt ernannt. Während des Bürgerkrieges 1927 brannte ein Großteil der Stadt nieder, was ihr den Beinamen „Märtyrer-Stadt“ einbrachte.
Der 1,85 m große Alistair Bond rudert seit 2003. Er nahm 2012 an den Weltmeisterschaften in den nicht-olympischen Bootsklassen teil und belegte den zehnten Platz im Leichtgewichts-Zweier ohne Steuermann. 2014 debütierte er im Ruder-Weltcup, wo er zusammen mit Adam Ling im Leichtgewichts-Doppelzweier antrat. Bei den Weltmeisterschaften 2014 erreichten die beiden nur das C-Finale. Sie traten zu diesem Rennen aber nicht mehr an, weil Alistair Bond als Ersatzmann für den verletzten James Lassche in den Leichtgewichts-Vierer ohne Steuermann rückte. Im Weltmeisterschafts-Finale gewann der dänische Vierer vor den Neuseeländern mit James Hunter, Alistair Bond, Peter Taylor und Curtis Rapley und den Briten. 2015 gewann Bond mit dem Leichtgewichts-Vierer zwei Weltcup-Regatten, bei den Weltmeisterschaften belegten Hunter, Bond, Lassche und Rapley den vierten Platz. Auch 2016 gewann der neuseeländische Vierer zwei Weltcup-Regatten. Für die Olympischen Spiele 2016 nominierte der neuseeländische Verband Lassche, Taylor, Bond und Hunter, die vier Ruderer erreichten den fünften Platz.
30. September: Jacques Aubert, französischer Violinist und Komponist († 1753) 22. Oktober: Johann V. („der Großherzige“, o Magnânimo), König von Portugal aus dem Hause Braganza († 1750)
Dietrich entstammt dem niederen westfälischen Adelshaus der Fürstenbergs, die im 16. Jahrhundert ein zunehmender Machtfaktor in den geistlichen Territorien Westfalens wurden. Der Sohn des kölnischen Rats Friedrich von Fürstenberg und der Tochter des Drosten zu Lichtenau und Wünnenberg Maria von Westphalen wuchs in einer von geistlichen Karrieren geprägten Familie auf. Fünf von neun Geschwistern nahmen geistliche Ämter an. Bruder Friedrich wurde Domkapitular von Mainz und Paderborn, die Schwester Ottilia Äbtissin in Neuenheerse und Oelinghausen, die Schwester Anna wurde nach dem Tod Ottilias Äbtissin in Oelinghausen. Ursula wurde Zisterzienserin im Kloster Himmelpforten. Die anderen Geschwister heirateten in den Paderborner Stiftsadel ein. Bedeutendster Bruder war Caspar von Fürstenberg, nachmalig Landdroste des Herzogtums Westfalen. Dietrich und Caspar standen in sehr engem persönlichen aber auch herrschaftlichem Verhältnis zueinander.Friedrich von Fürstenberg ließ seine Söhne durch den damals bekannten Humanisten Friedrich Beurhaus am Archigymnasium in Dortmund erziehen. Danach erfolgte das Studium an dem von Jesuiten geführten Tricoronatum in Köln, war Dietrich bereits mit 17 Jahren Inhaber der Pfarrei und des Landdekanates Wormbach, später der Pfarrei Attendorn und der Propstei im Stift Meschede. Ein besonderer Schritt in seiner Karriere bildete im gleichen Jahr die Erlangung der Domherrenpfründe in Paderborn. Ein Jahr später wurde er auch Domherr in Trier.
Der Fußaufsatz in der Ringmitte ist zu passiv. Da ein Weiterdrehen des rechten Fußes/ des Knies nur bei Ballenaufsatz gelingt, wird die Wurfbewegung unterbrochen. Dies führt zu einer ungleichmäßigen, schlechten Beschleunigung des Gerätes
In Mombach selbst ist keine Darstellung eines alten Wappens, das auf die Geschichte und Zugehörigkeit zu verschiedenen Eigentümern schließen ließe, zu finden. Schon im frühen Mittelalter gehörte Mombach zum Besitztum des Erzstiftes Mainz, das den Ort als Mannslehen vergab. Im 14. Jahrhundert gingen die Besitzrechte an das Mainzer Domkapitel über und gehörten bis in napoleonische Zeiten zu St. Peter. Daher sind die Farben des Domkapitels Silber/Rot in den meisten alten Wappendarstellungen erhalten. Im Wappen um 1500 befinden sich bereits neben den Farben des Domkapitels im rechten oberen Eck des Wappenschildes drei rotgoldene Kugeln, die auf den Ausstatter der drei Jungfrauen durch Mitgiftspende, St. Nikolaus, den Patron der Schiffer, hinweisen.
Das große Manko dieser Briefmarkenalben bestand darin, dass die einzelnen Briefmarken direkt mit Knochenleim oder Gummi arabicum in das Album geklebt werden mussten. Dies beschädigte die Briefmarke, vor allem beim Versuch des Ablösens, stark. Zahlreiche Philatelisten machten sich Gedanken über eine bessere Art der Aufbewahrung ihrer „Schätze“. Eine vernünftige Alternative wurde allerdings erst 21 Jahre später, im Jahr 1881, gefunden.
Am großen barocken Hofportal erkenntlich ist der Rest des ehemaligen Junkernhofes, Sitz der Familie Mohr, mit noch erhaltenem Herrenhaus. Sehenswert ist auch die alte Mühle von Leun, die der letzte Müller, Heinrich Staaden aus Leun, als Eigentümer dieser Mühle, bis in die Fünfziger Jahre betrieben hat. Heute ist die Leuner Mühle in einem ausgezeichneten restaurierten Zustand. Sehenswert auch die alte Lateinschule.
Bis nach dem Zweiten Weltkrieg lag Mombach idyllisch an Rettbergsaue und Ingelheimer Aue und verfügte über ein Naturschwimmbad mit dem legendären Bademeister Lenges, der 37 Menschen vor dem Ertrinken gerettet hat. Seit dem Verlust der rechtsrheinischen Vororte Amöneburg, Kostheim und Kastel, sowie Bischofsheim, mit dem damals größten Güterbahnhof, infolge der Zoneneinteilung der Alliierten, wurde Mombach zum Industriestandort umgewandelt. Letztendlich hatte Mainz nicht nur die Vororte, sondern damit gleichzeitig 50 % seiner Fläche und den größten Teil seiner Industrie verloren. Der Floßhafen wurde mit den Trümmern der Luftangriffe auf Mainz teilweise verfüllt und bot Platz für Industrieansiedlungen. Mombach zeichnet sich trotzdem immer noch durch einen gemütlichen Ortskern mit alten Häusern wie z. B. der Ortsverwaltung, Läden und Handwerksbetrieben aus.
Dramatis personae sind die vier Stimmen A, B,C und M, zu deren Identitäten Kane keine weitere Information gibt. In Interviews führte sie allerdings die Bezeichnung der Figuren aus; dabei steht A für Autor oder auch Aleister Crowley, Antichrist und Arschloch, B für Boy, also Junge, M für Mother/Mutter und C für Child/Kind. Im Stück bleibt offen, ob tatsächlich vier verschiedene Personen oder z. B. die Gedanken nur einer Person sprechen. Sie thematisieren in oft nicht zusammenhängenden Sätzen die Liebe und ihre Begierden und Sehnsüchte. Kanes Sprache erlebt eine sehr dichte Bildhaftigkeit und Poesie. Auch sind autobiographische Züge zu erkennen - die sehr detaillierte Liebeserklärung von A an eine nicht benannte Person ist voller Einzelheiten und Begebenheiten, die den Eindruck der Wahrhaftigkeit erwecken. Alle Stimmen artikulieren ihre jeweiligen starken Begierden nach Lösung und Rettung - dabei bleibt offen, ob diese durch Liebe oder durch den Tod erfolgen können. Das Stück endet mit einem Sturz ins Licht, der dementsprechend die Erfüllung der Begierde nach Liebe wie nach Tod sein kann.
Da die Hohenzollerischen Lande als lang gezogenes Territorium inmitten des Königreichs Württemberg lagen, hatte die Württembergische Staatsbahn mit ihren Eisenbahnstrecken bis zu diesem Zeitpunkt dieses „ausländische“ Gebiet lediglich auf dem jeweils kürzesten Weg durchquert und nur die beiden Kreisstädte Hechingen 1869 und Sigmaringen 1878 an das württembergische Eisenbahnnetz angebunden.
Wahrzeichen des Leuner Stadtteils ist das Brunnenhaus des staatlich anerkannten Gertrudisbrunnen, der ein Geotop des Nationalen Geoparks Westerwald-Lahn-Taunus ist.
Den übrigen Umberfischen sieht der queenfish (daher Königinnen-Umber, Seriphus politus) sehr wenig ähnlich – er ähnelt eher etwa den Apogonidae. Bauch- und Rückenlinie sind etwa gleich lang, ebenso Rücken- und Afterflosse. Die Stirn kann etwas eingesattelt sein. Der Rumpf ist ziemlich kompress.
Joseph Hackin schiffte sich mit seiner Frau am 21. Februar 1941 in Liverpool an Bord des britischen Frachtdampfers Jonathan Holt mit Ziel Westafrika ein, um von dort nach Indien zu gelangen. Das Schiff fuhr in einem Geleitzug, der durch deutsche U-Boote angegriffen wurde. Die Jonathan Holt sank durch ein Torpedo von U 97 und das Ehepaar Hackin verlor sein Leben.
Der Autonome Südtiroler Gewerkschaftsbund (ASGB) ist die gewerkschaftliche Organisation der deutschen und ladinischen Arbeiterschaft in Südtirol. Er wurde 1964 von ehemaligen Mitgliedern der mehrheitlich italienischen Gewerkschaft CISL gegründet, um den Arbeitern der deutschen und ladinischen Volksgruppe eine eigenständige Gewerkschaftsvertretung zu ermöglichen.
Es gibt zwei Möglichkeiten, eine lateinische Umschrift zu erreichen: über Transkription und Transliteration. Einige verwendete Varianten sind ein Hybrid zwischen den beiden.
Aus diesem Grund wurden über den Österreichischen Gewerkschaftsbund ÖGB Kontakte zur UIL geknüpft, die Ende 1967 zu einem Abkommen über gegenseitige Unterstützung führten. Der ASGB konnte nun unter dem Schirm der UIL sämtliche Gewerkschaftsrechte nutzen, die ihm bis dahin verwehrt geblieben waren, wobei der ASGB als deutsche Sektion der UIL in Südtirol auftrat.
Im Jahr 2009 erreichte ihre Zusammenarbeit mit dem Rapper Tinchy Stryder, der Song Never Leave You, sofort Platz 1 der britischen Singlecharts. Damit ist sie das einzige Mitglied der Sugababes, dessen Soloprojekt Platz 1 der Charts erreichte.
II.2. Franz Karl Guilleaume „der Ältere“ (1789–1837) ∞ Christina Felten (1788–1853), Tochter von Johann Theodor Felten (1747–1827; Seilermeister und Fabrikant in Köln) und Elisabeth Fischer
José Sentis (* 11. Juni 1888 in Tarragona, Spanien; † 20. März 1983 in Ivry-sur-Seine, Frankreich) war ein spanischer Pianist und Komponist.
Die Mannschaft Amerikanisch-Samoas hatte zuvor allen Film- und Fernsehproduktionsanfragen eine Absage erteilt, ehe sie von den britischen Filmemachern Brett und Jamison kontaktiert wurden. Ihnen wurde es erlaubt das Team zu filmen, da sie den ständigen Willen der Mannschaft, auch bei Niederlagen, in den Fokus setzen wollten. So sagte Jamison: „Fußballspieler, die eine Niederlage nach der anderen kassieren und dennoch nie aufgeben, müssen den Sport ganz besonders lieben. Das weckte unsere Neugier…“ Gedreht wurde der Film in einer 5k-Auflösung mithilfe einer RED-Epic-Kamera während zwei Aufenthalten auf der Insel, die sechs und acht Wochen andauerten. Insgesamt wurden über 300 Stunden Material aufgenommen. Die Produzenten Brett, Jamison und Kristian Brodie finanzierten die Produktion selbst.
Waldeyer legte sein Abitur am Gymnasium Theodorianum in Paderborn ab und studierte dann an der Universität Göttingen zunächst Mathematik und Naturwissenschaften. Angeregt von Vortrag und Präsentation Jakob Henles, dessen Vorlesungen er nebenbei besuchte, wechselte er zur Medizin. 1858/59 ging er als Hilfsassistent zu Julius Budges nach Greifswald. Sein Studium beendete er an der Universität in Berlin, wo er bei dem Anatomen Karl Bogislaus Reichert 1861 mit einer Arbeit über das Schlüsselbein promoviert wurde und danach das Staatsexamen ablegte.
Durch den Altonaer Vertrag erhält Herzog Christian Albrecht von Schleswig-Holstein-Gottorf unter Vermittlung der kaiserlichen, brandenburgischen, kursächsischen, niederländischen und englischen Gesandten seine Länder von Dänemark zurück. Garantiemächte des Vertrages sind Schweden, England und die Niederlande.
Es gibt jedoch auch so genannte Vordruckalben in Klemm- oder Ringbindern. Bei diesen steckt man die Briefmarke an einen vorgesehenen Platz. Von Nachteil ist, dass einzelne Besonderheiten wie Eckrandstücke oder Paare keine Berücksichtigung finden können und die Gestaltung der Alben mit Platzierung der Briefmarken in der Mittelachse sehr konservativ ist. Für die Aufbewahrung gibt es spezielle Folien, die so genannten Klemmtaschen. Früher kam es oft vor, dass für diese Klarsichtstreifen noch Kunststofffolien mit briefmarkenschädigenden Weichmachern verwendet wurden. Nach ein paar Jahren erschienen die Marken braungelb und wurden damit oft minderwertig bis wertlos.
23. Oktober: Die vom Parlament am 13. Februar zunächst als Declaration of Rights (Erklärung der Rechte) gefassten Grundsätze werden vom neuen Königspaar Wilhelm III. und Maria II. anerkannt. Sie münden in die Bill of Rights.
16. August: Dorothea Sophie von Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg, Kurfürstin von Brandenburg (* 1636) 15. September: Balthasar Cellarius, deutscher evangelischer Theologe (* 1614)
Pedro de Sintra, ein portugiesischer Entdecker, erreichte das Kap 1461. Er nannte es wegen des Höhenunterschieds zum höheren, weiter westlich gelegenen Kap Mount Kap Mesurado (deutsch: das „bescheidene, gemäßigte“ Kap).
Die ARTE-Sendereihe präsentiert vornehmlich herausragende Bauwerke der architektonischen Moderne des 20. Jahrhunderts. Sie wird seit 1998 nach einer Idee von Frédéric Campain und Richard Copans ausgestrahlt und zählt 2016 64 Folgen, wovon bisher 59 auf DVD erschienen sind. Zwischenzeitlich wurde die Betreuung der Reihe von den Autoren Richard Copans und Stan Neumann übernommen. Die einzelnen Folgen, die sich jeweils einem Gebäude widmen, haben eine Länge von 26 bis 30 Minuten. Derzeit werden die neuen Staffeln in einem Abstand von zwei Jahren gesendet.
In den folgenden Jahrzehnten setzte sich der Briefmarkenfalz als Befestigungsmittel für Briefmarken bei den Philatelisten durch. Dies wurde natürlich auch bei der Herstellung der Briefmarkenalben berücksichtigt. Außerdem kamen immer mehr neue Formen auf den Markt. Heute werden keine Briefmarkenfalze mehr verwendet, da diese die Gummierung leicht beschädigen. Nach dem Zweiten Weltkrieg wurden sie von Klemmtaschen und anderen Systemen der Briefmarkenaufbewahrung abgelöst, die es nicht mehr erforderten, die Marken irgendwo aufzukleben.
Der Diskus ist bei Wettkämpfen auf ein Gewicht von zwei Kilogramm bei den Männern und einem Kilogramm bei den Frauen genormt. Für Jugendliche und Senioren gibt es weitere Gewichtsklassen. Der Diskus besteht normalerweise bei Wettkämpfen aus Holz, oder Kunststoffen, hat einen Einfassungsring aus Messing oder Stahl mit abgerundeter Außenkante und in der Mitte beidseitig einen Metalleinsatz. Moderne Geräte werden auch aus mit Kohlenstofffasern verstärkten oder anderen Verbundwerkstoffen gefertigt und mit Hilfe von Computern in ihren Flugeigenschaften optimiert. Bei guten Technikern unter den Athleten kann das eine spürbare Steigerung der Weiten bewirken, u. a. weil die Masseverteilung besser als beim Holzdiskus variiert werden und der größte Teil der Masse in den Einfassungsring verlagert werden kann. Je größer der Massenanteil im Außenring ist, desto höher die Eigenrotation. Dabei schwankt die Massenverteilung zwischen 70 % und bis zu 92 % im Außenring. Bei den Männern hat der Diskus einen Durchmesser von 21,9 bis 22,1 Zentimeter und eine Höhe von 4,4 bis 4,6 Zentimetern in der Mitte. Bei Frauen hat der Diskus einen Durchmesser von 18,0 bis 18,2 Zentimeter und ist 3,7 bis 3,9 Zentimeter hoch. Bei Männern und Frauen beträgt der Durchmesser des Metalleinsatzes in der Mitte der Scheibe 5,0 bis 5,7 Zentimeter und der Radius ca. 0,6 Zentimeter. Der Metalleinsatz kann außerdem zur Nachtarierung des Gerätes genutzt werden, was bei den optimierten Geräten aus modernen Verbundwerkstoffen allerdings nicht mehr unbedingt nötig ist. Der Diskus muss symmetrisch sein. Das heißt, die Oberseite darf sich nicht von der Unterseite unterscheiden.
Die International Scientific Transcription, bzw. die Internationale wissenschaftliche Transkription basiert hauptsächlich auf dem lateinischen Kroatischen Alphabet der serbo-kroatischen Sprache. Die heute übliche wissenschaftliche Transliteration in der Slawistik beruht auf dem tschechischen Alphabet. Diese Transkription wird vor allem von Linguisten verwendet, wie z.B. bei Veröffentlichungen in der Slawistik. Diese stammt aus dem neunzehnten Jahrhundert, wo sie in das Bibliothekarische Regelwerk als Preußische Instruktionen ( PI) aufgenommen wurde. Dieses Regelwerk enthält die Leitlinien für Bibliotheken und wurde dort 1898 kodifiziert. Diese Leitlinien wurden später von der Internationalen Organisation für Normung (ISO), mit kleinen Unterschieden zu ISO/R 9 übernommen. Die notwendigen Diakritika auf Computern benötigen Unicode, Latin-2-, Latin-4- oder Latin-7-Kodierung. Andere verwendete slawisch basierte Umschriften beruhen gelegentlich auf dem Slowakischen Alphabet oder dem Polnischen Alphabet, die die Symbole für palatalisierten Konsonanten enthalten. National 1996 ist das offizielle System, das sowohl von der Ukraine selbst in ihren internationalen Außenbeziehungen und bei den Vereinten Nationen verwendet wird. Diese wird allgemein für die Umschrift von ukrainischen geographischen Namen verwendet, die vor 1991 fast ausschließlich nur unter ihrem russischen Namen bekannt waren. Dieses System basiert im Wesentlichen auf der Grundlage der englischen Rechtschreibung und dann zeigt viele Ähnlichkeiten mit der britischen Transkription.
Auf dem Großen Sand wurden über viele Jahre hinweg Kaisermanöver beginnend mit den Kaiserparaden, abgehalten, das letzte Mal 1913. Kaiser Wilhelm II. nahm diese ab, wenn er in Wiesbaden zur Kur war.
Die Vultee Vanguard beruht auf einer Idee der aus der „Aviation Manufacturing Corporation“ hervorgegangenen Firma Vultee Aircraft aus den späten 1930er-Jahren. Damals wurden aus einem gemeinsamen Satz von Tragflächen, Rumpfenden und Leitwerken vier Flugzeuge für unterschiedliche Aufgaben entwickelt:
Es gab einen Untersuchungsausschuss; zwei Konstituierungen des Verteidigungsausschuss als Untersuchungsausschuss Verteidigungsausschuss als 1. Untersuchungsausschuss nach Art. 45a Absatz 2 Grundgesetz "Spionagefalles Lutze/Wiege" (1977–1978)
Familie von Rohe baute von 1728 bis 1741 die neue Wasserburg Drove, die heute noch erhalten ist. Es handelt sich dabei um eine dreiflügelige, zweigeschossige Anlage im Stil des Barocks aus Bruchsteinen mit Walmdächern. Vor dem Herrenhaus liegt eine ehemals dreiflügelige Vorburg, die seit einem großen Brand im Jahre 1893 nur noch einflügelig ist. Um 1920 wurde an der Südost- und Südwestecke des Herrenhauses jeweils ein eingeschossiger Anbau angefügt. Das Gesindehaus im Innenhof der Burg rührt aus dem Jahre 1929. Der Anbau an der Südwestecke des Herrenhauses wurde im Zweiten Weltkrieg so gründlich zerstört, dass er nicht mehr aufgebaut wurde. Die anderen Kriegsschäden wurden beseitigt. Die Burg befindet sich heute in Privatbesitz und ist bewohnt.
Ein weiteres Schiff, die kleine 50-Tonnen-Patache Santiago, segelte 10.000 km nordwärts und erreichte die mexikanische Pazifikküste. Sie war damit das erste Schiff, das die Westküste Mexikos von Europa aus erreichte.
ISO 9:1954, eine ältere Norm der ISO, beruht auf der älteren wissenschaftlichen Transliteration und sieht deshalb für das Ukrainische und das Russische leicht unterschiedliche Transliterationen vor; ISO 9:1968 erlaubt diese Unterschiede weiterhin, sieht aber daneben eine einheitliche Transliteration für alle kyrillisch geschriebenen Sprachen vor; DIN 1460:1982 ist von ISO 9:1968 abgeleitet, erlaubt aber für das Ukrainische nur die besondere Transliteration. Diese Besonderheit betrifft die ukrainischen Buchstaben Г und И, die (im Gegensatz zu anderen Sprachen) als H bzw. Y transliteriert werden; die ukrainischen Buchstaben Ґ und І werden dagegen als G bzw. I transliteriert.
Erster Wurf über 50 Meter: 53,25 m, Nina Dumbadse (URS), 8. August 1948 (ein früherer 50-Meter-Wurf von 1946 wurde nicht als Weltrekord anerkannt)
Am Nordhang des Berges befand sich im Mittelalter eine kleine Dorfsiedlung, und der Berg fand urkundlich erstmals im Jahre 1335 Erwähnung, als Heinrich von Wolfershausen seinen Hof in Emserberg an Konrad Wackermaul aus Wichdorf verkaufte.
Performances, wie "It`s an A" zeigte sie in den U.S.A, Europa und Asien unter anderem bei Franklin Furnace, Betty Parsons Galerie, Bykert Galerie, Construction Company, Max Hutchinson Galerie in SoHo, Lenbachhaus Galerie in München, La Nuit Parcourt La Ceil in Belgien, Cafe Einstein und SO 36 in Berlin und dem Ars Electronica Festival in Linz, Österreich. Ihre Performances beschrieb die New York Times als "herausragend unter den Performance Künstlern".In den achtziger Jahren führte Schloss ihre Medien Oper "A.E. BLA BLA BLA" (unter der Leitung von Butch Morris) auf der Ars Electronica in Linz, Österreich auf. Tänzer, unter der Regie von Christa Gamper, gestalten das Werk. Peter Weibel, Kurator der Ars Electronica schreibt "Als Praktikerin, die in vielen Medien zu Hause ist, und als energische Vorkämpferin verschiedener neuer Technologien hat sich Arleen Schloss schon seitdem sie in den frühen 1970er-Jahren die Malerei aufgegeben hat, intensiv mit der Sprache beschäftigt".
Zur Geschichte des anatomischen Unterrichts in Berlin. Rede auf der Gedächtnisfeier des Stifters der Berliner Universität König Friedrich Wilhelm III in der Aula derselben am 3. August 1899 gehalten von Wilhelm Waldeyer. August Hirschwald, Berlin 1899 Archive
Am 11. September 1964 gründeten drei ehemalige Gewerkschaftsfunktionäre des SGB/CISL, Franz Plaickner, Otto Gander und Alois Singer, in Meran den Autonomen Südtiroler Gewerkschaftsbund.
Es war der erste tasmanische Ankerplatz der Suchexpedition von Bruni d'Entrecasteaux, um den verschollenen Entdecker La Pérouse zu finden. Sie ist nach einem der beiden Schiffe der Expedition benannt, der La Recherche. Der Name des andern Schiffes war L'Espérance und eine ähnliche Bucht, etwa 18 nautische Meilen nordnordöstlich, wurde nach Letzterem Schiff Port Esperance genannt.
Die deutsche Sprache hat im Vergleich mit anderen germanischen Sprachen ein reiches System von Wortformen (Flexion) bewahrt, in einem Ausmaß wie sonst nur das Isländische. Deutsch unterscheidet drei Genera (grammatische Geschlechter) bei Substantiven, mit denen die Formen der begleitenden Artikel und Adjektive übereinstimmen müssen, ferner in allen drei Wortarten vier Kasus und zwei Numeri (Einzahl und Mehrzahl). Ungewöhnlich ist die zusätzliche „stark/schwach“-Flexion der Adjektive, die anzeigt, welche Art von Artikel vorausgeht. Deutsch markiert Formen für Tempus, Person und Modus am Verb und nutzt Hilfsverben zum Ausdruck weiterer grammatischer Kategorien.
Zweck der Organisation ist es, innerhalb des Interoperatibilitätskontextes Forscher und Forschungseinrichtungen sowie Industrievertreter miteinander zu verbinden. Die grundlegende Zielsetzung ist dabei die Defragmentierung der europäischen Forschungs- und Wissenschaftslandschaft und die Unterstützung der Zusammenarbeit dieser mit anderen Regionen der Welt:
Bis 1989 diente das Turnier lediglich als Qualifikation für die U-20-Weltmeisterschaft und wurde bis zum Finale mit Hin- und Rückspielen ausgetragen. Seit 1991 folgt auf eine Qualifikationsrunde ein Turnier der besten acht Mannschaften um den Titel des Afrikameisters der Junioren U-20 in einem ausgewählten Land.
Heute werden in einem regulären Wettkampf sechs Versuche geworfen. Ziel ist es, den Diskus möglichst weit in einen vorgegebenen Sektor zu schleudern. Die beste Weite wird für den jeweiligen Werfer gezählt. Nach den ersten drei Versuchen qualifizieren sich die acht Athleten mit höchsten Weiten für den Endkampf, in dem dann wieder jeweils drei Würfe ausgeübt werden. Im vierten und fünften Versuch wird in umgekehrter Reihenfolge des Wettkampfstandes nach drei Versuchen geworfen. Ebenso wird im letzten Versuch die Reihenfolge vom Letzten zum Ersten nach fünf Versuchen neu geordnet.
Die Ortschaft Bildechingen liegt 3,5 km nordöstlich von Horb am Neckar am Südwestrand des oberen Gäus bzw. am östlichen Rande des Nordschwarzwalds auf einer Höhe von 504 m ü. NN und hat ungefähr 2.200 Einwohner.
Briefmarken eignen sich kaum als Wertanlage. Trotzdem ist es immer wieder in der Geschichte der Philatelie zu Spekulationsblasen gekommen, in denen Ausgaben bestimmter Epochen und Regionen oder Einzelbriefmarken binner weniger Jahren enorme Wertzuwächse zu verzeichnen hatten.
Die rechtliche Gleichstellung des Autonomen Südtiroler Gewerkschaftsbundes mit den anderen in Südtirol tätigen Gewerkschaftsbünden wurde erst 1978 mit einer Durchführungsbestimmung zum Autonomiestatut erreicht.
Im Stadtteil Biskirchen finden sich die Reste der alten Friedhofsmauer und das 1884 geweihte Denkmal zur Erinnerung an die alte Bischofskirche (erbaut um 900, abgebrochen 1871), die namensgebend für den Ort war. Sehenswert auch ihre Nachfolgerin, die das Ortsbild dominiert.
Die erste Encyclopaedia Judaica erschien seit 1928 in Berlin im Verlag Eschkol von Nahum Goldmann. Herausgeber waren Jakob Klatzkin und Ismar Elbogen. Deren Erscheinen musste nach nur zehn von 15 deutschsprachigen (A–Lyra) Bänden infolge der Machtübergabe an die Nationalsozialisten eingestellt werden, 40.000 schon gedruckte Exemplare wurden in Leipzig 1933 vernichtet. Zwei hebräische Bände (A-Antipas) wurden unter dem Namen Eshkol (אשכול) publiziert.
Mombacher Frühe (Aprikose)Im Aprikosenanbau galt das Gebiet in und um Mombach bis in die Nachkriegszeit als größte zusammenhängende Anbaufläche in Deutschland.
Er wurde in den Jahren 1440–1450 vom Mainzer Kurfürsten Dietrich Schenk von Erbach vor den Toren der Stadt als Tiergarten zur Versorgung der Schlossküche mit Wildbret angelegt und mit einer Mauer umgeben. Je ein Turm stand in Höhe des heutigen Kreisels am Opel-Brass und an der Kittelstraße, das sogenannte „Schwarze Tor“. Südlich wurde er durch den vom Röderbach gespeisten Leergraben begrenzt; heute ist das die Würzburger Straße.
Um die Rückkehr nach Mexiko zu beschleunigen, wählte Saavedra eine direkte Ostroute quer durch bislang unerforschte Gewässer. Aufgrund widriger Windverhältnisse wurde er abgetrieben und gelangte an die Nordküste Neuguineas, wo er einige Inselgruppen, so zum Beispiel die Schouten-Inseln und die Admiralitäts-Inseln, entdeckte. Saavedra versuchte weiterhin, einen Kurs nach Osten zu halten und durchfuhr dabei die Karolinen. Durch starke Gegenwinde wurde Saavedra wieder an die Nordküste Neuguineas zurückgetrieben. Letztlich erreichte Saavedra noch die Marschall-Inseln, in deren Nähe er verstarb. Entmutigt steuerte die Crew schließlich erneut die Molukken an. Im Dezember 1529 erreichte man Tidore, wo man sich den Portugiesen ergab.
Der Phasenwinkel oder die Phase gibt die aktuelle Position im Ablauf eines periodischen Vorgangs an. Für sinusförmige Verläufe ist die Phase die Größe, von der die Winkelfunktion unmittelbar abhängt (mathematisch als „Argument“ der Funktion bezeichnet). Sie hat daher die Dimension eines Winkels.
Die Kirchenruine zum Heiligen Grabe, auch als Schöntalruine bekannt, ist die Ruine der 1543 bis 1545 erbauten und 1552 niedergebrannten Kirche des Beginenklosters. Es wurde vom Erzbischof Albrecht von Brandenburg um das Jahr 1500 im „Tiergarten zu Aschaffenburg“ errichtet. Zu dessen Äbtissin machte er 1540 seine Lebensgefährtin Agnes Pless. Bereits im Schmalkaldischen Krieg 1546 und wenige Jahre später im Zweiten Markgrafenkrieg 1552 wurde das Gebäude weitestgehend zerstört. Mit der Auflösung des Beginenkonvents wurde die Aschaffenburger Grabeskirche dem Verfall preisgegeben. Da das Kirchengebäude nur kurze Zeit stand, hat sich die Anwesenheit der Beginen in der Aschaffenburger Lokalgeschichte nur im Tiergarten überliefert. Die Ruine wurde später in die Parkgestaltung mit einbezogen.
Am 1. September 2009 trat die Gemeinde Bernterode (bei Worbis) mit den beiden Ortsteilen Bernterode-Ort und Bernterode-Schacht freiwillig der Gemeinde Breitenworbis bei.
Im Jahr 1577 wurde Dietrich von Fürstenberg Dompropst. Bereits zu dieser Zeit galt er als ein möglicher Kandidat für das Bischofsamt. In dieser Zeit war er in dem stark vom Protestantismus beeinflussten Domkapitel der Führer einer katholischen Minderheit. Dennoch gelang es ihm angesichts des mehrheitlich protestantischen Stiftsadels die Bestimmung durchzusetzen, dass zukünftig nur noch Katholiken in das Kapitel aufgenommen werden durften. Nach dem Tod des Bischofs Heinrich von Sachsen-Lauenburg hat sich insbesondere Caspar von Fürstenberg für die Wahl seines Bruders eingesetzt. Obwohl er noch nicht die höheren Weihen hatte und entgegen den Bestimmungen des Konzils von Trient mehrere Präbenden innehatte, wurde er am 5. Juni 1585 als Dietrich IV. ohne Gegenkandidaten zum Fürstbischof von Paderborn gewählt und am 7. Oktober von Papst Sixtus V. bestätigt. In der Wahlkapitulation sagte er den Schutz des Katholizismus und die Ausweisung der nichtkatholischen Prädikanten zu. Die Gesandtschaft nach Rom wurde von Caspar finanziert.Da er zur Zeit der Amtsübernahme noch keine Weihen hatte, ließ er sich zwischen den 27. und 30. Juli 1589 vom Kölner Weihbischof nacheinander im Kloster Böddeken die Subdiakonats-, Diakonats-, Priester- und Bischofsweihe spenden. Für die Ausübung von Pontifikalhandlungen erbat er sich die Hilfe von Weihbischöfen benachbarter Diözesen.
Die Novara-Expedition stellt die erste Weltumsegelung eines österreichischen Kriegsschiffes dar und ist daher im Marinesaal des Wiener Heeresgeschichtlichen Museum dokumentiert, u. a. durch Aquarellstudien des Malers Joseph Sellény, der an der Reise teilnahm und unzählige Eindrücke in Aquarellstudien festhielt. Weiters ist ein Modell der SMS Novara im Maßstab 1:75 ausgestellt.
In den 1990er Jahren nahm die Bedeutung des Briefverkehrs ab, und Briefmarken wurden auf Poststücken durch die Labelfreimachung ersetzt. Briefmarken sind nunmehr eine Randerscheinung des Postverkehrs und abgestempelt werden diese in Deutschland in Anlagen, die allesamt mit dem Begriff „Briefzentrum“ abstempeln. Hatte sich das Briefmarkensammeln von einer Freizeitbeschäftigung des Großbürgertums zu einem Volksphänomen entwickelt, so geht die Entwicklung auf das Sammeln von Seltenheiten zurück.
Die Kunstschule von Glasgow (Glasgow, Vereinigtes Königreich / Charles Rennie Mackintosh). Produktion 2013, Erstausstrahlung am 25. Oktober 2015.
Next Goal Wins – Das Spiel ihres Lebens (Originaltitel Next Goal Wins) ist ein britischer Dokumentarfilm aus dem Jahr 2014 von Mike Brett und Steve Jamison. Der Film begleitet die Amerikanisch-samoanische Fußballnationalmannschaft, die allgemein als eine der schlechten Fußballnationalmmanschaften der Welt bekannt ist, auf ihrem Weg sich zu verbessern und sich für die Fußball-Weltmeisterschaft 2014 in Brasilien zu qualifizieren.
Heinz August Feierle (* 23. September 1927 in Dornbirn) ist ein ehemaliger österreichischer Politiker (ÖVP) und Baumeister. Er war von 1964 bis 1984 Abgeordneter zum Vorarlberger Landtag.
Chuncheon (kor. Fluss des Frühlings, frühere deutsche Transkription Tschungtschon) ist die Hauptstadt der Provinz Gangwon-do in Südkorea. Sie hat 273.130 Einwohner.
Lukas Grünenwald wurde er am 1. Februar 1937 in Speyer begraben. An der Beerdigung nahmen Bischof Ludwig Sebastian und Mitglieder des Domkapitels sowie der Speyerer Oberbürgermeister Karl Leiling teil.
Zwei Gemälde aus dem zweiten Viertel des 18. Jahrhunderts mit Darstellungen des hl. Judas Thaddäus und der hl. Barbara befinden sich in der Kapelle. Der Kreuzweg aus vierzehn kleinen Medaillons bestehend stammt aus der Mitte des 18. Jahrhunderts. In der Kapelle sind mehrere gefasste Holzfiguren. Der überlebensgroße Christus im Kerker ist aus der ersten Hälfte des 19. Jahrhunderts. Um 1770 wurden die Figuren des hl. Johannes und der schmerzhaften Muttergottes geschaffen. Die Darstellungen des hl. Joseph und des hl. Willibold stammen aus der Mitte des 18. Jahrhunderts. Der Kruzifixus wurde vermutlich Anfang des 19. Jahrhunderts gefertigt.
Bei Briefmarkenausstellungen sind Präsentationen von Motivsammlungen häufig interessanter und beliebter als klassische Sammlungen. Dies hängt damit zusammen, dass der klassische Sammler konkrete Themen, wie beispielsweise „100 Jahre Automobilbau“ oder „Olympische Spiele“, nur sehr eingeschränkt präsentieren kann. Der Motivsammler hat dagegen genau zu seinem Sammelgebiet umfangreiches Material. Seit Briefmarkenkataloge im Internet online eingesehen werden können und auch entsprechende Suchfunktionen vorhanden sind, haben Motivsammler erstklassige Möglichkeiten, nach Marken ihres Spezialgebiets zu suchen.
Er studierte Rechtswissenschaften in Heidelberg, wo er Mitglied des Corps Vandalia war, und in Göttingen. 1859 wurde er Auditeur, 1864 Gerichtsassessor in Celle, später in Geestemünde. Ab 1866 war er Regierungsassessor im Ministerium der Auswärtigen Angelegenheiten und beim Oberpräsidium in Hannover. 1868 wurde er Hilfsarbeiter im Ministerium für Lauenburg in Berlin. 1870/71 nahm er als Kriegsfreiwilliger und zuletzt Leutnant im Garde-Kürassier-Regiment am Krieg gegen Frankreich teil. 1872 wurde er Regierungsassessor in Potsdam. 1873 zunächst aus dem Staatsdienst ausgeschieden, trat er 1878 als Regierungsassessor wieder ein und wurde nach Posen versetzt. Düring wurde 1880 Regierungsrat, 1881 Amtshauptmann in Hann. Münden, 1884 Landrat im Landkreis Münden. 1895 erhielt er den Titel eines Geheimen Regierungsrats. 1899 wurde ihm der Abschied bewilligt. Er lebte zuletzt als Rittergutsbesitzer auf Eggerkamp und Gehren.
Im Personenverkehr umfasst das befahrene Streckennetz heute über 400 Kilometer. So übernahm die HzL ab 1993 die Betriebsführung für die Bodensee-Oberschwaben-Bahn, die heute zwischen Aulendorf und Friedrichshafen fährt. 1997 erhielt die HzL den Auftrag des Landes Baden-Württemberg für den Regionalbahn-Verkehr auf der aus den Abschnitten Bahnstrecke Tübingen–Sigmaringen, Donautalbahn (Baden-Württemberg) und Bahnstrecke Herbertingen–Aulendorf zusammengesetzten Zollernalbbahn zwischen Tübingen und Aulendorf.
(Xongo Bongo - Tote Deutsche im Stadtbild von Braunschweig 1986; Phänotyp Zuteilung, Städtische Galerie im Museum Folkwang 1987: Fragmente der Liebe, Overbeck-Gesellschaft Lübeck 1987; Was dürfen wir glauben?, Sprengelmuseum Hannover 1988; und Strip - heute kaufen wir nichts, urbane Interventionen in Hannover-Hainholz 1989).
Falkenhain wurde 1584 durch den kaiserlichen Mundschenk Friedrich von Falkenhain gegründet, dem bereits das benachbarte Heyde und weitere Dorfschaften im Glatzer Land gehörten. Es war zur Pfarrei Altwilmsdorf gewidmet. Nach den Schlesischen Kriegen fiel es zusammen mit der Grafschaft Glatz 1763 mit dem Hubertusburger Frieden an Preußen. Nach der Neugliederung Preußens gehörte es seit 1815 zur Provinz Schlesien und war ab 1816 dem Landkreis Glatz eingegliedert, mit dem es bis 1945 verbunden blieb. Wegen der Nachbarschaft zu Bad Altheide entwickelte sich Falkenhain ab Ende des 19. Jahrhunderts zu einem Erholungsort. Die „Genossenschaft von den hl. Herzen Jesu und Mariä“ errichtete 1927 in Falkenhaus das „Missionshaus Christus Rex“, das als Schule für den Ordensnachwuchs diente und bis heute dem Orden gehört. 1936 erfolgte die Zusammenlegung der Kolonie Neu-Falkenhain mit Falkenhain zu einer Gemeinde. 1939 wurden 871 Einwohner gezählt.
In Deutschland wird die Serie seit dem 2. Januar 2011 immer sonntags auf Sat.1 ausgestrahlt. Seit dem 13. März ist sie immer in der Nacht von Sonntag auf Montag gegen ein Uhr zu sehen.
Mit der Gründung des Großherzogtum Hessen 1806 wurde diese Funktion beibehalten, während die Aufgaben der ersten Instanz 1821 im Rahmen der Trennung von Rechtsprechung und Verwaltung auf die neu geschaffenen Land- bzw. Stadtgerichte übergingen. „Landgericht Gießen“ war daher von 1821 bis 1879 die Bezeichnung für das erstinstanzliche Gericht das für Amt Allendorf/Lumda zuständig war.
V.3. Arnold Karl Hubert von Guilleaume (1868–1939) ∞ Elisabeth „Ella“ Deichmann (1875–1972), Tochter des Bankiers Otto Deichmann (1838–1911) VI.1. Erwin von Guilleaume (1897–1993)
Die Fahrzeuge hatten eine gewisse Ähnlichkeit mit Cyclecars. Dies bezog sich insbesondere auf die geringe Spurweite von 96,5 cm und die beiden hintereinander angeordneten Sitze. Das Fahrgestell hatte 254 cm Radstand. Trotz der Schmalspur hatte die Hinterachse ein Differenzial.
Dieser Artikel gibt einen Überblick über die hauptsächlichen Bereiche der Grammatik – vor allem Wortarten, Wortbildung, Wortformen und Satzbau – der hochdeutschen Standardsprache (im Unterschied zu den Dialekten des Deutschen).
Erste Erfolge feierte Paumgarten 1921, als er die deutschen Hochschulmeisterschaften gewann. 1925 wurde er bei den von Deutschland und Österreich gemeinsam veranstalteten Skimeisterschaften in Kitzbühel bester Sportler des ÖSV. Daraufhin konnte er an der Weltmeisterschaft in Johannisbad teilnehmen und kam dabei auf den 32. Rang im Springen. 1926 siegte er in einem Langlaufbewerb in Semmering. 1928 gewann er das Dreiländertreffen in Bad Mitterndorf ebenso wie das Springen bei den Niederösterreichischen Meisterschaften in Mariazell. Bei den Olympischen Winterspielen 1928 im Schweizer St. Moritz war er im ÖSV-Aufgebot, erlitt jedoch bei einem Trainingssprung einen Oberschenkelbruch. In den nächsten Jahren erzielte er noch mehrere gute Resultate, zog sich aber langsam von den Wettkämpfen zurück und beendete seine Ausbildung zum Zahnarzt.
Um sich vom Kleinstwagen Goggomobil zu lösen, erhielten die technisch unveränderten Wagen im November 1959 die Namen Isar T 600 bzw. Isar T 700. Gleichzeitig erschienen auch dreitürige Kombivarianten, die sich Isar K 600 und Isar K 700 nannten.
Zwischen Chuncheon und der Hauptstadt Seoul verläuft der Gyeongchun-Expressway. Durch diese Autobahn sind beide Städte mit nur wenig mehr als einer Stunde Autofahrt verbunden, gerechnet ab Stadtgrenze Seoul.
In den Jahren 2011 und 2012 wurden die Loks V 122, V 119 und V 118 verkauft. Dafür wurden zwei neue Streckendieselloks Voith Gravita 15L BB bestellt. Sie wurden als V 180 und V 181 im Januar und April 2013 ausgeliefert. Ebenfalls Ende 2012 wurden die verbliebenen MAN-Schienenbusse VT 5, VT 8, VT 9 und VS 14 an die Schwäbische Albbahn in Münsingen verkauft. 2015 wurden VT 44 und 45 an die SWEG ins Achertal abgegeben. Die Fahrzeuge wurden in das neue BaWü-Design umlackiert, innen modernisiert und als VT 533 und 534 in den Fahrzeugbestand der SWEG übernommen. Die Fahrzeuge bestreiten den Zugverkehr im Achertal auf der Achertalbahn (KBS 717).
In den Niederlanden wird zwischen dem Goudse boerenkaas (Gouda Bauernkäse), der traditionell auf verschiedenen Bauernhöfen hergestellt wird, und dem industriell hergestellten Goudse kaas unterschieden. Auch in Deutschland wird Gouda industriell produziert.
Nach der Volksschule besuchte Günter Friedrich die Oberschule und schloss mit dem Abitur ab. Danach absolvierte er von 1948 bis 1950 eine Lehre im Maurerhandwerk, anschließend ein berufspädagogisches Studium an der Universität Hamburg. Er legte 1953 sein Erstes und 1955 das Zweite Examen für das Lehramt an Berufsschulen ab. Von 1953 bis 1971 war er im Schuldienst des Landes Schleswig-Holstein tätig. Friedrich war seit 1959 Reservist der Bundeswehr und wurde bis 1973 bis zum Oberstleutnant der Reserve befördert.
Rättvik ist ein Fremdenverkehrsort. Die Kirche von Rättvik stammt aus dem 13. Jahrhundert, wurde aber im 18. Jahrhundert umgebaut. Bei der Kirche befinden sich etwa 100 Kirchenhütten und -ställe, teilweise aus dem 17. Jahrhundert. Auch heute noch rudert man im Sommer in traditionellen Kirchenbooten zur Sonntagsmesse.
Ursprünglich gehörte die Gegend um Kühberg und die Vorwerke an der Nordseite des Bärensteins zur Amtsseite von Königswalde. Den im Jahr 1525 erstmals urkundlich erwähnten Ort Bärenstein und das umliegende Gebiet erwarb der kursächsische Bergbeamte Hans Röhling im Jahr 1527 vom Kloster Grünhain als Erblehngut. Unter dem Kurfürsten Moritz von Sachsen (reg. 1547–1553) wurde das Röhlingsche Vorwerk vom Erbgut zum Mannlehngut erhoben. Gleichzeitig erhielt es auch niedere Gerichtsbarkeit. Damit wurden ihm die übrigen Ansiedler am Bärenstein zins- und fronpflichtig untertan und schieden aus der Zugehörigkeit zu Königswalde-Amtsseite aus. Kirchlich war das Gebiet um den Bärenstein zunächst in die katholische Kirche nach Schlettau gepfarrt. Nach dem Bau der Kirche in Königswalde-Ratsseite gehörten Bärenstein und Kühberg seit 1523 kirchlich zu Königswalde. Im Jahr 1529 erfolgte im Gebiet des Klosters Grünhain, das ernestinisch war, die Einführung der Reformation. Das albertinische Territorium östlich des Pöhlbachs blieb bis 1539 weiterhin katholisch. Die Kühberger auf der ernestinischen, evangelischen Seite des Pöhlbachs gingen somit in die albertinische, katholische Seite von Königswalde in den Gottesdienst. Der albertinische Herzog Georg von Sachsen schloss im Jahr 1530 die Königswalder Kirche, da er die neue Lehre auf seinem Territorium verbot. Die Kirche wurde erst nach seinem Tod im Jahr 1539 wieder geöffnet. Die Einwohner des unteren Ortsteils von Kühberg gingen später nach Königswalde, die des oberen Ortsteils nach Cranzahl in den Gottesdienst. Erst seit der Einweihung der Bärensteiner Erlöserkirche im Jahr 1655 war Kühberg nach Bärenstein gepfarrt.
Die Pflugschar ist ein altes Fleckenzeichen, die Rosen ein Mariensymbol (Hinweis auf Marienkirche). Die Farben sind dem Wappen der Grafen von Hohenberg entnommen.
Form und Inhalt von Gier sind nur schwer zu trennen wegen des Umstandes, dass es weder handelnde Personen noch eine tatsächliche Handlung gibt. Das Stück wird von der bilderreichen Sprache und deren Rhythmus getragen. Text folgt nicht logisch nachvollziehbar aufeinander, sondern ergänzt sich eher zu einem Konzert der vier Stimmen. Kane selbst gab an, dass sie beim Schreiben von Gier mehr vom Rhythmus als von der logischen Aufeinanderfolge der Sätze oder Satzfragmente abhing. Das Stück war ein musikalisches und dadurch berührendes Erlebnis für sie. Dennoch war sie der Idee eines Hörspiels von Gier abgeneigt, da sie die Anwesenheit von Personen auf der Bühne als essentiell ansah.
Die Drehbewegung erfolgt zu oberkörperbetont, das heißt, auf das in diesem Teil der Beschleunigungsphase Last tragende linke Bein wird nur ein geringer Teil des Gewichtes verlagert. Dadurch wird der Rest der Drehbewegung nicht mehr sanft genug.
Die beiden oberen Felder nehmen Bezug auf die Geschichte der Kirchengemeinde. Im rechten Teil ist der Schild des Domkapitels mit seinen charakteristischen roten Streifen auf silbernem (heute weißem) Grund dargestellt, ein Hinweis auf die früheren Besitzverhältnisse. Links daneben ist ein goldener Bischofsstab und drei goldene Kugeln auf blauem Untergrund zu sehen, die an den Schutzpatron St. Nikolaus erinnern sollen.
Feierle wurde als Sohn des aus Dornbirn stammenden Bauingenieurs Johann Anton Feierle (1889–1959) in Dornbirn geboren. Seine Mutter Maria Anna Sidonia Feierle (1897 –1985), geborene Albrich, war ebenfalls in Dornbirn geboren worden. Heinz Feierle heiratete 1968 Hermine Sonnweber (* 1931) und wurde 1969 Vater einer Tochter.
Zwischen 2007 und 2009 wurde der Innenraum der großen Arena komplett saniert. Dabei wurden die Sitze erneuert, VIP-Logen gebaut, eine neue Beschallungsanlage und ein Videowürfel installiert.
Der Rheinradweg ist ein Radfernweg, der durch vier Länder auf 1300 km vom Quellgebiet des Flusses bis zur Deltamündung führt. Die Fahrt nach Bingen und weiter ins Weltkulturerbe Mittelrheintal entlang der Rheinauen ist ein echtes Naturerlebnis.
1945 bis 1949 gehörte der Ort zur sowjetischen Besatzungszone und ab 1949 zur DDR. Von 1961 bis zur Wende und Wiedervereinigung 1989/1990 wurde Bernterode von der Sperrung der nahen innerdeutschen Grenze beeinträchtigt. Seit 1990 gehört der Ort zum wieder gegründeten Bundesland Thüringen.
Der Stoneman Miriquidi, die anspruchsvollste Mountainbikestrecke im Erzgebirge, verläuft auf dem Abschnitt Pöhlberg – Bärenstein durch den oberen Ortsteil von Kühberg.
Nach dem Ende seiner Amtszeit als Oberbürgermeister wurde ihm am 30. Dezember 1929 die Ehrenbürgerwürde Augsburgs verliehen. Im Augsburger Stadtteil Pfersee ist die Deutschenbaurstraße nach ihm benannt worden.
Von 1902 bis 1904 gehörte Zeschke dem Infanterieregiment Nr. 12 in Frankfurt (Oder) an. Anschließend arbeitete er als Maurerpolier. Als einziger Sohn übernahm er die kleine Landwirtschaft seiner Eltern und vergrößerte sie. Außerdem gründete er den Landbund des Landkreises Guben, dessen Vorstand er angehörte wie auch dem Vorstand des Brandenburgischen Landbundes. Ab August 1914 nahm Zeschke mit dem Infanterieregiment Nr. 52 bis 1917 am Ersten Weltkrieg teil.
Eine alte Überlieferung besagt, dass der Bildechinger Gemeinderat einst bei einer Waldbegehung eine Rast machte. Als sich die Mitglieder des Gemeinderates auf einen Baumstamm setzen wollten, hatten jedoch nicht alle darauf Platz. Man versuchte daraufhin den Block zu strecken, was auch gelang.
Verteidigungsausschuss als Untersuchungsausschuss "über das Verfahren wegen der gegen die Abgeordneten Berendsen, Dr. Blank (Oberhausen)und von Manteuffel (Neuß) erhobenen Vorwürfe" (1957)
Bereits ein Jahr später, 1861, entstanden die ersten Vorläufer der heutigen Briefmarkenkataloge. Der Brite Dr. John Edward Gray sowie der Straßburger Berger-Levrault entwickelten die ersten sogenannten Briefmarkenverzeichnisse. Zur selben Zeit kam es zur Gründung der ersten Briefmarkenvereine. In ihnen konnten Sammler zum ersten Mal ihre Erfahrungen und ihr Wissen sowie ihre Briefmarken austauschen.
Feierle trat 1963 der Österreichischen Volkspartei bzw. dem Wirtschaftsbund bei und wurde am 29. Oktober 1964 als Abgeordneter des Wahlbezirkes Feldkirch bzw. als Landtagsabgeordneter der ÖVP im Vorarlberger Landtag angelobt. Er gehörte dem Landtag bis zum 5. November 1979 an, wobei er ab 1969 Abgeordneter des Wahlbezirkes Dornbirn war und von 6. November 1979 bis zum 19. November 1979 kurzfristig nicht dem Landtag angehörte, am 20. November 1979 jedoch dem zum Landesrat gewählten Abgeordneten Elmar Rümmele nachfolgen konnte.
Am 15. März 2006 trat sie ihr Amt als Präsidentin der Hochschule Neu-Ulm an, das sie nach ihrer erneuten Wiederwahl im Dezember 2015 für eine dritte Amtsperiode bis zum Jahr 2021 ausüben wird.Anfang 2016 wurde Feser im Hochschulzentrum Vöhlinschloss in Illertissen zur neuen Vorsitzenden des Hochschulverbundes „Hochschule Bayern e.V.“ gewählt, in dessen Vorstand sie bereits seit 2012 vier Jahre lang als stellvertretende Vorsitzende vertreten gewesen war.
Die Gegend von Kühberg war vermutlich schon im 14. Jahrhundert besiedelt. Im Waldgebiet links des Pöhlbachs zwischen Königswalde und Kühberg soll sich ein Silberbergwerk mit dem Namen „Berghäusel“ befunden haben, das zur Zeit der Hussitenkriege zwischen 1426 und 1429 zerstört wurde. Gleichzeitig mit dem Bergwerk wurde auch die dazugehörige Siedlung „Berghäusel“ an der Preßnitzer Straße (im 19. Jahrhundert: Salzstraße bzw. Paßstraße genannt) zerstört. Der Name Berghäusel ging in der Folgezeit auf das Waldgebiet über, in dem das Bergwerk und die Siedlung lagen. Gemeinsam mit der böhmischen Stadt Preßnitz wurde der durch die Ortslage führende Preßnitzer Pass (Preßnitzer Straße) im Jahr 1335 erstmals urkundlich erwähnt. Dieser führte ursprünglich von Halle (Saale) über Altenburg, Zwickau, Hartenstein, Grünhain und Zwönitz nach Schlettau, wo die obere Zschopau gequert wurde. Anschließend führte der Weg über Sehma und Kühberg in das Tal des Pöhlbachs, wo dieser in Höhe des Blechhammers über die „Böhmische Brücke“ passiert wurde. Seitdem die böhmische Herrschaft Schlettau im Jahr 1413 an das Kloster Grünhain gefallen war, verlief hier die sächsisch-böhmische Grenze. Der Blechhammer jenseits des Bachs gehörte zum Weiperter Ortsteil Grund. Von dort führte der Preßnitzer Pass weiter über Weipert (heute: Vejprty), Pleil (heute: Černý Potok) und Preßnitz (heute im Staubereich der Talsperre Preßnitz liegend) nach Reischdorf (heute: Rusová), in dessen Ortslage er sich in Richtung Kaaden (heute: Kadaň) und Kralupp (heute: Kralupy u Chomutova) verzweigte.
Nach dem Abitur arbeitete er in Palästina als Zollfahnder. Ende der 1940er Jahre nahm er an der École nationale supérieure des beaux-arts de Paris ein Studium der Malerei auf. Eine Begegnung mit Werner Friedmann, dem Chefredakteur der Süddeutschen Zeitung, der mit der Familie bereits seit den 1920ern bekannt war, bewog Freudenreich zur Rückkehr nach München.
Ferdinand Hochstetter: Gesammelte Reise-Berichte von der Erdumsegelung der Fregatte „Novara“ (1857–1859). Eduard Hölzel, Wien 1885, Digitalisat
1989 erhielt er die William Prager Medal und außerdem erhielt er die Nadai Medal. 1987 wurde er Fellow der National Academy of Engineering. Für 2013 wurde ihm die Timoschenko-Medaille zugesprochen.
Für den Bau der Bahnstrecke von Annaberg nach Weipert wurde der seit 1844 nicht mehr genutzte Annaberger Floßgraben verfüllt und auf ihm Gleise verlegt. Kühberg erhielt an der im Jahr 1872 eröffneten Strecke erst am 15. Dezember 1896 einen eigenen Haltepunkt im Ortszentrum.Im Jahr 1884 wurde in Kühberg eine Freiwillige Feuerwehr gegründet, die durch Gemeindebeschluss im Jahr 1894 wieder aufgelöst wurde. Ab 1895 existierte in Kühberg einer von drei Löschzügen der Pflichtfeuerwehr von Bärenstein. Daneben wurde im Jahr 1911 die Freiwillige Feuerwehr Kühberg wiedergegründet. Nachdem die Bärensteiner Pflichtfeuerwehr im Jahr 1925 aufgelöst wurde, erfolgte im Jahr 1936 der Zusammenschluss der Freiwilligen Feuerwehren von Mittelbärenstein, Kühberg und Stahlberg zur Freiwilligen Feuerwehr Bärenstein. Bereits ein Jahr zuvor erhielt Kühberg ein neues Spritzenhaus. In den Jahren 1901/02 entstand die Straße von Königswalde nach Kühberg im Tal des Pöhlbachs.Mit der Eingliederung des Sudetenlands in das Deutsche Reich entfiel im Oktober 1938 die Staatsgrenze nach Weipert. In Auswirkung des Zweiten Weltkriegs wurde im Jahr 1945 der Fußgängerübergang über die „Böhmische Brücke“ zwischen Kühberg und dem Blechhammer in dem zu Weipert (nach 1945 in Vejprty umbenannt) gehörigen Ortsteil Grund geschlossen. Nach 1945 erfolgte der Abriss des Ortsteils Grund samt den Ruinen des 1945/46 abgebrannten Blechhammers auf tschechischer Seite.Durch die zweite Kreisreform in der DDR kam Kühberg als Teil der Gemeinde Bärenstein im Jahr 1952 zum Kreis Annaberg im Bezirk Chemnitz (1953 in Bezirk Karl-Marx-Stadt umbenannt), der ab 1990 als sächsischer Landkreis Annaberg fortgeführt wurde und 2008 im Erzgebirgskreis aufging. Nach der politischen Wende wurde der Straßen- und Schienen-Grenzübergang von Bärenstein ins benachbarte tschechische Vejprty wieder geöffnet. Der Grenzübergang im unteren Ortsteil von Kühberg blieb jedoch geschlossen. In der Gegenwart existiert lediglich ein grenzüberschreitender Fußweg über den Pöhlbach zur „Anton-Günther-Ruh“ in der verschwundenen Siedlung Grund. Der Haltepunkt Kühberg an der Bahnstrecke Vejprty–Annaberg-Buchholz unt Bf wurde aufgrund der geringen Frequentierung am 27. September 1998 aufgelassen. Der durch den Ort führende Streckenabschnitt wird seit dem 1. Mai 2016 nur noch als befristetes touristisches Angebot in den Sommermonaten befahren. Am 1. Dezember 2008 wurde Kühberg der Status als Gemeindeteil aberkannt.
Erst langsam begann man, sich mit den Briefmarken genauer zu befassen. Die Zahl der Briefmarken, die zur damaligen Zeit ausgegeben wurden, war noch sehr klein. Für den damaligen Sammler war es selbstverständlich, sogenannte Generalsammlungen anzulegen. Dies bedeutet, dass der Philatelist alle Briefmarken der Welt in seine Sammlung aufnahm. Dies wäre heutzutage bei der Masse der verschiedenen Briefmarkenausgaben undenkbar. In den frühen Anfangsjahren standen dem Philatelisten noch keinerlei Hilfsmittel oder Aufbewahrungsmöglichkeiten, wie Briefmarkenalben, zur Verfügung, was dazu führte, dass die Briefmarken oft durch unsachgemäße Aufbewahrung oder das behelfsmäßige Aufkleben postfrischer Marken beschädigt oder sogar zerstört wurden.
Im Oktober 2009 wechselte der vereinslose Zuma nach Dänemark zum FC Nordsjælland, um nur einige Monate darauf in sein Heimatland zurückzukehren. Nach einem erfolgreich verlaufenden Probetraining unterschrieb Zuma Ende Juli 2010 beim südafrikanischen Erstligisten Vasco da Gama einen Vertrag mit einer Laufzeit bis zum Saisonende.Seit der Saison 2011/12 spielt Zuma für SuperSport United. Dort spielte er drei Jahre lang, ehe er seine Karriere verletzungsbedingt beendete. Im Jahr 2016 wurde bekannt, dass er finanzielle Probleme hat.
11. April: Wilhelm von Oranien und seine Ehefrau Maria II. werden in London in der ersten und bis heute einzigen Doppelkrönung gemeinsam gekrönt.
ab 1821: Deutscher Bund, Großherzogtum Hessen, Provinz Oberhessen, Landratsbezirk Grünberg (Trennung zwischen Justiz (Landgericht Gießen) und Verwaltung)
In Südtirol hatte sich 1945 ein lokaler Ableger der italienischen Einheitsgewerkschaft CGIL, die Arbeiterkammer, etabliert, deren Führungsgremium nach dem Vorbild der italienischen CGIL nach dem politischen Kräfteverhältnis besetzt war. Allerdings bezog sich die Parität ausschließlich auf die Zugehörigkeit zu einer der politischen Richtungen in der Einheitsgewerkschaft, keineswegs auf eine Vertretung nach Volksgruppen: nicht einer der leitenden Angestellten war Deutscher, bzw. stammte aus Südtirol selbst. Die mangelnde Vertretung der deutschen Arbeiterschaft und die starken parteipolitischen Spannungen innerhalb der Südtiroler CGIL führten zum Bruch der Gewerkschaftseinheit in Südtirol noch vor der Gewerkschaftsspaltung auf staatlicher Ebene.
Bislang kaum beschrieben wurde der brisante politische Hintergrund der Reise, die allfällige Kolonialisierung der damals in dänischem Besitz befindlichen Nikobaren. Dieser Aspekt wurde in den einschlägigen Publikationen nach erheblichen Umwälzungen in der Monarchie weitgehend ausgeblendet. Erst das 2010 erschienene Buch befasst sich ausführlich damit.
Die English Ell, Englische Elle, war neben der French Ell (Aune) und der Flemish Ell (Flämischen Elle) eines der Längenmaße, die in England nur als Maße in der Textilbranche genutzt wurden. Diese drei Ellenmaße existierten neben dem Yard und werden in der Literatur zu den englischen Maßen gerechnet.
G. C. Conley aus Chicago in Illinois stellte 1914 einige Automobile her. Der Markenname lautete Conley. Insgesamt entstanden nur wenige Fahrzeuge.
III. Bonaventura Guilleaume (1811–1857; Kaufmann in Köln, Gutsbesitzer und Posthalter in Engelskirchen) ∞ Amalie Kotz (1815–1873; Tochter von Heinrich Kotz und Katharina Heuser)
Wegen seiner innenpolitischen Konflikte hat Dietrich kriegerische äußere Auseinandersetzungen möglichst vermieden. Nicht ganz verschont blieb das Hochstift durch den Durchmarsch fremder Truppen im spanisch-niederländischen Krieg. Durch hohe Zahlungen erkaufte der Bischof den Abzug der Eindringlinge.
Friedrich engagierte sich ehrenamtlich unter anderem von 1966 bis 1983 als Kirchenältester und Propstei-Synodaler der Propstei Rantzau, er war Bundesvorstandsmitglied der Pommerschen Landsmannschaft und von 1990 bis 1999 Sprecher der Pommerschen Landsmannschaft. In dieser Eigenschaft setzte er sich nachdrücklich für die Verständigung mit Polen ein. Er war ferner Vorsitzender der Ostseegesellschaft und bis 2007 jahrelanges Mitglied der Stolper Heimatkreisausschüsse, 2008 wurde ihm die Ehrenmitgliedschaft verliehen.
Der ukrainische-kanadische Linguist Jaroslaw Bohdan Rudnyckyj (Jaroslav Rudnyckyj) klassifizierte die Transliterationen-Varianten zum ukrainischen Alphabet in verschiedene Systeme, wie in ein wissenschaftliches System, was vorwiegend in akademischen und vor allem bei sprachlichen Werken verwendet wird, und praktische Systeme, die hauptsächlich in Verwaltung, Journalismus, Post, Schulen, etc. angewendet werden sollten.
Der Höhepunkt war das gewaltsame Vorgehen gegen die Stadt Paderborn. Bereits seit langem gab es Streit um die landesherrliche Gerichtsbarkeit in der Stadt. Dazu kam es ab 1588 sogar zu einem Prozess vor dem Reichskammergericht. Der Bischof hatte zur Stärkung seiner Macht in Paderborn die sozialen Gegensätze in der Stadt genutzt, um das Patriziat zu schwächen. Im Jahr 1603 griff er sogar in die Wahl des Rates ein. Im Jahr 1604 setzten sich allerdings die antibischöflichen Kräfte durch. Die Stadt war indes weitgehend isoliert, das Domkapitel verließ Paderborn, die Ritterschaft blieb passiv und Unterstützung gab es nur von wenigen anderen Städten. Inzwischen zog Johann von Rietberg im Auftrage des Bischofs Truppen zusammen. Vergeblich bemühte sich Paderborn bei Landgraf Moritz von Hessen-Kassel um militärische Unterstützung. Es kam zum Abschluss eines Schutzvertrages mit der Ritterschaft und den Städten Brakel, Lügde und Steinheim. Zu einem regelrechten Krieg kam es indes nicht, da die in sich zerstrittene Stadt sich kampflos ergab. Der protestantische Bürgermeister Liborius Wichert wurde gevierteilt und der Leichnam an den Stadttoren aufgehängt. Paderborn verlor weitgehend und auf Dauer die in Jahrhunderten erreichte Selbständigkeit an den Bischof. Nur vorübergehend konnte sich danach in der Stadt noch der Protestantismus halten.
Um zu verhindern, dass die böse Macht die Welt erobert, müssen Amos der Teddybär, Skippy das Kaninchen, der Gestiefelte Kater, Einstein der Elefant, Karamell die Hündin und der Alte, eine Stoffpuppe mit dem Aussehen eines alten Mannes, zu Martha Miller gehen, damit sie zu Vater Isaaks Nachfolgerin wird. Martha Miller muss noch in derselben Nacht die Nachfolge antreten, dann sind nicht nur die Stofftiere, sondern auch die Welt gerettet.
Druckausgaben Jakob Klatzkin, Ismar Elbogen (Hrsg.): Encyclopaedia Judaica. Das Judentum in Geschichte und Gegenwart. 10 Bände, Eschkol Publikations Gesellschaft, Berlin 1928–1934.
„Einen Film zu drehen bedarf normalerweise einer intensiven Vorbereitung und einer hinreichenden Finanzierung. Fehlen diese Voraussetzungen, wird es eine Reise ins Ungewisse. Aber in dieser Krise liegt die Chance. Realisiert auf engstem Raum und durch Krankheit limitierte Zeit, thematisiert der Film eine Freundschaft und bilanziert Beziehungen. Ein filmisches Experiment. Gut, wenn es den Mut und die Möglichkeit gibt zum Experimentieren.“
Das Mainzer Zentralklärwerk wurde 1960 errichtet. Das Mombacher Hallenbad wurde 1970 seiner Bestimmung übergeben, 1975 wurde das Freibad mit 70000 m² Grünfläche und 180 Bäumen eröffnet. Seit 2006 arbeitet es unter Trägerschaft des Mainzer Schwimmvereins von 1901.Im Jahr 2006 konnten die Mombacher ihr 750-jähriges Jubiläum feiern. Diese Feier geht auf eine urkundliche Erwähnung von 1256 zurück, der Ort ist aber mit Sicherheit älter.
Die Kritiken zu Stich-Meister fielen sehr unterschiedlich, zum überwiegenden Teil jedoch positiv aus. Allgemeines Lob gab es für die Qualität, die Gestaltung und den Umfang des Spielmaterials und auch die Grundidee mit den variablen Spielregeln empfanden viele Rezensenten als sehr reizvoll und interessant. Auf geteilte Meinungen stieß dagegen die Umsetzung dieses Konzepts: Durch den zum Teil sehr starken Einfluss mancher Regelkarten auf den Spielverlauf seien Planung und taktisches Vorgehen kaum möglich. Auch erfordere das Spiel eine gewisse Einarbeitungszeit und ein höheres Maß an Konzentration, um das bisweilen komplexe Zusammenspiel der Regelkarten verstehen zu können. Den Spielablauf empfanden einige Rezensenten letztlich als zu zufällig und frustrierend, um Spaß machen zu können, nach Meinung anderer würde ebendieses „Chaos“ zum Unterhaltungswert beitragen.Bei der Wahl für den „À-la-carte-Kartenspielpreis 2011“ erreichte Stich-Meister den zweiten Platz, der erste Platz ging an 7 Wonders von Antoine Bauza.
Die American Football-Abteilung des TSV Schott Mainz, die Mainz Golden Eagles (MGE), spielt mit mehreren Mannschaften in verschiedenen Alters- und Leistungsklassen. Die Heimspiele finden auf der Bezirkssportanlage statt.
Die Liste der Straßennamen von Soltau listet alle Straßen der Stadt Soltau inklusive der 16 zugehörigen Ortsteile auf. Die Liste enthält neben dem Straßennamen und der Zuordnung zu einem Ortsteil außerdem eine kurze Erklärung zur Herkunft des Namens und das Datum der Straßenwidmung, dies ist gerade bei älteren Straßen jedoch nicht mit dem Tag der erstmaligen Benennung oder dem Bau der Straße zu verwechseln.
Diverses recherches archéologiques en Afghanistan 1933–1940, avec la collaboration de Jean Carl et J. Meunié; avec des études de Roman Ghirshman et Jean-Claude Gardin, avant-propos par Philippe Stern (= Mémoires de la Délégation archéologique française en Afghanistan Bd. 8). Presses universitaires de France, Paris 1959.
Der Ort mit heute fast 14.000 Einwohnern entwickelte sich durch die Industrialisierung zur Mitte des 19. Jahrhunderts zu einer wohlhabenden Industriegemeinde im Großherzogtum Hessen, die im Jahr 1907 von der Stadt Mainz eingemeindet wurde. Seit der Rezession der 1970er Jahre und den damit verbundenen Werksschließungen durchläuft Mombach einen Strukturwandel zum Wohn- und Gewerbestandort. Aus jener Zeit stammt auch der hohe Ausländeranteil. Mit 25,1 Prozent gemeldeter Ausländer und einem zweistelligen Prozentsatz gemeldeter Deutscher mit Migrationshintergrund ist Mombach der Mainzer Ortsbezirk mit dem höchsten Bevölkerungsanteil mit Migrationshintergrund. Mombach ist direkt über Mainz oder über die Autobahn A 643 aus allen Richtungen, Anschlussstelle Mainz-Mombach oder Mainz-Gonsenheim, zu erreichen. Das Naturschutzgebiet Mainzer Sand liegt zu einem Großsteil in der Gemarkung und der angrenzende Lennebergwald erweitert die zur Erholung geeignete Fläche. Das Mombacher Rheinufer mit seinem Naturschutzgebiet und den Wassersportvereinen ergänzt das Erholungsangebot.
Die U-20-Fußball-Afrikameisterschaft (engl. African U-20 Championship) oder auch Junioren-Fußballafrikameisterschaft ist ein Fußballturnier zwischen den besten Mannschaften Afrikas für männliche Fußballspieler unter 20; bis 2001 unter 21 Jahren. Der Wettbewerb wird vom afrikanischen Fußballverband Confédération africaine de football (CAF) organisiert. Er findet alle zwei Jahre statt und dient gleichzeitig als Qualifikationsturnier für die Junioren-(U-20)-Fußballweltmeisterschaft, wobei sich seit 1997 jeweils die besten vier Teams für die WM qualifizieren, wenn kein afrikanisches Land Gastgeber ist. Im Falle eines afrikanischen Gastgebers kann sich auch das fünftbeste Team noch qualifizieren, wenn der Gastgeber unter den vier besten Mannschaften ist, z. B. nahm Mali als 5. der Afrikameisterschaft an der WM 1999 in Nigeria teil und erreichte dort als Dritter die beste Platzierung aller afrikanischen Mannschaften.
Jamal Malik: Islamische Gelehrtenkultur in Nordindien. Entwicklungsgeschichte und Tendenzen am Beispiel von Lucknow. Leiden: E.J. Brill 1997 (Online-Auszug)
Mietshauskomplexe Am Suderbrunnen 6, Emrichruhstraße 49/51/53, Pestalozzistraße 20/22/24, Zeystraße 15/17, 19: aus zu Doppelhäusern zusammengestellten Zweispännern, schlichter Heimatstil der 1920er Jahre, Dokument der Mainzer SozialgeschichteSiehe auch: Liste der Kulturdenkmäler in Mainz-Mombach
Nachdem 1931 die Kalischächte und die Chlorkaliumfabrik geschlossen wurden, begann man 1936 den Bau einer Heeresmunitionsanstalt und produzierte ab 1938 Munition. Im Zweiten Weltkrieg wurde auf dem Werksgelände an der B 80 ein durch Stacheldraht umzäuntes Lager mit fünf Baracken errichtet, in dem ab 1943 200 Franzosen, dazu später Zwangsarbeiter aus der Ukraine und Russland sowie 50 italienische Militärinternierte untergebracht wurden, die schwerste Zwangsarbeit leisten mussten. Als im März 1945 die näher rückende Front den Berliner Raum bedrohte, wurden die Särge Paul von Hindenburgs und seiner Frau sowie der Könige Friedrich Wilhelm I. und Friedrich II. von Preußen in den Schacht ausgelagert sowie die Fahnen und Standarten des deutschen Heeres von 1914–1918, die Akten des Auswärtigen Amtes, des Katasteramtes Kassel, Bilder aus preußischen staatlichen Museen, die Bibliothek von Sanssouci, die preußischen Kronjuwelen, wertvolles Porzellan und 271 Gemälde. Amerikanische Truppen, die Bernterode in der Endphase des Kriegs besetzt hatten, überführten das Auslagerungsgut größtenteils in den Marburger Central Collecting Point in der US-amerikanischen Besatzungszone, bevor sie den Ort zum 2. Juli 1945 zugunsten der Sowjetarmee räumten.
Zunächst bringt der Sportler den Diskus mit gestrecktem Wurfarm dazu, möglichst weit nach rechts hinten etwas über Schulterhöhe zu schwingen (Anschwung). Die Schwungbewegung sollte locker und ruhig ausgeführt werden. Kopf, Rumpf und Gegenarm unterstützen diese Bewegung. Der Oberkörper bleibt aufrecht.
Kleinschönbach ist eine Wüstung auf der Gemarkung der unterfränkischen Stadt Prichsenstadt. Der Weiler war bis ins 15. Jahrhundert besiedelt, ehe die Bevölkerung in die nahegelegene Stadt umsiedelte. Der Grund war wohl eine Zerstörung des Dorfes.
Die steigende Zahl philatelistischer Vereine führte zu zahlreichen Zusammenschlüssen. In Deutschland ist dies heute der Bund Deutscher Philatelisten, in Österreich der Verband Österreichischer Philatelistenvereine und in der Schweiz der Verband Schweizerischer Philatelistenvereine.
Seit 2010 ist Gouda Holland als geschützte geographische Angabe (g.g.A.) eingetragen und auf diese Weise herkunftsrechtlich EU-weit geschützt. Noord-Hollandse Gouda wiederum ist seit 2006 als geschützte Ursprungsbezeichnung (g.U.) eingetragen.
1896 wurde Chuncheon im Zuge der Wiederherstellung der koreanischen Provinzen Hauptstadt Gangwon-dos. Bis zur Auflösung der koreanischen Provinzen im Jahr 1895 war das weiter südlich gelegene Wonju Provinzhauptstadt gewesen.
2000 Heinrich-Finkelstein Preis, Norddeutsche Gesellschaft für Kinderheilkunde und Jugendmedizin, Lübeck 1998 Young Investigator Award, American Association of Cancer Research, New Orleans, USA
Georg Modestin: „Von den hexen, so in Wallis verbrant wurdent.“ Eine wieder entdeckte Handschrift mit dem Bericht des Chronisten Hans Fründ über eine Hexenverfolgung im Wallis (1428). In: Vallesia. 60, 2005, S. 399–410 (PDF: 4,5 MB).
Im Jahr 1862 kam es zur Ausgabe der ersten philatelistischen Fachzeitschriften – zuerst erschien am 15. Dezember 1862 im Geburtsland der Philatelie „The Monthly Advertiser“.
Mittlerweile hatte Hernan Cortez von Mexiko aus drei Schiffe mit 110 Mann zur Rettung der Loaísa-Expedition ausgesandt. Die von Alvaro de Saavedra Cerón geleitete Expedition erreichte im März 1528 zwar Tidore, Saavedra hatte bei der Überfahrt aber bereits zwei Schiffe verloren und konnte militärisch nicht zu Gunsten der Spanier eingreifen. Er nahm die 24 Überlebenden der Loaísa-Expedition auf und segelte am 3. Juni unverrichteter Dinge wieder ab.
Im August findet in Zusammenarbeit mit Rabenau, Staufenberg und Lollar ein autofreier Sonntag im Lumdatal statt. Auch diese Veranstaltung erfreut sich großer Beliebtheit.
Die ursprüngliche Pfarrkirche von Mombach war St. Theonest im Gartenfeld. Das Dorf und seine Gemarkung lag in der stiftischen Immunität von St. Peter. Es wird vermutet, dass die alte Nikolauskapelle den Verwüstungen des pfälzischen Erbfolgekriegs zum Opfer fiel. Als Ersatz wurde am 19. August 1703 die erste Nikolauskirche durch den Mainzer Weihbischof Johann Edmund Gedult von Jungenfeld geweiht und damit Mombach vom Stiftsadel in St. Peter unabhängig. Der Domvikar Heinrich Georg de La Roche hatte kurz vor seinem Tod die hierzu notwendige Finanzierung in Form einer Stiftung von 1000 Talern geleistet. Am 14. Dezember 1700 wurde die Vereinbarung zwischen Petersstift und Gemeinde geschlossen. Die Kirche unterstand der Oberaufsicht des Mainzer Dompropsts. Während der darauffolgenden Zeit wurde ein neues Rathaus und ein Schulhaus errichtet. Mitte des 18. Jahrhunderts setzte unter den Adeligen eine Begeisterung für das Landleben ein, wovon Mombach profitieren konnte. Belege hierfür sind z. B. die Anlage des „Walderdorfschen Geländes“, die „Kesselstadtsche Anlage“ und das „Rondell“.
Der Große Sand zählt zu den bedeutendsten Naturschutzgebieten in Europa. Aufgrund seiner klimatisch günstigen Lage und den kalkhaltigen Flugsanden konnte sich hier eine einzigartige Flora und Fauna erhalten. Es handelt sich um eine postglaziale Reliktflora mit Arten, deren Hauptverbreitung heute im osteuropäischen bis zentralasiatischen sowie im mediterranen Raum liegt.
Bei der Landtagswahl am 23. April 1967 wurde Friedrich als Direktkandidat der CDU im Wahlkreis 18 (Elmshorn) zum ersten Mal in den schleswig-holsteinischen Landtag gewählt. Bei den Wahlen in den Jahren 1971, 1975 und 1979 konnte er den Wahlkreis jeweils wieder gewinnen und sein Mandat behaupten. Er war somit vom 16. Mai 1967 bis zum 12. April 1983 ununterbrochen Mitglied des Landtags. Nachdem er 1983 aus dem Landtag ausschied, war er bis 1984 Referent im Kultusministerium. Am 14. Januar 1985 wurde er als Nachrücker nochmals Landtagsabgeordneter, bis er zum Ende der Legislaturperiode am 2. Oktober 1987 aus dem Parlament ausschied. Im Landtag war Friedrich Mitglied zahlreicher Ausschüsse, Untersuchungsausschüsse und Gremien, unter anderem war er Vorsitzender des Eingabenausschusses von 1975 bis 1983, Mitglied in den Ausschüssen für Jugend und Sport, Jugendfragen bzw. Kultur, Jugend und Sport während seiner gesamten Zeit als Abgeordneter, im Volksbildungsausschuss von 1967 bis 1979, sowie im Landeswahlausschuss von 1971 bis 1983.
Fünf Sterne wurde mit dem Heiner-Carow-Preis auf der 67. Internationale Filmfestspiele Berlin (Berlinale) ausgezeichnet. Die Jury-Begründung:
Heute unterhält die igm Robotersysteme mehr als 20 Tochterunternehmen, unter anderem in Deutschland, Großbritannien, den USA, Russland und China. Die Produktpalette umfasst kundenspezifische Lösungen für automatisierte Schweiß- und Schneidprozesse.
Eine große Verbreitung erreichten Unterflurmotoren dagegen im Eisenbahnwesen. Durch den Einbau der kompletten Antriebsanlage unter dem Fahrzeugboden geht so bei Triebwagen kein Platz im Fahrgastraum verloren. Auch wird der Geräuschpegel im Fahrzeuginnenraum klein gehalten. Mit Unterflurmotoren der Firma Büssing waren z.B. sämtliche Schienenbusse der Deutschen Bundesbahn (DB) ausgestattet.
Im Güterverkehr übernimmt die HzL bereits seit 1990 die Traktion der Salz-Ganzzüge von Stetten (b. Haigerloch) auf DB-Strecken bis nach Ulm. Ferner führt die HzL den Flächengüterverkehr zwischen Tübingen, Sigmaringen, Bad Saulgau und Schelklingen in Kooperation mit der Deutschen Bahn (DB Cargo) durch.
Die Bibliothek von Exeter von Louis I. Kahn (Exeter, New Hampshire, USA / Louis I. Kahn). Produktion 2015, Erstausstrahlung am 29. Oktober 2017.
Bei der Universiade 2003 in Daegu gewann sie die Goldmedaille über die 200 Meter. Im Jahr darauf nahm sie an den Olympischen Spielen in Athen teil, wo sie über 200 Meter das Viertelfinale erreichte.
In den 90ern setzte sie ihre Arbeit mit neuen Kunst- und Medienformen fort. Die elektronische Arbeit "Marbelize" zeigte Schloss auf der internationalen Digital und Technology Ausstellung, der ISEA, in Rotterdam, Holland.
Die Dokumentationsreihe wird von ARTE France und der französischen Produktionsfirma Les Films d’Ici, sowie durch verschiedene französische Museen koproduziert bzw. mitfinanziert. Kooperationspartner sind das Musée du Louvre, le ministère de la Culture et de la Communication (Direction de l’architecture et du patrimoine), le centre Pompidou, la Cité de l’architecture et du patrimoine, le musée d’Orsay und die Fundació Mies van der Rohe. Neuere Folgen wurden darüber hinaus von deutschen Rundfunkanstalten mitproduziert.
14. Oktober: Adolf Johann I., schwedischer Reichsmarschall, Herzog von Stegeborg und Pfalz-Kleeburg (* 1629) 13. November: Philipp von Zesen, deutscher Barockdichter (* 1619)
Borgeaud begann seine Karriere 2013 bei Canberra Heat. 2015 wechselte der Zuspieler zum Schweizer Erstligisten VBC Einsiedeln. Nach einer Saison kehrte der australische Juniorennationalspieler nach Canberra zurück. 2017 wechselte er nach Solingen zum deutschen Bundesligisten Bergische Volleys.
Christensen studierte an der University of Utah Bauingenieurwesen mit dem Bachelor-Abschluss 1955 und an der Yale University mit dem Master-Abschluss 1956 und der Promotion in Mechanik 1961. Zuvor arbeitete er in der Luftfahrtindustrie bei General Dynamics (Convair, 1956–1958) und nach der Promotion bei TRW Systems (1961–1964). 1962 wurde er Lecturer an der University of Southern California und 1964 Assistant Professor an der University of California, Berkeley. 1967 bis 1974 war er Ingenieur bei Shell. 1974 wurde er Professor an der Washington University, 1976 an der University of California, Davis und gleichzeitig Mitglied des Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory und ab 1994 hatte er eine Professur für Aeronautik und Astronautik an der Stanford University.
1942 kamen die Flugzeuge via Indien in China an. Die chinesischen Vanguards trugen sowohl die Insignien und Seriennummern der USAAF als auch chinesische Markierungen sowie die Seriennummern von Vultee. Bereits beim Transit der Flugzeuge wurden jedoch zahlreiche Vanguards bei Versuchsflügen in Indien zerstört oder gingen während der Überführung nach China verloren. Einige montierte P-66 wurden als nicht flugtauglich erklärt und in Karatschi aufgegeben, so dass schließlich nur zwölf Vanguards bei der 7. Staffel der 23rd Fighter Group in Kunming stationiert waren, wo sie selten zum Einsatz kamen. Zwei chinesische Geschwader der 3. und 5. Gruppe in An-Su flogen ab August 1943 Einsätze mit Vanguards. Zahlreiche P-66 wurden jedoch durch Angriffe der Japaner am Boden zerstört. Andere wurden irrtümlich mit japanischen Nakajima Ki-43 und Ki-44 verwechselt und abgeschossen. Obwohl die Vanguard bis zu 550 km/h schnell flog, war sie den agilen japanischen Jägern im Kurvenkampf nicht gewachsen und musste sich mit einer Hit-and-Run-Taktik begnügen.
In einem ca. 40 m langen, ca. 1000 m vom Nordportal bei Pratteln entfernten Tunnelabschnitt wurden im Fels Deformationen (Hebungen) registriert. Diese resultierten auf Bergwasser im Übergang von Anhydrit zu Gips. Der Quelldruck des Gebirges führte zu Hebungen von 6 bis 7 cm und ovalisierte das Innengewölbe leicht. An dieser Stelle hatte sich beim TBM-Vortrieb ein Tagbruch ereignet. Die Überdeckung ist dort deshalb inhomogen und vermutlich leicht Wasser führend. Der Tunnel wird in diesem Bereich speziell überwacht.
Seit dem Jahr 2000 ist verstärkt zu beobachten, dass Briefmarkenfälschungen zum Verkauf gebracht werden. Die Fälschungen werden insbesondere unter dem Namen von Ländern verkauft, in denen die staatliche Ordnung zusammengebrochen ist, wozu mehrere afrikanische Länder gehören. Über verschiedene Internetauktionshäuser werden zudem zahlreiche Produkte mit Bezeichnungen von russischen Gebieten – oft mit dem Zusatz „Regionalmarken“ – angeboten. Hergestellt werden diese im philatelistischen Sinn wertlosen Fälschungen in professionellen Druckereien; sie sind von echten Briefmarken daher nicht zu unterscheiden.
David B. Levy: The making of the Encyclopaedia Judaica and the Jewish Encyclopedia. In: Proceedings of the 37th Annual Convention of the Association of Jewish Libraries Denver 2002 (Digitalisat).
Conservenfabrik von W. NägeliDurch die beginnende Industrialisierung dominierten im 19. Jahrhundert vor allem die Waggonfabrik und das benachbarte Schott Werk die Wirtschaft in Mombach. Der Standort Waggonfabrik hat eine wechselhafte Geschichte hinter sich: Das Gelände diente zunächst als Fabrik für Chaissen (Fa. Gebrüder Gastell), dann als Waggon-Werk (Fa. Westwaggon), als Sonderfahrzeug- und Omnibus Werk (Fa. Magirus-Deutz; später Fa. Iveco) und schließlich bis Anfang der 1990er Jahre als Panzerwerk (Fa. MIP Mainz Industries Panzerwerke). Nach dem Scheitern des Konversionsprojektes wurde das Gelände an die TRIWO, dann an Beos verkauft. Die auf dem Gelände befindliche Phoenix Halle (heute Halle 45) dient als Veranstaltungsort für Konzerte und andere Künstler.
Die wichtigsten Produzenten von Hüttenzinn waren 2007 die Volksrepublik China (151.000 Tonnen), Indonesien (78.000 Tonnen) und Peru (36.000 Tonnen), deren Anteil zusammen 76,6 Prozent der weltweit erzeugten 346.000 Tonnen betrug. Bedeutende Produzenten von Hüttenzinn in Europa sind Belgien und Russland.
Der Begriff Philatelie wurde von Georges Herpin in der fünften Ausgabe der Pariser Briefmarkensammlerzeitschrift Le Collectionneur de timbres-postes vom 15. November 1864 geprägt als Zusammensetzung aus den griechischen Wörtern φίλος phílos „Freund“ und ἀτελής atelēs „lasten-/steuerfrei“ oder des Substantivs ἀτέλεια atéleia „Abgabenfreiheit“.
evangelische Friedenskirche (1911), Baugruppe in neuklassizistisch geprägtem Jugendstil von Reinhold Weisse, Saalbau, Pfarrhaus mit Walmdach, Schwesternhaus mit Krüppelwalmdach;
Zum Schutz dieser wichtigen Handelsstraße nach Böhmen befand sich auf dem Schloßstein südlich von Kühberg eine befestigte Anlage. Sie lag in der Nähe des heutigen Eisenbahntunnels. Der Felssporn am Schloßstein bot einen guten Überblick über den gesamten Verlauf der ehemaligen Passstraße vom Kühberger Berg über die Furt im Tal des Pöhlbachs am späteren Blechhammer und über den gesamten gegenüberliegenden Hang hinauf bis zum Forsthaus am „Berghof“. Die Anlage auf dem Schloßstein wurde jedoch bereits im 14. Jahrhundert wieder aufgegeben. Von ihr sind keine Überreste mehr vorhanden. Das Gebiet um den Schloßstein war außerdem ein Grenzwinkel. Westlich des Pöhlbachs lag flussabwärts die sächsische Herrschaft Wolkenstein mit der Ratsseite von Königswalde. Dieses gehörte seit der Leipziger Teilung im Jahr 1485 zum albertinischen Herzogtum Sachsen. Flussaufwärts lag die böhmische Herrschaft Preßnitz mit Weipert. Das Gebiet östlich des Pöhlbachs mit dem Schloßstein, Bärenstein, Kühberg und der Amtsseite von Königswalde gehörte zur Herrschaft Schlettau, die bis 1413 böhmisch war und danach dem Kloster Grünhain unterstand. Dieses Gebiet gehörte seit 1485 zum ernestinischen Kurfürstentum Sachsen.
Zusammen mit seinen Brüdern Caspar und Friedrich, Domherr in Mainz, setzte Dietrich die Bemühungen zur Stärkung der eigenen Familie fort. So erwarb er 1615 das Gut Neufürstenberg in Neheim und 1618 das Gut Herdringen. Beide Erwerbungen waren für die zukünftige Entwicklung der Familie von Bedeutung. Als Dietrich nach seiner Bischofswahl auf seine Präbenden verzichten musste, hat er versucht, diese in der eigenen Familie zu halten. In verschiedenen Fällen gelang dies teilweise über Umwege auch. Gescheitert war dies im Fall der Paderborner Dompropstei. Diese wurde durch den Papst an den Domherren Walter von Brabeck vergeben. Das Domkapitel sah sich in seinem Wahlrecht verletzt und strengte, unterstützt von Dietrich und Caspar von Fürstenberg, einen Prozess an der römischen Kurie an. Papst Sixtus V. beendete den Streit mit der Androhung der Exkommunikation. Aber noch einen Tag vor der Einsetzung von Brabecks am 25. November 1589 strengte Dietrich gegen diesen einen Prozess wegen Totschlags an, der indes schließlich versandete. War die Familie Fürstenberg auch im Streit um die Stelle des Dompropstes unterlegen, fiel ihr doch eine Domherrenstelle zu. Im Jahr 1589 gelang es Dietrich und Caspar, die Postulation der Schwester Ottilia zur Äbtissin in Neuenheerse durchzusetzen. Dies diente dabei nicht nur der Stärkung der Familie, sondern auch als Schutz vor einem möglichen Übergang des Stifts ins evangelische Lager.
Die Blütenstände sind dichte Ähren, sie entspringen den Blattachseln und stehen einzeln. Der Schaft ist 2,5 bis 4,2 Zentimeter lang und stark behaart, die Rhachis 2,5 bis 4 Zentimeter lang. Die Blüten sind ungestielt und bis zu 2 Zentimeter lang. Die flachen Früchte sind 13 bis 16 Zentimeter lang, 2,5 bis 3,5 Zentimeter breit und dicht rostrot behaart.
Mit Ablauf der 16. Legislaturperiode schied sie 2009 nach der Geburt der Tochter aus dem Bundestag aus.Grietje Staffelt ist stets über die Landesliste Schleswig-Holstein in den Bundestag eingezogen. Sie war zweimal Spitzenkandidatin der Grünen Schleswig-Holstein und kandidierte jeweils auch im Wahlkreis 1 Flensburg - Schleswig um ein Direktmandat für den Bundestag.
Adolphe Lods: Éloge funèbre de M. Joseph Hackin, correspondant de l'Académie. In: Comptes rendus des séances de l'Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres 1944, S. 406–412 (Digital).
Die Aerodynamik: Aufgrund seiner Form wirkt auf den Diskus eine durch die Luftströmung verursachte Auftriebskraft (so ähnlich wie das auch bei einem Flugzeugflügel der Fall ist). Diese Auftriebskraft setzt am Formschwerpunkt an, der in diesem Fall mit dem geometrischen Mittelpunkt und auch mit dem Schwerpunkt des Diskus übereinstimmt. Die Kraft ist umso größer, je steiler die Scheibe gegenüber der Flugrichtung geneigt ist. Bei einem optimal geworfenen Diskus ist dieser Neigungswinkel am Beginn der Wurfbahn noch negativ (ca. −10°), das heißt, er erhält hier noch einen Abtrieb (also eine Kraft, die ihn nach unten zieht). Das ändert sich jedoch bald, da der Diskus aufgrund der Rotation die Lage im Raum nicht ändert. Dadurch erfährt er im zweiten und dritten Drittel der Flugbahn einen immer stärker werdenden Auftrieb.
Besonders erfolgreich sind der Kegelverein (er stellt unter anderem eine Junioren-Weltmeisterin) und der Spielmannszug der Freiwilligen Feuerwehr, der bereits zahlreiche Titel bis hin zur Deutschen Meisterschaft (unter anderem 2005) sammeln konnte.
1867 erfolgte die Gründung als Hammerwerk Neumayer und Zoppi in der Schweiz. 1880/81 folgte ein Umzug nach Gutach im Schwarzwald und die Fertigung der ersten Gesenkschmiedeteile.
Die Stadt Leun unterhält seit 1980 partnerschaftliche Beziehungen zu der französischen Gemeinde Feytiat im Département Haute-Vienne und seit 1990 zu Rastenberg in Thüringen.
Asteroid Giono: Discovery Circumstances gemäß dem Minor Planet Center der Internationalen Astronomischen Union bei dem Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, Cambridge, USA
Neben seiner Tätigkeit für Lever Brothers/Unilever bekleidete Lever zahlreiche Ehrenämter: So war er von 1932 bis 1936 Pro-Chancellor der Universität Liverpool, deren Ehrendoktorwürde ihm in Anerkennung seiner Leistungen 1937 verliehen wurde. 1923 amtierte er als High Sheriff der Grafschaft Cheshire und später als Friedensrichter ebendort.
24. Mai: Die Toleranzakte des englischen Parlaments gewährt den Nonkonformisten (Dissenters), Mitgliedern von Kirchengemeinden, die sich aus Glaubensgründen von der anglikanischen Amtskirche getrennt haben, eingeschränkte Religionsfreiheit.
Cobalt(II)-carbonat ist eine anorganische chemische Verbindung aus der Gruppe der Carbonate (das Carbonatsalz des Cobalts). Es ist ein geruchloses, rosafarbenes bis rotes, kristallines Pulver mit trigonalen Kristallen. Technisches Cobalt(II)-carbonat enthält teilweise auch Cobalt(II)-hydroxid als Beimengung.
Bei einer kleinen Kläranlage wendet sie ihren Lauf nach Süden. Sie fließt nun knapp einen halben Kilometer durch die Flur Spitzenwiesen und dann durch die Flur Brücklerswiesen und quert dann die sie schon eine ganze Strecke begleitende Kreisstraße SW 2266. Dort befindet sich die Betzenmühle. Der Bach läuft danach knapp 300 m westwärts. Ein weiterer Mühlgraben setzte dort früher die Klüpfelsmühle in Bewegung.
Patrick Joseph McGoohan (* 19. März 1928 in Astoria, New York; † 13. Januar 2009 in Los Angeles, Kalifornien) war ein irischer Filmschauspieler, Drehbuchautor und Regisseur. Obwohl in den USA geboren, erlangte er vor allem Bekanntheit durch englische Filme und Fernsehserien. Später nahm er die US-amerikanische Staatsbürgerschaft an.
Beim Käsen von Gouda wird zunächst gekühlte Milch des Vorabends mit frischer Milch gemischt und auf rund 30 °C erwärmt. Nach der Zugabe von Lab und Milchsäurebakterien gerinnt die Milch innerhalb einer halben Stunde zur Dickete. Durch fortgesetztes Schneiden der Dickete zum Käsebruch mit Hilfe einer Käseharfe bei wiederholtem Abschöpfen der Molke wird dem Bruch Flüssigkeit entzogen, bis er die gewünschte Konsistenz erreicht hat. Danach wird er in Formen gepresst, die typischerweise rund sind, und nach einer Ruhezeit in Lake gebadet. Danach lagert man ihn in kühlen Reifekellern mindestens fünf Wochen bis zur gewünschten Reife.
Worst Week liegt am Sonntagabend nach den US-Serien etwas unter dem Niveau von Cougar Town, der Serie die vorher auf demselben Sendeplatz ausgestrahlt wurde. Die erste Folge erreichte 7,3 % Marktanteil bei den 14-49 jährigen, die zweite 6,5 %. Zur dritten Episode sanken sie auf gerade einmal 4,6 % Marktanteil in der „werberelevanten Zielgruppe“.
Außerdem findet in Rättvik das Classic Car Week-Festival statt - eines der zwei größten, über die Landesgrenzen hinweg bekannten Automobilfestivals, welches während der Veranstaltungswoche (immer um die 31. Kalenderwoche) täglich zwischen 25.000 und 30.000 Automobilenthusiasten aber auch Technik- und Nostalgiefans nach Rättvik lockt.
Man kann sich den Verlauf einer harmonischen Schwingung durch einen Zeiger veranschaulichen, der sich mit konstanter Winkelgeschwindigkeit um den Koordinatenursprung dreht (siehe Abbildung). Wenn man diesen Zeiger auf eine der beiden Koordinatenachsen projiziert, führt der Endpunkt der Projektion dabei die harmonische Schwingung aus. Der Winkel, den der Zeiger mit der horizontalen Achse einschließt, ist der Phasenwinkel.
Einziger Naturspielplatz der Stadt Mainz an der KöppelstraßeLaut einer Sozialraumstudie, die 2005 im Auftrag der Stadt Mainz erstellt wurde, ist der Bezirk Am Westring der Bereich mit dem günstigsten Verhältnis von Wohn- zu Grünanlagen.
Verbunden war Dietrich mit Graf Johann von Rietberg. Trotz seines Protestantismus war das Verhältnis des Bischofs zu Simon VI. von Lippe eng. Dieser trat auch als Vermittler auf, als es zwischen dem Hochstift Paderborn und Moritz von Hessen-Kassel zum Streit um die Landesgrenze an der Diemel kam. Im Jahr 1597 kam es in dieser alten Streitfrage zu einer Einigung. Dadurch wurde das Hochstift von der Diemel im Bereich zwischen Helmarshausen und Liebenau verdrängt. Gesichert wurden Beverungen und Calenberg im Osten und Südosten.
Der Kem entspringt am Südostrand des Westsibirischen Tieflands. Er fließt in überwiegend nördlicher Richtung. Im Unterlauf weist er viele Mäander auf. Der Kem trifft nördlich von Jenisseisk linksseitig auf den Jenissei. Der Fluss wird hauptsächlich von der Schneeschmelze gespeist. Im Mai kommt es regelmäßig zum Frühjahrshochwasser. Wichtige Nebenflüsse des Kem sind Belaja und Tyja, beide von links. Der Kem hat eine Länge von 356 km. Sein Einzugsgebiet umfasst 8940 km².
Der Empfang zum Unabhängigkeitstag im Präsidentenpalast ist der Höhepunkt des Nationalfeiertages. Diese große Feier wird seit 1967 im Fernsehen übertragen. Im Jahr 2016 gab es etwa 2,7 Millionen Zuschauer. Damit war es die meistgesehene Fernsehsendung des Jahres.
Über dem historischen Ortskern von Leun steht die evangelische Kirche, deren genaues Entstehungsdatum ungeklärt ist. Der mächtige Wehrturm und das Hauptschiff dürften der Romanik zuzuordnen sein, während Chorraum und Querschiff früh- bzw. spätgotischen Ursprungs sind. Besonders sehenswert ist das große südliche Sandsteinfenster im Querschiff. Der von Außen angebaute Ausgang von der ehemaligen Männerempore im Norden stammt aus dem Jahr 1907. Im gleichen Jahr erhielt die Kirche im Inneren einen neuen Anstrich.
In erster Ehe heiratete Lever am 13. April 1912 Marion Beatrice Smith (1886–1987). Diese Ehe wurde 1936 wieder geschieden. Aus ihr gingen die Töchter Ruth Lever (1913–1972) und Rosemary Gertrude Alexandra Lever (1919–1994) sowie der Sohn Philip William Bryce Lever (1915–2000) hervor. Der Sohn erbte Levers Adelstitel als 3. Viscount Leverhulme. In zweiter Ehe heiratete er 1937 Winifred Agnes Bidston.
Die Reaktion der anderen Gewerkschaften war feindselig: Verständlicherweise war das Verhältnis zum SGB/CISL, aus dem ja die Gründungsmitglieder des ASGB stammten, denkbar schlecht, doch sah auch die CGIL in einer Stellungnahme die „Einheit der Werktätigen“ gefährdet. Bedrohlicher als die verbalen Proteste der italienischen Gewerkschaftsbünde war allerdings die Weigerung derselben, den ASGB zu Tarifverhandlungen zuzulassen, was sich für die weitere Entwicklung der Gewerkschaft als ein schwerer Schlag erweisen sollte.
Kühberg befindet sich abgetrennt vom Siedlungsgebiet von Bärenstein im Nordosten der Gemeinde. Die Siedlung liegt im Mittleren Erzgebirge. Sie erstreckt sich von Nordwesten nach Südosten an einem steilen Hang nordöstlich des Bärensteins von einer Anhöhe, auf der die Bundesstraße 95 verläuft, bis ins Tal des Pöhlbachs. Dieser bildet südlich von Kühberg gleichzeitig die Staatsgrenze zur Tschechischen Republik. Kühberg wird im mittleren Bereich von der Bahnstrecke Vejprty–Annaberg-Buchholz unt Bf durchquert, an der der Ort einst einen Haltepunkt in einer Höhe von 705 m ü. NHN besaß. Der durch den Ort führende Streckenabschnitt ist jedoch in der Gegenwart ohne regelmäßigen Schienenverkehr.
26. Mai: Mary Wortley Montagu, englische Schriftstellerin († 1762) 06. Juli: Johann Friedrich Karl von Ostein, Erzbischof und Kurfürst von Mainz und Bischof von Worms († 1763)
Die unterschiedlichen Systeme der Umschrift bzw. Romanisierung der Ukrainischen Sprache entstanden in der Geschichte aufgrund von Begegnung mit dem westeuropäischen, westslawischen und deutschsprachigen Raum und werden noch häufig verwendet. Einige dieser Umschriftvarianten wurden im Laufe der Zeit periodisch verändert und unterlagen einer unterschiedlichen Entwicklung oder haben verschiedene Variationen erfahren. Das heute übliche akademische oder wissenschaftliche System wird international am meisten verwendet. Aber es hat sehr wenige Variationen, während die verschiedenen praktischen Methoden der Transliteration den unterschiedlichen orthographischen Konventionen bei den entsprechenden Sprachen, wie Englisch, Französisch, Deutsch, etc. jeweils angepasst werden. Um den ursprünglichen ukrainischen Text so wiederzugeben, wie er in der ursprünglichen Sprache klingt, werden mitunter je nach dem Zweck der Transkription einzelne Anpassungen oder Veränderungen vorgenommen.
Die Liste seiner Arbeiten ist lang und sehr vielseitig. Unter anderem geht die Benennung Neuron für eine Nervenzelle auf ihn zurück; er vermutete bereits 1881 die Nervenzelle als funktionelle Grundeinheit des Nervensystems. 1888 prägte er den Begriff Chromosom zur Beschreibung der Strukturen im Zellkern. Auch die funktionelle Deutung und Aufklärung der embryonalen Herkunft des lymphatischen Rachenrings ist Waldeyer zu verdanken, nach dem diese Struktur dann auch benannt wurde.
Kaspar Deutschenbaur, auch Caspar Deutschenbaur (* 1. November 1864 in Schwabmünchen; † 23. November 1950 in Dießen am Ammersee) war ein deutscher Politiker. Er war von 1919 bis 1929 Oberbürgermeister der Stadt Augsburg und gehörte der Bayerischen Volkspartei an.
En Navidad de 1974, poco después de que interpretó la canción en francés película Papillon (Toi qui Regarde la Mer). Ella cantará la espléndida versión de Gloria Aleluya para una misa de medianoche celebrada por RTL.
Según el censo de 2010,[4]​ había 1462 personas residiendo en el municipio de Homer. La densidad de población era de 23,04 hab./km². De los 1462 habitantes, el municipio de Homer estaba compuesto por el 98,7 % blancos, el 0,62 % eran afroamericanos, el 0,27 % eran de otras razas y el 0,41 % eran de una mezcla de razas. Del total de la población el 0,55 % eran hispanos o latinos de cualquier raza.[5]​
En la Copa Mundial de Fútbol Sub-20 de 2011, pitó los partidos Argentina vs. México, Colombia vs. Malí de la primera fase, en octavos de final pitó el partido Brasil vs. Arabia Saudita.
Ally y Buttons encuentran el descodificador y Ally se pone a descodificar códigos. Ally y Chen pelean por el control del Gigantor. En el último piso de la Torre de Hierro, Gaff, el capitán Magnum y Marty pelean contra el General. Entonces, cuando el General ha vencido a todos menos a Marty este consigue derrotarle el solo. Al mismo tiempo Ally vence al doctor Chen en la lucha por el control del Gigantor, y este huye. Después aparecen Marty y Buttons en el remolque con Charly. Marty se acuerda que ese día era la conferencia de Ally en el CDF. La serie termina con la foto de todos juntos en el CDF.
Los primeros habitantes se establecieron cerca de 1380, siendo un grupo de mixtecas, zapotecas, otomíes y olmecas. Tras la conquista de México la población fue encargada a Sebastián y Luisa Narvaes. Se estableció como patrono a San Andrés, a quién se le creó una escultura en el siglo XVI. El 11 de febrero de 1599 el virrey Luis de Velasco y Ruiz de Alarcón otorgó un título en reconocimiento de las tierras comunales de los grupos originarios.[2]​
Serbia participará en los Juegos Olímpicos de París 2024. Responsable del equipo olímpico es el Comité Olímpico de Serbia, así como las federaciones deportivas nacionales de cada deporte con participación.
Los bitardos utilizan una faluche, que es una gorra tradicional de los estudiantes de Francia, con cierto diseño y códigos característicos. El faluche de los dignatarios bitardos está decorado con un chevrón. Junto con esta gorra, los bitardos se ponen una capa cuyo color es indicativo de su rango dentro de la Orden.
El General empieza a controlar al Gigantor gracias al doctor Chen, pero uno de sus secuaces se rebela, Khan, el robot que ahbía atacado a Marty en la torre de Hierro. dice al general que el gigantor es un arma indigna e intenta atacar al doctor Chen, pero el General lo destruye.
Hay una diferencia en las tasas de divorcio observadas entre los distintos tipos de matrimonios arreglados. Las tasas de divorcio en los países islámicos con matrimonios consanguíneos arreglados, como Arabia Saudita, Turquía, Egipto, Qatar, Jordania es de entre 20% a 35%,[123]​ en contraste con el menos del 10% de las tasas de divorcio en matrimonios arreglados no consanguíneos entre los Amish, hindúes y judíos ortodoxos.
Desde antes incluso de su retirada, Vlade Divac ha formado parte de la estructura de diversos clubes de baloncesto. A finales de 2000 se convirtió en presidente del Partizan de Belgrado, aunque debido a su ocupación como jugador en la NBA, fue su compatriota, amigo y vicepresidente del equipo, Predrag Danilović, quien se hizo cargo en la práctica de las riendas de la escuadra. Además, después de dar por finiquitada su carrera como jugador, el ya ex pivot trabajó como scout para los Lakers durante un año.
Alexandru Segal, con sólo doce años de edad, ya se clasificó entre los jugadores de ajedrez de clase mundial en Rumania, convirtiéndose en campeón de la juventud después Europeo Sub-26. En 1968 se ha ganado el campeón universitario. Participó en las finales nacionales y representó a Brasil en varios eventos internacionales. Ganó io Gran Maestro alemán Robert Hübner y señaló con el Gran Maestro húngaro Zoltán Ribli, el ganador del Interzonal de Las Palmas.
La economía es fundamentalmente agrícola con cierto desarrollo industrial en la ciudad de San Cristóbal. Mantiene un central azucarero en activo (30 de Noviembre). Recientemente se ha iniciado con éxito el cultivo de la vid y la producción de vino a partir de uvas cosechadas en Cuba de la marca "Bodegas San Cristóbal"[1]​[2]​
«Concepción Morales Torres». Índice Internacional de Nombres de las Plantas (IPNI). Real Jardín Botánico de Kew, Herbario de la Universidad de Harvard y Herbario nacional Australiano (eds.).
El concepto hinduísta-budista de chakravartin es una perfecta ilustración del concepto de monarquía universal,[19]​[20]​ la rueda que gira sin que nada la detenga, simbolizando al goberante universal ideal (sarvabhauma) que gobierna ética y benevolentemente sobre el mundo entero.
El número total de hogares en el distrito era de 245 977, y el 64.7% eran familias en la cual el 27.7 tenían menores de 18 años de edad viviendo con ellos. De todas las familias viviendo en el distrito, solamente el 54% eran matrimonios. Del total de hogares en el distrito, el 5.5 eran parejas que no estaban casadas, mientras que el 0.2% eran parejas del mismo sexo. El promedio de personas por hogar era de 2.37. [2]​
Los matrimonios concertados son debatidos activamente entre los estudiosos. Las cuestiones debatidas incluyen si los matrimonios arreglados se están utilizando para abusar del sistema de inmigración internacional; si los matrimonios arreglados violan los derechos humanos, en particular los derechos de la mujer;[108]​ si se producen matrimonios más estables para la crianza de los hijos, la próxima generación;[109]​ y si hay más o menos amor y respeto en la relación para la pareja casada.[110]​
Esta obra contiene una traducción parcial derivada de Manfredo IV di Saluzzo de Wikipedia en italiano, concretamente de esta versión, publicada por sus editores bajo la Licencia de documentación libre de GNU y la Licencia Creative Commons Atribución-CompartirIgual 3.0 Unported.
La Orden del Bitardo es presidida por el Grand Maistre (Gran Maestre). Está formada de una parte por dignatarios como los Commandeurs (Comendadores) y Chevaliers (Caballeros), y de otra parte por los novices (novicios) y las chabousses. Los estudiantes ingresan a la Orden del Bitardo como novicios. Luego de que ha demostrado que es digno de confianza, se dice que el estudiante se encuentra capacitado para ser un dignatario.
Bryant trabajó en A Train of Incidents (1914) y en War Brides (1916), filme que significó el debut de su esposa, Alla Nazimova. Aunque era homosexual, Bryant se había casado con ella en 1912. Fue un matrimonio de conveniencia, pues ella era lesbiana. Bryant y Nazimova firmaron un contrato con Metro Pictures en 1918 y trabajaron juntos en varios filmes, entre ellos Revelation, Out of the Fog, y Billions. En 1918, Nazimova fundó Nazimova Productions, compañía para la cual Bryant empezó a dirigir. La pareja produjo en 1923 una adaptación al cine de la obra de Oscar Wilde Salomé. Sin embargo, la asociación de Byrant con Nazimova tuvo poca duración, pues Salomé fue un fracaso de público y Nazimova Productions quebró. Bryant no volvió a trabajar en el cine, por lo que volvió a Broadway. Poco después de dejar Hollywood, Bryant y Nazimova se divorciaron, aparentemente debido a que su unión de conveniencia ya no era necesaria.
Segal ha creado muchas expresiones en el ajedrez, entre ellos "passadinha segalesca", una especie de golpe táctico al final, donde los peatones se sacrifican para promover uno de la dama.
Censo de 1885: Viven en Thueyts 23 jóvenes: 20 eran agricultores hijos de los agricultores, un panadero hijo de un panadero, y un zapatero. De todos estos jóvenes, 9 sabían leer, escribir, contar; uno no sabía leer, y 2 eran analfabetos; once cuyo nivel educativo es desconocido. El servicio militar tuvo una mala reputación, había catorce solicitudes de exención o de reforma. Uno de ellos fue escrito a petición de éste, todos los demás de oficio. En 1983, seis inscritos. Es difícil obtener toda la información, pues el método de selección ha cambiado.
La idea de Paseo al Mar (la actual avenida Blasco Ibáñez) ha condicionado especialmente la vida de los vecinos del Cabañal. El primer proyecto fechado es de 1865, pero no es hasta inicios de 1883 cuando se manifiesta el interés municipal de crear una nueva vía de comunicación (además de Camino del Grao, actual Avenida del Puerto) que aproxime las playas a la burguesía valenciana.
Su primera campaña en Estados Unidos resultó satisfactoria, pues disputó todos los partidos de la temporada regular -82 (aunque sólo 6 como titular)- y fue incluido en el Quinteto Ideal de Rookies. Además, se convirtió rápidamente en un jugador muy popular y querido por el público, pese a sus iniciales dificultades idiomáticas.
A su vez, contra la sentencia del TSJ de Madrid de 2004, el Ministerio de Cultura y la Generalitat Valenciana interpusieron recurso ante el Tribunal Supremo. Y éste tuvo que resolver el procedimiento cuya existencia había obviado el año anterior. La propia sentencia reconoce el error en su redacción:
Empresas coaligadas: Se trata de la denominada tarjeta de fidelización multipatrocinador, también conocida como, programa de multifidelización de marcas y es una fórmula de gran éxito comercial en todo el mundo. Compañías de diferentes sectores se agrupan para premiar a sus clientes con descuentos, beneficios, puntos canjeables por viajes y regalos por la compra de sus productos o servicios.
Esta obra contiene una traducción derivada de Cathorops puncticulatus de Wikipedia en catalán, publicada por sus editores bajo la Licencia de documentación libre de GNU y la Licencia Creative Commons Atribución-CompartirIgual 3.0 Unported.
1789 a 1800: Dayzac es defensor de los pobres. En 1794 el conde de Blou y el juez Jean Durand participan en la contra revolución (camp de Lalevade et camp de Jalès). Creación de una escuela y una comunidad religiosa de las "Hermanas de la Presentación" en 1796 por Marie Rivier.
"Heaven in The Back Seat", canción que fue autorizada para la película A Nightmare on Elm Street 5: The Dream Child y lanzado como un single. El vídeo musical contó con extractos de la película.
Una vez que la pelea termina, sorpresivamente, los chicos son noqueados por una nube de gas naranja, que los adormecería. Antes de caer, Marty divisa a lo lejos, unos robots.
Platyrhiza es un género monotípico de orquídeas epifitas. Su única especie: Platyrhiza quadricolor Barb.Rodr. (1881), es originria del sur de Brasil.
Casó con Manuel O'Reilly y Calvo de la Puerta IV conde de Buenavista, III conde de O'Reilly. A su muerte el título de conde del Castillo, quedó vacante y finalmente caducado.
La práctica de los matrimonios consanguíneos endogámicos, limita drásticamente las posibilidades de matrimonio; alienta inherentemente los matrimonios arreglados según la tradición y el nacimiento. Más de 1,3 millones de personas, principalmente de la fe islámica realizan la práctica de matrimonios arreglados.[78]​[79]​Esta práctica también es observada, aunque en mucha menor medida, en algunos grupos étnicos de África, India, Indonesia, Polinesia y Ámerica del sur.[80]​ En Pakistán y Arabia Saudita, la mayoría (más del 65%) de todos los matrimonios arreglados son endogamos y consanguineos. Más del 40% de todos los matrimonios arreglados son endógamos y consanguíneos en Iraq, Irán, Jordania, Siria, Yemen, Kuwait, Emiratos Árabes Unidos, Omán, Sudán, Libia y Mauritania; y más de 1 de cada 5 matrimonios en Turquía, Egipto, Argelia, regiones de Nigeria, India y Malasia con altas poblaciones musulmanas son matrimonios arreglados endogámicos y consanguíneos .[78]​[81]​Entre estas poblaciones islámicas, los matrimonios arreglados incluyen matrimonios endogámicos y no consanguíneos , y por lo tanto superan las tasas observadas por encima de los matrimonios endogámicos y consanguíneos.
Heartthrob conocido en América Latina como Los Latidos del Corazón y en España bajo la traducción de El amor es el primer episodio de la tercera temporada de la serie de televisión estadounidense Ángel. Escrito y dirigido por David Greenwalt. Se estrenó originalmente el 24 de septiembre de 2001, dos semanas después de los Atentados del 11 de septiembre de 2001.[1]​
en las células del hígado y del músculo esquelético acelera la degradación de glucógeno a glucosa (glucogenolisis), que es liberada al torrente sanguíneo;
Este artículo introdujo la noción formal del enemigo de los trabajadores: los sujetos a los artículos 58-2 al 58-13 (los del 58-1 eran "traidores", y los del 58-14 eran "saboteadores").
Grabó su primer álbum con Leo Missir, seguidamente en 1968 se fue de gira con Johnny Hallyday, en 1970 se presenta a la gala Midem con tres canciones y luego participa en el Festival de Sanremo y da una serie de recitales en Canadá y América del Sur.
La actividad tradicional por antonomasia en el Cabañal es la celebración de la Semana Santa Marinera, los orígenes de la cual se remontan al siglo XV, cuando se crea una agrupación llamada la "Concòrdia dels Disciplinats" (Concordia de los disciplinados), de la cual fue prior san Vicente Ferrer. A partir de aquí no se tiene ningún tipo de archivo, porque los archivos parroquiales y los del mismo arzobispado fueron destruidos durante la Guerra Civil. Por tanto, ha sido preciso reconstruir los hechos basándose en fragmentos dispersos que han ido recomponiendo la historia de la Semana Santa Marinera.
Benjamín Carlos Núñez del Castillo y Durel, IV conde del Castillo, VI Marquesado de San Felipe y Santiago. Perdió sus derechos judicialmente, a favor de:
Chile estableció por primera vez relaciones diplomáticas con la Unión Soviética el 11 de diciembre de 1944, sin embargo, tuvieron una corta vida cuando fueron separados el 27 de octubre de 1947 debido a la intensificación de la Guerra Fría el Partido Comunista de Chile estaba prohibido.[1]​[2]​ En 1956, el primer ministro soviético Nikolai Bulganin declaró que la Unión Soviética estaba dispuesta a desarrollar relaciones con países latinoamericanos sobre la base de la cooperación amistosa, las relaciones comerciales mutuamente beneficiosas, la coexistencia pacífica y la no interferencia en los asuntos internos. Por primera vez desde 1944, la política exterior soviética permitió aumentar las relaciones entre la Unión Soviética y el Tercer Mundo. En Chile, estos cambios fueron en gran medida discutibles durante los años 50 y 60 cuando Chile se alineó abiertamente con los Estados Unidos desde la Segunda Guerra Mundial en contra de la amenaza de "agresión comunista". Desde que se aliaron con los Estados Unidos, Chile detuvo todas las relaciones diplomáticas con la Unión Soviética, puso fin a todas las formas de relaciones económicas bilaterales y proscribió y persiguió a los partidos comunistas. La revolución cubana de 1959 provocó una nueva ola de anticomunismo en América Latina, reafirmando la decisión del gobierno chileno de mantenerse alejado de la influencia y las relaciones soviéticas.[3]​
El cuerpo Central de Defensa Federal (CDF) organiza constantes batidas para darle caza, pero nunca lo consiguen. Jack Acero (Steeljaw Jack) es un androide cazarrecompensas, especializado en armas de fuego que, al parecer, tiene predilección por vestirse de mafioso. Rhymer lo contrató para traer a Ally de vuelta a la Torre de Hierro, y más tarde se une a los subordinados del General. Marty lo destruye con la ayuda de Violeta cuando intenta impedir que rescaten a Ally de la Torre de hierro.
El pico del Terril es la máxima altitud de la provincia española de Sevilla en Andalucía, con 1.129 msnm. Se localiza cercano a las localidades de Algámitas y Pruna.
Tras una plata obtenida en los Juegos de Seúl de 1988 y un oro como anfitrión en el Eurobasket de 1989, las tensiones comenzaron a surgir al año siguiente, en el Mundial de Argentina de 1990.
Esta obra contiene una traducción derivada de BitTyrant de Wikipedia en inglés, publicada por sus editores bajo la Licencia de documentación libre de GNU y la Licencia Creative Commons Atribución-CompartirIgual 3.0 Unported.
Fría y calculadora, es inteligente. Ashū es la compañera de Sister Nana y su pareja en la vida real. Vive con Nana y la quiere mucho, siendo ella la que la protege y es más objetiva, por lo que es precavida y esta alerta de las amenazas. Ella se convierte en una Chica Mágica gracias a Nana, que pidió ayuda a Magicaloid 44, utilizando un artefacto mágico. Su transformación, Weiss Winterprison tiene el cabello rojizo, y usa un saco largo con un cinturón atravesado por el pecho y una bufanda larga gris, parecida a una que Nana le regalo en su juventud. Su habilidad es poder crear muros de la nada, cualquier lugar siendo muy efectivos en la defensa pero también para alterar el campo y dispersar a sus objetivos o atacar por sorpresa, junto con Sister Nana sus habilidades físicas crecen mucho. Ella es la sexta Chica Mágica en morir por pérdida de sangre después de un ataque de las Peaky Angels y Swim Swim.
Emporte-moi (Libérame o Déjame ser libre) es una película franco-canadiense de 1999 filmada por la directora Lea Pool y protagonizada por Karine Vanesse. Cuenta la historia de Hanna, una chica luchando con su sexualidad y la depresión de sus padres mientras atraviesa la pubertad en Quebec. La película está fuertemente influenciada por el filme francés Vivre sa vie (Es mi vida) de Jean-Luc Godard.
En el norte, los Armados vivían en esta zona al igual que los Pozos y los Paucuras; los Pícaras y los Carrapas ocupaban vastas zonas del norte y también en los municipios de Neira, La Merced y Filadelfia, en el occidente, habitaron los Cartamas, los Ansermas subdivididas en muchas tribus, éstos vivían desde el suroeste de Antioquia hasta el norte del Valle del Cauca.
Otra costumbre en ciertas naciones islámicas,[86]​[87]​ como Pakistán, es el watta satta, donde un par de hermanos (niño y niña) de una misma familia se intercambian como futuros cónyuges de un par de hermanos de otra familia. En otras palabras, la mujer es también la hermana política para los hombres en dos familias. Esta costumbre lleva inherente la forma del matrimonio arreglado. Alrededor del 30% de todos los matrimonios en las regiones rurales del oeste de Pakistán son matrimonios por encargo watta-satta, y el 75% de estos matrimonios musulmanes son entre primos y otros parientes de sangre.[88]​[89]​[90]​ Algunas familias inmigrantes prefieren la práctica habitual de matrimonio arreglado.[91]​
Se rebelaron el 13 de noviembre pero por falta de coordinación entre los que dirigen la asonada y por la defección de varios de los conjurados que los traicionaron, tuvieron huir hacia las bases militares de Zacapa y Puerto Barrios, donde creyeron que sus compañeros los ayudarían, pero fueron derrotados. Los principales líderes, teniente y especialista de inteligencia Marco Antonio Yon Sosa y el subteniente y ranger Luis Augusto Turcios Lima se tuvieron que esconder y exilar de Guatemala.[2]​
Muñoz Rodríguez ha publicado más de noventa artículos revisados por pares en revistas internacionales y más de cincuenta actas de congresos.[4]​ Publicó Sistemas Inalámbricos de Comunicación Personal (2002), otros dos libros y seis capítulos de libros.[5]​
El Thor contaba como armamento principal con seis cañones de tiro rápido de la antigua artillería intermedia de los navíos de línea imperiales de 1913. Estaban situados a proa, popa y en las amuras, bajo cubiertas de camuflaje, y dos en la cubierta intermedia de carga, ocultos por paneles que cubrían las amuras. De esa forma, durante una persecución podían usarse tres de esos cañones a la vez, y cuatro para andanadas laterales. Los cañones de la cubierta superior llevaban escudos protectores. También estaban ocultos por paneles en las amuras y bajo los botes salvavidas, los tubos lanzatorpedos, camuflados en grupos de dos. Repartidos por el barco había cuatro cañones antiaéreos de 2 cm y en la parte de popa uno de 3,7 cm.
Está diseñado para evaluar guías desarrolladas por grupos locales, regionales, nacionales o internacionales, así como por organizaciones gubernamentales.
En este episodio Ángel trata de recuperarse de la muerte de Buffy, mientras lidia con James un vampiro sediento de venganza que busca vengar la muerte de su novia que el vampiro con alma mató recientemente.
Auguste von Littrow, nacida von Bischoff-Altenstein (Praga, 13 de febrero de 1819 –Viena, 23 de marzo de 1890) escritora y líder política germano-austriaca.
En un futuro muy lejano, Marty, un pequeño niño emprendedor de 11 años, se dedica a excavar junto a su padre en busca de piezas de robot para luego venderlas. Cierto día encuentra inesperadamente el Puño de Eon (aunque en realidad es Buttons quien lo encuentra). Este puño tiene más de 100 años de antigüedad, y fue utilizado por el guerrero Eon para derrotar al General y así acabar con la guerra que este desató.
Después de la fundación del MR-13 en febrero de 1962, pasa un año y se crean las Fuerzas Armadas Rebeldes (FAR) en un pequeño restaurante chino de tradición en la Ciudad de Guatemala: el 7 de febrero de 1963, año que comenzó en caos con movimientos reivindicativos y con huelgas de trabajadores de correos y de la salud, se reunieron en el restaurante Fu Lu L Sho en la 6a. avenida y 12 calle de la zona 1, a escasas seis cuadras del Palacio Nacional, Yon Sosa, Turcios Lima, y los civiles Bernardo Alvarado Monzón, Mario Silva Jonama, Joaquín Noval y Bernardo Lemus. Acordaron dar a conocer públicamente la creación de las FAR, integrando la representación del Movimiento Trece de Noviembre, el Partido Guatemalteco del Trabajo y el Movimiento 12 de abril, nombrando como jefe militar de la organización al comandante Yon Sosa.[7]​[2]​
Esta obra contiene una traducción derivada de Bryconamericus hyphesson de Wikipedia en catalán, publicada por sus editores bajo la Licencia de documentación libre de GNU y la Licencia Creative Commons Atribución-CompartirIgual 3.0 Unported.
Paralizado el PEPRI al admitirse a trámite el recurso, la Generalitat Valenciana decidió derogar el decreto-ley para aprobar una ley (2/2010) con idénticos fines y argumentos: que el PEPRI no puede suponer expolio, dado que el nivel de protección del Cabanyal es asunto exclusivo de la administración local y que la actuación del gobierno central invade sus competencias.[16]​[17]​ Un nuevo recurso de inconstitucionalidad, aprobado por Consejo de Ministros, presentado ante el Tribunal Constitucional y admitido a trámite por el mismo, ha paralizado definitivamente el PEPRI, en tanto no se pronuncie la alta institución del Estado.
En la tercera lucha de Marty, logra con éxito excapar de la Sala de Luchadores. Ally y Bottons están en las manos de Orage Mama, ¿lograra el Heredero de Eon, salvar a sus amigos?
La banda sonora principal " Buscarás " ( wonderboy, versión inglesa ) fue integramente compuesta por Erik " Eatraxx " Nilsson y Sam Medina, el cantante de la misma..
En 1900, Sorolla y Benlliure son declarados hijos predilectos de Valencia, y se rotulan con sus nombres la mitad de las calles de las Barcas y la Plaza de la Pelota. Son los días en los que en el Cabañal se produce la apertura del restaurado Teatro de la Marina, al cual se podía acudir en tranvía eléctrico, que el 23 de marzo de 1900 había sustituido al de vapor.
Steve salió por casi un año con la doctora Rachel Sidwell, el 29 de junio de 2009 la pareja le dio la bienvenida a su primera hija juntos Amelie Tinkerbell McFadden, sin embargo terminaron dos meses después del nacimiento de la pequeña.[3]​[4]​
"Los dramas de la conciencia y la memoria" en La memoria literaria del Franquismo. Anales de Literatura Española, 21, 2009 (Serie Monográfica, núm. 13), pp. 11-38.
En su repertorio de aperturas, Segal incluyó la Defensa Alekhine, Apertura Larsen y la Benoni, entre otros. Tenía un estilo posicional sólido, juego muy estable y fue un excelente táctico.
Es un robot perteneciente al ejército de tierra del CDF. Es grande y naranja, equipado con taladros. En combate se transforma en una máquina excavadora, pudiendo atravesar el suelo para moverse bajo tierra; su estilo de combate se basa en cargas de fuerza bruta, para lo que aprovecha su gran potencia física y de melée. Es vulnerable a los poderes psíquicos, como los de Black Beauty.
El departamento pertenece además a la subregión Andina del Eje Cafetero con los departamentos de Risaralda, Quindío el Suroeste Antioqueño y el Norte del Valle del Cauca. En el año 2013 se descubrió un "nuevo" cono volcánico en el municipio de Samaná Caldas. Se le ha denominado "El Escondido" por su baja altitud y porque hasta ahora se le consideraba solo una montaña selvática.
La entrada en el siglo XX traería muchas novedades para el Pueblo Nuevo del Mar; la principal, la pérdida en 1897 de su independencia y la incorporación de su Ayuntamiento, a todos los efectos, al municipio de Valencia.
Cuando se preparaba la creación de la Confederación Granadina en 1858, el presidente Mariano Ospina Rodríguez, quien había sido gobernador del Estado Soberano de Antioquia, planteó, por primera vez, la idea de crear un nuevo departamento al sur del antioqueño. Sin embargo la idea no tuvo acogida. Nuevamente lo propuso en 1888, con el nombre de Departamento de Sur con Manizales como su capital. Más tarde, en la Regeneración Conservadora, Rafael Uribe Uribe, apoyado ampliamente por Aquilino Villegas y Daniel Gutiérrez Arango, propuso la creación del Departamento de Córdoba, con capital Manizales.[8]​
En 1987 el público mexicano tuvo que despedirse de los Cachunes, pero para los actores que hicieron de este programa un éxito y un fenómeno en la década de los 80's no fue tan fácil deshacerse de sus personajes. Rodolfo Rodríguez posteriormente se dedicó al teatro, logrando llegar a ser “Director de Escena” y a escribir 33 obras, pero falleció el 6 de septiembre de 1994 a los 41 años, oficialmente de cáncer, se rumoraba que de sida.[1]​
Volverían a emparejarse en sendos programas nostálgicos compuestos por imágenes extraídas del archivo histórico de Televisión Española: Devórame otra vez (1991) y Mitomanía (1995-2001).[2]​
Desde la primera mitad de los años 1920 se comienza a manifestar el fenómeno nuevo del turismo religioso. Surgieron las primeras peregrinaciones a Tierra Santa y hacia santuarios Marianos. La compañía intervino con la creación del ente de Peregrinaciones Paulinas con el intento de acercar un mayor número de personas hacia la fe. Otra preocupación de la comunidad de San Pablo en sus orígenes fueron los medios de comunicación social, en 1924 se crearon los primeros periódicos católicos italianos como "La Fiesta" y "El Avvenire de Italia".
Popularmente, en la comarca y alrededores se simplifica aún más esta denominación para referirse a San Fernando como La Isla, siendo su gentilicio oficial el de isleño, aunque es más habitual el apelativo cañaílla. La cañaílla es un molusco muy característico de los caños y marismas, de gran popularidad gastronómica en la zona.
Originalmente Navotas era una parte contigua a Malabón, quedando ambas localidades separadas por una corriente de agua. Las turbulentas aguas de la bahía de Manila fueron erosionando la débil franja de tierra entre la ciudad y el distrito de Tondo de modo que el agua de mar continuaron fluyendo a través de esta abertura especialmente durante la marea alta, hasta formar con el tiempo un canal de agua conocido como el río de Navotas. Este fenómeno natural puede ser el origen del nombre de nabutas que con el tiempo se convirtió progresivamente en Navotas, que significa literalmente atravesado.
Es la fuerza aérea del General. Tienen el aspecto de águilas o dragones blindados de color negro. Como armamento, tienen un cañón láser en la boca. Son empleados para recuperar a Scar y Black Beauty cuando son derrotados en la mansión de los Eon, para atacar la Torre de Hierro y para defender al Gigantor.
En conjunto, estos efectos producen un aumento en los niveles de glucosa en la sangre, que regresan al rango que se considera normal (salud).
Kiku es una estudiante que trata de encontrar tiempo para ser una Chica Mágica en su ocupado itinerario. Magical Daisy es una Chica Mágica famosa que solía tener su propia serie de anime y lleva un traje tradicional de Chica Mágica decorado con flores. Ella es la líder del Equipo Daisy y tiene la habilidad de disparar rayos mágicos de sus manos, a los cuales llama "Daisy Beam", siendo capaz de disparar rayos pequeños de sus dedos o uno grande de sus manos. Ella es la primera Chica Mágica en morir después de que un esqueleto rojo del Mundo Cibernético reflejara su Daisy Beam hacia ella.
John Rains dejó el cargo de gerente en marzo de 2006 y Hazel Ian hizo cargo de las riendas. En octubre de 2006, el equipo se encontraban en la parte inferior de la Conferencia Sur y mirando destinado a evitar el descenso. Una cadena de gerentes, incluyendo Ernie Howe, [Massey [Stuart ]] y Jimmy Dack no pudo salvar el club.
La tarde fue pasada por Nerón recitando un poema. (Caso agramatical que demuestra que la transformación de complemento directo en sujeto no es posible para el papel semántico "tiempo").
El rival de la ciudad es el Carshalton Athletic, ambas partes dentro de la London Borough of Sutton. Los partidos del "Derby" se han disputado en la Liga ateniense, Istmo League y Conferencia Sur, así como doce competiciones de copa diferente.[1]​ Los equipos generalmente juegan juntos en el Boxing Day, el Día de Año Nuevo y otras fiestas . Sutton tiene el mejor registro, uno de los encuentros más famosos son una victoria por 6-0 en 2002. En total, los dos equipos se han enfrentado 133 veces (hasta agosto de 2011), con Sutton ganó en 72 de esas ocasiones, Carshalton 33 y ha habido 28 empates. Sutton ha marcado 283 goles, y Carshalton han anotado 173.[1]​ Las dos partes reunió por última vez en julio de 2011, en una competencia amistosa de dos patas para la "Copa Sutton Anunciante", que ganó Sutton 3-1 en el global tras haber ganado el partido de ida por 3-0.
Casi la totalidad de los habitantes practican el cristianismo, estando dentro de este grupo los católicos, siendo el de mayor auge en a región; entre la última semana de marzo y la primera de abril se celebra la tradicional semana santa, en todos los municipios del departamento.
El 20 de enero de 1990 se unió al elenco de la serie británica EastEnders, donde interpreta al villano Phil Mitchell, el hermano menor de Grant. Steve se fue de la serie en 2003, pero regresó de nuevo en 2005, donde interpreta a Phil desde entonces.[7]​
Ubicado al sudeste del lago Huechulafquen, sus costas no están recorridas por camino alguno. Está completamente inserto en el Parque Nacional Lanín, de modo que es una de las regiones cuya ecología está mejor conservada en toda la provincia.
Manfredo aumentó el territorio del marquesado anexionándose tierras y castillos por acuerdos con otras familias feudales. Por ejemplo, en 1322 el marqués Del Carretto cedió Cairo Monttenotte, Rocchetta y Cortemilia a Saluzzo a cambio de que Manfredo pusiese en orden todas las deudas que tenía con su familia.
Una mesnada era la reunión de hombres armados perteneciente a un rey, ricohombre, consejo, parroquia o distrito que formaba la unidad orgánica de la hueste o ejército.
El trazado, que coincide con la actual posición y anchura de la Avenida Blasco Ibáñez, se inspiraba en las ideas de la Ciudad Jardín y no especificaba de qué forma se producía la solución de encuentro con Pueblo Nuevo del Mar, el cual todavía no se había incorporado a Valencia. Existe un trazado de este plan del año 1899, con el título de Paseo de Valencia al Cabañal.
Una tarjeta de fidelidad posibilita el acceso a beneficios especialmente diseñados para los titulares, que pueden gozar sin coste alguno de los beneficios que otorgan a sus socios los establecimientos afiliados (restaurantes, discotecas, hoteles, agencia de viajes, tiendas, cines...) que participan en el programa.
Los matrimonios concertados han disminuido en los países prósperos con la movilidad social, el ascenso del individualismo y la familia nuclear; sin embargo, los matrimonios arreglados aún se observan en países de Europa y América del Norte, entre las familias reales, aristócratas y los grupos religiosos minoritarios, como en el matrimonio entre los grupos de mormones fundamentalistas de los Estados Unidos. En la mayoría de otras partes del mundo, los matrimonios concertados siguen en forma cuasi-organizada, junto con los matrimonios autónomos.[1]​
Santa Clara se encuentra ubicada en las coordenadas 29°34′28″N 98°10′16″O. Según la Oficina del Censo de los Estados Unidos, Santa Clara tiene una superficie total de 6.27 km², de la cual 6.27 km² corresponden a tierra firme y (0%) 0 km² es agua.[3]​
Mary Dyer conoció a Anne Hutchinson, quien predicaba que Dios "hablaba directamente a las personas" no sólo a través del clero. Dyer se unió a la causa de Hutchinson y fue acusada de sostener la llamada "herejía antinomianista",[1]​ esforzándose por organizar grupos de personas para estudiar la Biblia, contraviniendo la ley teocrática de la Colonia de Massachusetts Bay.
En 1971 debutó como presentador en el programa Vivir es lo que importa junto a Forges, Chicho Gordillo y Manuel Summers. Pero la gran popularidad le llegaría en 1983 cuando conduce con Ignacio Salas (con quien ha estado profesionalmente ligado en diferentes proyectos) y Pastora Vega el programa Y sin embargo, te quiero.
Tonalli es un nombre personal femenino y masculino de origen náhuatl cuyo significado es "calor del sol, día, destino".[1]​ Su forma reverencial es Tonaltzin. La palabra tonalli es empleada como raíz de los nombres Cipáctonal ("Calor o brillo de cipactli"; compuesto de cipactli, lagarto; y tonalli, calor).[2]​ Tonalli se refiere usualmente a la luz solar, dando lugar al paraíso nahuatl llamado Tonacalli (calli=casa), o casa del sol. Lugar donde guerreros y madres muertas en parto consideradas también guerreras, ayudaban a levantarse y ponerse al sol (Tonatiuh) para después de cuatro años, convertirse en colibríes.
1881 ~ 1882: Importante sequía. Lucha contra la rabia, los perros deben llevar bozal y correa o si no, serán sacrificados y sus propietarios sancionados.
Gaff se queda en el CDF para una reparación de su sistema, Marty va con Buttons de vuelta a la casa de los Eon. En el camino tienen varios problemas, lo peor es que les persigue uno de los cuatro varones invencíbles, un súbdito del General, pero logran llegar. El Maestro Yang les dice que se vayan con un vehículo al Templo del Alma de Hierro mientras él y los hombres de madera del templo Eón contienen al varón invencible. El templo es destruido pero el gran Maestro sobrevive. Cuando Marty y Buttons llegan se dan cuenta de que están en los glaciares, allí conocen a Sombra, un robot que venía a ayudarlos de parte del CDF, Sombra antes era un criminal, pero el CDF le reformó. Juntos llegan hasta un lugar donde se encuentran con una rara tormenta de nieve.
Durante la Segunda Guerra Mundial, Sutton siguió jugando fútbol, pero en una escala mucho más pequeña. La Liga ateniense había sido suspendida y organizado también lo eran raros y esporádicos, pero Sutton había ganado varios honores. Esto los puso en una buena posición para ganar la Liga otra vez cuando la guerra llegó a su fin. Con la ayuda de 42 goles de Charlie Vaughan, Sutton se escapó con la temporada 1945-46. Esta fue también la primera vez que el club ganó la Surrey Senior Cup y conseguí a través de la FA Cup pasar a la primera ronda.
Esta obra contiene una traducción derivada de Upeneus filifer de Wikipedia en catalán, publicada por sus editores bajo la Licencia de documentación libre de GNU y la Licencia Creative Commons Atribución-CompartirIgual 3.0 Unported.
Agente especial del CDF que se infiltra en la Torre de Hierro haciéndose pasar por secretaria del presidente Rhymer para obtener más información sobre sus planes clandestinos. Es nombrada tutora de Ally cuando ésta se convierte en agente junior del CDF. Su cuerpo es violeta rosado, con rostro más humano que el de sus compañeros y ojos azules. Así mismo, su estilo de lucha se basa en potentes patadas estilo kárate complementadas con ondas y campos de fuerza sónicos, aunque Violeta prefiere evitar la confrontación directa.
Vande Winkel, Roel: The Auxiliary Cruiser Thor's Death and Transfiguration. A Case Study in Nazi Wartime Newsreel Propaganda. In: Historical Journal of Film, Radio and Television, Jg. 23, 2003, Nº 3, pp. 211–229.
En un bar en Puero Cabezas, Nicaragua, un hombre se reúne con Darla dándole una información sobre un shaman y después trata de coquetearle, llamándola una mujer de dos sorpresas. Darla mata al hombre mostrándole su sorpresa número uno como una vampiresa, y se retira del bar revelando su sorpresa número dos: está embarazada.
Industria: una ferrería que solo trabaja en tiempo de invierno, en cuya estación se fabrican 1.000 quintales de fierro con 2 molinos harineros.
El matrimonio exogámico Arreglado: es uno en que un tercero busca y selecciona la novia y el novio con independencia de su grupo social, económico y cultural.
Corrió otro año más la Dauphiné en la que fue 16.º en su etapa reina acabada en Saint Gervais-Mont Blanc, pero de nuevo no volvió a correr el Tour de Francia.
La novia y el novio en todos los tipos anteriores de matrimonios arreglados, por lo general tienen el derecho a dar su consentimiento; si la novia o el novio o ambos no tienen derecho a dar su consentimiento, se le llama un matrimonio forzado.
Leve es la parte de la vida que como dioses rescatan los poetas. Poemas para Luis Cernuda. Edición de Miguel Losada. Ed. Revista Aurea, 2013. Madrid.
El emperador bizantino pretendía ser el "único soberano" y cabeza de la cristiandad, aunque en la práctica su prolongada decadencia no pudo sostener tal pretensión. En el prolongado periodo ocupado por el Imperio bizantino se distinguen dos fases, la inicial, plasmada en la idea de Eusebio de Cesarea de que tal como hay un solo Dios debe haber un solo Emperador,[5]​ desarrollada en el siglo X en la concepción del emperador como paterfamilias de una familia de reyes que eran los demás gobernantes del mundo.[6]​ Esas concepciones bizantinas de la naturaleza universal del poder imperial fueron heredadas por el Imperio otomano, especialmente con la adición del califato al sultanato.
El barrio sólo posee estaciones de las líneas 1 y 2 de metro, situadas en su límite sur y norte, respectivamente. Las estaciones que dan servicio al barrio son Antón Martín y Atocha, en la línea 1, y Sevilla y Banco de España, en la 2.
En el momento de la compra, la tarjeta se entrega al dependiente o cajero, que la pasa por el lector, cargándose un número de puntos proporcional al importe de la compra.
Anthony Edward "Tony" Visconti (24 de abril de 1944) es un productor discográfico y músico estadounidense. Desde finales de los años 1960, ha trabajado con una gran cantidad de bandas y artistas, entre los que destaca el músico británico David Bowie y la agrupación T. Rex.[1]​
En 1984 entró en la prestigiosa escuela Royal Academy of Dramatic Art de donde se graduó en 1987. Durante su primer año se ganó un premio por crear su propio drama llamado "Best Fight", el cual incluyó a personajes que estaban basados en amigos de su escuela.
"Utopía" es una canción de la cantante y actriz mexicana Belinda. Es el primer track de su segundo álbum de estudio que tiene el mismo título, así como en las reediciones Utopía 2, Utopía (Edición Especial Europea) y Utopía (Edición Especial Italiana).
PUEBLO NUEVO DEL MAR: l[ugar] con ayunt[amiento] de la prov[incia] [...] de Valencia (1/2 leg[ua]); Sit[uado] al E. de esta c[iudad] en la playa del mar é izq[uierda] de la desembocadura del r[ío] Turoa [...] Tiene 1,200 casas y chozas, casa de ayunt[amiento], en cuyo piso bajo está la cárcel, 2 escuelas de niños [...] 4 de niñas [...] igl[esia] parr[oquial] (Ntra. Sra. del Rosario) aneja de la de Sto. Tomás de Valencia [...] sit[uada] en la parte de la pobl[ación] que antes se llamaba Cabañal, y un cementerio al O. del pueblo inmediato á la igl[esia]. Los vec[inos] se surten para sus usos de 2 fuentes, denominadas de Gas y de la Cadena, y de otra que existe inmediata al pueblo, cuyas aguas son de muy buena calidad. Carece de térm[ino] propio, y la jurisd[icción] de su ayunt[amiento] solo se estiende al cas[erío] del pueblo. El terreno de sus inmediaciones es arenisco; cruzan el pueblo algunas acequias de la que sirven para riego de la huerta de Valencia [...] Hay 2 caminos que dirigen á Valencia, uno por la huerta que se halla en estado regular, y el otro por el nuevo del Frao [sic], que es hermoso [...] No hay más ind[ustria] que la pesca, en la que se ocupan muchos de sus habitantes. Pobl[ación]: 765 vec[inos], 4,857 alm[as] [...]Historia. Hasta principios de 1837 no tuvo tal denominacion este l[ugar], ni aun el carácter de pueblo; eran 2 barrios del part[ido] de Sto. Tomás de Valencia, conocidos con los nombres de Cabañal y Cañamelar [...]
Chika es una muy tímida estudiante de escuela media a la cual le falta confianza. Pechika tiene un uniforme parecido al de un chef, y trata de usar su estatus de Chica Mágica para aumentar su confianza, sin embargo, esta confianza fue destruida cuando se comparó a sí misma con sus increíbles compañeras de equipo, mas a lo largo de restart, su confianza lentamente aumenta. Ella es miembro del Equipo Clantail, siendo su cocinera ya que es incapaz de pelear al nivel de las otras debido a su habilidad, la cual le permite convertir cualquier cosa que toque con sus manos en comida en un plazo de 5 minutos, mas con el paso del tiempo ella comienza a disfrutar pelear. Ella es la décima Chica Mágica al morir, siendo atravesada por una flecha de Melville mientras protegía a Clantail.
Se compone de los colores amarillo y verde, dispuestos verticalmente en partes iguales, de manera que la parte amarilla corresponde al asta de la bandera. Las medidas normales de la bandera son: largo total 1.50 y ancho 1.05. Su color amarillo (oro) simboliza, nobleza, magnanimidad, riqueza, poder, constancia y sabiduría, el verde esperanza, fertilidad y amor por el agro.[9]​
En las dos siguientes campañas, las últimas de Divac en los Kings, el equipo cayó consecutivamente en las semifinales de la Conferencia Oeste contra los Dallas Mavericks primero y contra los Minnesota Timberwolves después, y en ambas ocasiones nuevamente por 4-3.
Los sistemas de tarjetas de fidelización y sus «programas de puntos» se basan en complejas soluciones de software de marketing relacional, así como en otros sistemas de gestión de puntos.
La EUROCAE y la RTCA, trabajan a menudo de forma conjunta. Algunos documentos, por ejemplo el DO-160 (ED-14), que trata sobre las influencias del entorno (ej. rayos), se desarrollan de forma conjunta. El documento DO-160 sirve como requisito mínimo en la industria aeronáutica para la protección de la electrónica frente a la influencia exterior, incluida la compatibilidad electromagnética.
El nombre del departamento hace honor al científico y patriota colombiano Francisco José de Caldas (1768 - 1816) quien, en su lucha por la independencia de Colombia fue fusilado por el ejército realista el 28 de octubre de 1816.
La 21.ª División de Montaña SS Skanderbeg (en alemán: 21. Waffen Gebirgs-Division der SS "Skanderbeg" [Albanische Nr. 1])fue una División de las Waffen SS creada por orden de Heinrich Himmler durante la Segunda Guerra Mundial, en marzo de 1944, formada por voluntarios albaneses y que recibe su nombre como homenaje al héroe nacional Gjergj Kastriot Skanderbeg.
San Cristóbal es una ciudad y municipio de la actual Provincia de Artemisa en Cuba. Hasta fines de 2010 perteneció a la Provincia de Pinar del Río.
Al inicio de su carrera era antimonárquico y liberal, e hizo duras críticas a los gobiernos conservadores de la década de 1870. A partir de la posterior división de la política brasileña entre republicanos y monárquicos, se alió a los defensores de la monarquía. En 1862 fue electo diputado provincial por Río Grande del Sur y en 1865 fundó en Porto Alegre el diario A Reforma. Este diario, después trasladado a Río de Janeiro, fue el órgano oficial de los federalistas gaúchos. En 1872 asumió como diputado general. En 1873 dimitió, pocos meses después de asumir el Ministerio de Hacienda, por no aceptar un proyecto del gobierno que proscribía de los cargos públicos a los ciudadanos no católicos. En 1880 fue elegido senador mientras que en su tierra natal enfrentaba una dura competencia política por parte de Júlio de Castilhos, su histórico adversario.
San Andrés Zautla (en náhuatl: tzauahua, tlan, ‘hilar, lugar’‘Tierra de hilanderos’)?es uno de los 570 municipios que conforman al estado mexicano de Oaxaca. Pertenece al distrito de Etla, dentro de la región valles centrales. Su cabecera es la localidad homónima.[2]​
Los Kings siguieron adquiriendo piezas, como el escolta Doug Christie, el base Mike Bibby (éste a cambio del citado Williams), o el alero serbio Peja Stojakovic, apadrinado y tutoreado por Divac en sus inicios en la franquicia californiana. Un espectacular baloncesto basado en la capacidad de pase del yugoslavo y de Webber llevó a Sacramento a la final de la Conferencia Oeste en la temporada 2001-02. En ese momento, fueron batidos por Los Angeles Lakers de Shaquille O'Neal y Kobe Bryant, a la postre tricampeones, en una emocionante eliminatoria, por 4 a 3.
You Wanna Be Americano (Tú quieres ser americano) es una canción de Lou Bega. Es un versión en idioma inglés de la canción Tu vuò fà l'americano del cantante italiano Renato Carosone. La versión de Bega comienza con un fragmento deThe Star-Spangled Banner. You Wanna Be Americano alcanzó el puesto nº38 en la Lista Italiana de Singles.
Reclutado en el verano de 2003, comenzó su carrera en el equipo de Bachillerato de la Universidad Popular Autónoma del Estado de Puebla UPAEP para después de 2 años ingresar en la misma Institución a la carrera de Ciencias de la Comunicación. UPAEP es una universidad mexicana con un equipo de baloncesto de gran prestigio y tradición que ha sido campeón nacional en 18 ocasiones; durante esta temprana etapa de su carrera fue que adquirió su primer famoso apodo del Grandul debido a sus 2.08 metros de estatura. Pese a ello se coronó con un bicampeonato nacional de CONADEIP (2005 y 2006), Una Copa universitaria Telcel (2004) y formar parte del cuadro ideal de CONADEIP en el 2005 y 2006; En 2005 fue subcampeón en el Estatal de Primera Fuerza Varonil en Chiapas, jugando para Villaflores y realizó una gira en cuatro sedes del mismo estado, reforzando a una selección estatal para medirse al HOPE College, a partir de esto decidió emigrar a la Universidad de San Jose State en California U.S. su paso por esta institución no llegó a un semestre debido a su pocas aptitudes para el estudio y el aprendizaje del idioma inglés, por lo decidió retornar a su país para formar parte del equipo Profesional Halcones de Xalapa, Veracruz y conseguir con ellos dos campeonatos de la LNBP (2007 y 2008) en ese país, así mismo durante la etapa con este equipo fue que adquirió su segundo famoso apodo del Titán Ayón.
También cuenta con un terminal de transportes, o de pasajeros de donde salen buses y taxis, tanto en el propio departamento como para la comunicación con otros, se encuentra en Manizales; otras modalidades de transporte son los jeep, utilizados particularmente en las zonas cafeteras y las chivas (buses escalera) utilizados frecuentemente en las zonas rurales.
La ciudad de San Cristóbal es atravesada por la Carretera Central y el Ferrocarril de Occidente y bordeada por la Autopista Habana-Pinar del Río. Una carretera une a San Cristóbal con Bahía Honda en la costa norte, a través de la Sierra del Rosario.
«iYiYi» es el sencillo debut del cantante australiano Cody Simpson. Es el sencillo principal de su álbum debut 4 U, y cuenta con la colaboración del rapero estadounidense Flo Rida y también el productor estadounidense DJ Frank E que no está acreditado como artista invitado. Los tres coescribieron la canción junto a Bei Maejor, Colby O'Donis, Jerome Armstrong, Michael White y Terrence Battle. Fue lanzado digitalmente en todo el mundo el 1 de junio de 2010.[1]​
A los griegos los maldijo Apolo con una plaga. (El complemento directo se encuentra tematizado por ocupar la primera posición de la oración).
Sharon Isbin comenzó sus estudios a los nueve años en Italia. Posteriormente fue alumna de Andrés Segovia, Oscar Ghiglia y Rosalyn Tureck. Colaboró con esta última en la adaptación de las suites para laúd de Bach a guitarra clásica (publicado por G. Schirmer). Terminó el Bachelor of Arts en la Universidad de Yale con cum laude y el Máster de Música de la Escuela de Música de la misma universidad.[1]​
Líder de su familia y dueña de su fortuna, Kanoe es una chica muy inteligente y persistente. Pfle anda en una silla de ruedas, sin embargo, ella es capaz de caminar normalmente. En uno de los Proyectos de Cranberry, ella manipuló a 98 Chicas Mágicas para que se mataran entre sí para salvarse a ella misma y Shadow Gale. Ella es la líder de Equipo Pfle y su habilidad le permite moverse en silla de ruedas a velocidades supersónicas, y después de que la silla de ruedas fue mejorada por Shadow Gale, puede viajar todavía más rápido y teniendo láseres y escudos agregados. Ella sobrevive a los eventos de restart.
Municipio de Portoviejo. «Alcaldes de Portoviejo». Archivado desde el original el 1967 - 1970. Consultado el 2 de agosto de 2009. «Gobierno Constitucional».
Mientras tanto, un chatarrero cazarrecompensas, que conoce a Marty desde muy pequeño, averigua sobre la famosa recompensa ofrecida por Von Rhymer, por lo que decide aprovechar esta oportunidad.
Son un escuadrón de robots asesinos dirigidos por Scar. Su armamento consiste en dos pequeñas hachas, de ahí su nombre. Son de color verde, con un único ojo amarillo. Sus técnicas son el Hachas Verdes Seis y la Orquídea de la Muerte.
El 22 de marzo de 2015, el cantón de Rivière-Pilote fue suprimido, en aplicación de la Ley nº 2011-884, de 27 de julio de 2011,[2]​ relativa a las colectividades de Guayana Francesa y Martinica; y específicamente de su artículo 8º, apartado L558-7,[3]​ y su comuna pasó a formar parte de la nueva sección de Sur.
En cambio, si disminuye el nivel de glucosa en la sangre, el páncreas libera menos insulina y más glucagón, una hormona que tiene múltiples efectos:
El primer volumen de la novela ligera comenzó a publicarse el 8 de junio de 2012 en Takarajimasha bajo su imprenta Kono Light Novel ga Sugoi! Bunko. 11 volúmenes han sido publicados hasta diciembre de 2016.
Nicoletta conserva el cariño del público, incluso a través de su potente voz de blues, bastante singular en el paisaje musical francés como Ray Charles, incluso dijo que era "el único de color blanco con un negro de voz".
Marty deja que Ally y Violeta se vayan pero ni siquiera logra dar un golpe al robot que le quiere destruir hasta que vienen Gaff y el Capitán Magnun para ayudarlo cuando se dan cuenta de que no pueden con eĺ Gaff se va con Marty. Salen de la Torre de Hierro sin acordarse de que estaban en él último piso.
Ustad Isa (استاد عيسى), traducido como Maestro Isa, fue un arquitecto persa o turco del siglo XVIII, a menudo identificado entre los principales arquitectos del mausoleo del Taj Mahal.
En China, los matrimonios arreglados (baoban hunyin, 包辦婚姻) - a veces llamados matrimonios a ciegas (manghun, 盲婚) - fueron la norma hasta mediados del siglo XX. Un matrimonio era una negociación y decisión entre los padres y los miembros de mayor edad de ambas familias. Al niño y la niña se les informaba que llegado el momento debían casarse, sin el derecho a dar su consentimiento, incluso si estos nunca se habían conocido antes del día de la boda.[18]​[19]​[20]​
Se ha especulado mucho sobre la pérdida de varios de los integrantes de ¡¡Cachún Cachún Ra Ra!!, con una supuesta maldición, pero, estos trágicos decesos son cosas del destino, cosas que pasan, de tiempos, de situaciones, pero en realidad no hay nada de maldición.[4]​
La retroalimentación negativa tiende a estabilizar un sistema corrigiendo las desviaciones del punto de ajuste y constituye el principal mecanismo que mantiene la homeostasis. Algunos ejemplos son la frecuencia cardíaca, la presión arterial, el ritmo respiratorio, el pH de la sangre, la temperatura corporal y la concentración osmótica de los fluidos corporales.
Rio es una sarcástica chica de lengua picante. Rionetta tiene la forma de un muñeco viviente, y desea el premio en efectivo por ganar el Proyecto de Keek para pagar la deuda de su padre con la mafia. Ella es miembro del Equipo Clantail y su habilidad le permite manipular muñecos, incluyendo cualquier cosa con forma humanoide, como un juguete o un cadáver. Ella se alió con Melville y usó el cadáver de Yumenoshima Genopsycho para tratar de matar a @NyanNyan. Ella es la novena Chica Mágica en morir, siendo asesinada por Melville tras revelarse contra ella al ser incapaz de traicionar al Equipo Clantail.
Steve sale con Karen Cairns, el 5 de junio de 2016 se anunció que la pareja le había dado la bienvenida a su primer bebé juntos, Frankie McFadden.[5]​[6]​
El carisma se encuentra especificado en el artículo segundo de las nuevas constituciones.La compañía de San Pablo se propone de elevar humanamente y de animar con espíritu evangélico las actividades sociales e individuales de la vida. Sus miembros tienen el deber de estar atentos a los problemas contemporáneos intentando interpretar los signos de los tiempos y dar una respuesta que exprese una novedad y un servicio a la luz del evangelio. El ejemplo es San Pablo que se hizo todo para todos.[9]​
El núcleo del Cabañal-Cañamelar fue declarado BIC (Bien de Interés Cultural) a iniciativa del grupo parlamentario de Esquerra Unida del País Valencià (EU-PV), por la Generalitat Valenciana en el año 1993, entonces gobernada por el Partido Socialista del País Valencià (PSOE-PSPV). En el decreto se incide en la peculiaridad de la trama urbana del barrio, en las que se desarrolla una arquitectura popular de clara raigambre eclecticista.[18]​
La población de La Isla se remonta a la época de colonización fenicia, pueblo que se asentó en ella alrededor del año 1100 a. C.. Posteriormente, los cartagineses sustituyeron a los fenicios en el control de ésta. Los romanos conocieron a la Isla de León como Antípolis. La zona vivió una época de crisis en la Edad Media, especialmente con la dominación visigoda. Desde el s. VIII hasta el s. XV se denominó El Lugar del Puente, desde 1493 o 1511 hasta 1729 se denominó La Isla de León.
Esta obra contiene una traducción parcial derivada de Manfred IV of Saluzzo de Wikipedia en inglés, concretamente de esta versión, publicada por sus editores bajo la Licencia de documentación libre de GNU y la Licencia Creative Commons Atribución-CompartirIgual 3.0 Unported.
Cresta del club se deriva de la de los Municipio de Sutton. La diferencia es que Unidos seleccionado sólo las partes de la cresta que representan el Sutton y Cheam, en oposición a las partes de cresta del Municipio, que significa Beddington, Wallington y Carshalton. Los discos de oro y de plata en el escudo son de los brazos del viejo burgo de Sutton y Cheam. Las llaves dentro de los discos de simbolizar la propiedad de Sutton por el Chertsey Abbey (según consta en el Domesday Book) que se encuentra en la parte superior de la placa es de los brazos de los Lumleys, antiguos señores de la mansión de Cheam Las cruces (ahora de oro en el escudo del club, pero el negro en el escudo de la ciudad de) representan el Sede de Canterbury, que celebró Cheam en el momento de la Canuto el Grande . La placa también cuenta con un casco medieval.
Esta obra contiene una traducción derivada de Tony Visconti de Wikipedia en inglés, publicada por sus editores bajo la Licencia de documentación libre de GNU y la Licencia Creative Commons Atribución-CompartirIgual 3.0 Unported.
Ella es una infantil y entusiasta estudiante de secundaria. Lapis Lazuline II lleva un vestido azul con una capa hecha de piel de tigre y una cola de tigre. Ella es miembro del Equipo Bell y su habilidad le permite teletransportarse a la ubicación de un set de gemas que posee, sin importar dónde o que tan distribuidas estén las gemas. Ella es la segunda Chica Mágica en usar el nombre Lapis Lazuline, habiéndolo heredado de su mentora Lapis Lazuline I, ya que su verdadero nombre de Chica Mágica es Blue Comet. Ella es la décimo primera Chica Mágica en morir al ser atravesada por una flecha en el pecho durante su combate con Melville.
Es considerado el fundador de la histología (ciencia que estudia los tejidos orgánicos y biológicos), por lo que también lo llaman el Padre de la histología. Tenía una gran capacidad de observación, estudioso de plantas, insectos, tejidos animales, embriones y órganos humanos al microscopio.
El Presidente Ricardo Lagos realizó una visita de Estado a Rusia en octubre de 2002,[12]​ Y el Presidente de Rusia, Vladimir Putin realizó una visita de Estado a Chile en noviembre de 2004, conjuntamente con la cumbre de la APEC celebrada en Santiago, La primera visita de un jefe de Estado ruso a Suramérica. [13]​ Michelle Bachelet realizó una visita oficial a Rusia desde el 4 de abril de 2009 a invitación de Dmitry Medvedev.[14]​
Vlade Divac tuvo el gran privilegio de compartir selección con dos grandes generaciones de jugadores balcánicos, que consiguieron importantes éxitos a nivel internacional. No obstante, la historia de Divac y del combinado nacional va intrínsecamente ligado al proceso de desmembramiento de la antigua Yugoslavia.
Hayabusa 2 (はやぶさ2, halcón peregrino?) es una nave espacial robótica de la Agencia Japonesa de Exploración Aeroespacial con la misión de recoger muestras de material del asteroide (162173) Ryugu y traerlas a la Tierra para su análisis.
El Grupo Fiat igual que en las temporadas anteriores fue el único equipo en anunciar un programa completo. Ese año decidió jubilar el Lancia Stratos y competir con el Fiat 131 Abarth.[1]​ A pesar de que Fiat era la favorita a llevarse el título, Ford con el Ford Escort RS1800 elaboró un programa más completo y terminó animándose a luchar por el título.[1]​
Kenny Elissonde es un ciclista francés nacido el 26 de julio de 1991 en Longjumeau. Debutó como profesional en el equipo FDJ en 2012 y actualmente milita en las filas del conjunto Team Sky.
La mayor parte de su obra está redactada en latín, como era la costumbre de esos años. Desde 1667, mantuvo una estrecha relación con la Royal Society de Londres, institución a la que poco antes de morir envió toda su labor científica, cartas y debates.
Cuevas de Tamana (en inglés: Tamana caves) es un sistema de cuevas situado en la ladera norte del monte Tamana en el este de Trinidad.[1]​ El monte Tamana se eleva 307 metros, se trata de una colina plana rematada, de piedra caliza del Mioceno, de la Formación Tamana en la Cordillera Central del Este.
Mina es una chica universitaria y la gemela idéntica mayor de Yuna, juntas forman a las Peaky Angels. Es una chica que actúa y luce idéntica a su hermana, ellas están siempre juntas. Es egocéntrica, parlanchina y busca llamar la atención al igual que su hermana Yuna. Al transformarse es una pequeña ángel de una sola ala, aunque aún así puede volar con normalidad. Tiene la habilidad de transformarse en cualquier objeto inanimado, es débil sin embargo puede ser muy útil en combinación con su grupo para realizar ataques por sorpresa o obtener información del oponente. Ella es la décima primera Chica Mágica en morir siendo atravesada en el corazón por Cranberry.
Un value menu es un grupo de platos en un restaurante de comida rápida que usualmente tienen un precio de 2 dólares o menos. El value menu es único en el sentido de que los platos vendidos tienen un precio más bajo que el de muchos de los otros platos en el menú. La calidad de la comida con frecuencia (aunque no siempre) está relacionada con su precio. Es el consumidor en última instancia quien decide lo que quiere llevar, de acuerdo a lo que ofrece el menú y a la preferencia de éste; y el value menu atrae algunas veces a aquellos que deciden comer un bocado rápido sin tener que comprar otros productos tales como bebidas y demás productos secundarios que están incluidos en los platos completos y que necesariamente tienen un precio más alto.
EUROCAE se ocupa de tareas relacionadas con el uso de dispositivos eléctricos y electrónicos. La organización estandariza requisitos para los dispositivos de electrónica tanto en los aviones como para sistemas terrestres para la localización y navegación aérea y desarrolla normas y documentos al respecto.
Kotasaurus (“lagarto de Kota”) es un género representado por una única especie de dinosaurio saurisquio saurópodo, que vivió a principios del período Jurásico, hace aproximadamente 185 millones de años, en el Toarciano, en lo que hoy es subcontinente indio.
En 2017 recibió el galardón en los Premios AVN a la Mejor escena de sexo en grupo[2]​ por Orgy Masters 8.[3]​ En esos premios también tuvo una nominación a la Mejor escena de sexo lésbico en grupo por Girls Girls Girls.[4]​
Tiny Toon Adventures: Babs' Big Break (también conocido como Tiny Toon Adventures) fue el primer videojuego de los Tiny Toons lanzado para Nintendo Game Boy. Apareció en 1992 y fue desarrollado y publicado por Konami.
Son cuatro robots que sobrevivieron a las guerras robot a los que el general ordena que eliminen a Marty. Son cuatro androides con aspecto de samurai dorado y marrón, cada uno especializado en un arma y con sus propias características. Sus nombres son Rayo, Viento, Nube y Lluvia, y sus habilidades van en armonía con el nombre, siendo capaces además de crear una gran tormenta combinando sus poderes. Estos cuatro guerreros atacan a Marty y Shadow en el glaciar, y son brevemente contenidos por este último antes de hundir el hielo alrededor de los fugitivos para hacerles caer al abismo, creyéndoles muertos. Después, mientras Marty pelea con Eiger, Shadow y el capitán Magnun contienen a uno de ellos. Luego son destruidos por Marty.
Desafortunadamente, la próxima década resultó ser uno de poco éxito para el club y Sutton pasó por una sucesión de directivos, incluyendo Ted Powell y Dario Gradi, ambos de quien jugó para el equipo y pasó a administrar en los niveles superiores. No fue sino hasta Keith Blunt se encargó de que el éxito volviera a Gander Green Lane. Su mayor logro fue ganar el Anglo-Italian Cup en 1979, después de un sorpresivo 2-1 sobre Chieti. Esta fue la única vez que un club Inglés ganó el honor en su era semi-profesional.
La principal red hidrográfica del departamento está representada en los ríos Magdalena y Cauca, vertientes de las 13 cuencas que conforman el departamento, las más importantes de estas son la de los ríos La Miel y Chinchiná, las más grandes respectivamente y a su vez las más ricas hídricamente, otros ríos importantes y cuencas a la vez son el Arma, Guarinó, Samaná Sur, Pácora, Pozo, Tareas, Tapias, Supía, Risaralda, San Francisco y Campo Alegre. La mayoría de los páramos de la cordillera central y unos pocos de las montañas de la cordillera occidental como los ríos Risaralda y Supía. En Caldas también se encuentran embalses o centrales Hidroeléctricas, La Miel I, es la más importante, entre otras se encuentra La Esmeralda en el municipio de Chinchiná, otros espejos de agua, esta vez naturales son la Laguna de San Diego y la Charca de Guarinocito.
Nacido en Hartford, Cheshire (Inglaterra), realizó sus estudios en el Ardingly College. A los catorce años dejó la escuela para hacerse actor teatral y tres años después viajó a Estados Unidos para empezar a trabajar en Broadway, actuando en 1887 en la pieza titulada The First Born.
El nombre de Córdoba tenía la finalidad de rendirle un homenaje al prócer antioqueño. Pero Uribe Uribe fue derrotado con la oposición de las representaciones de Cauca, Antioquia y Cundinamarca, varios ministros del Despacho y la inmensa mayoría conservadora de la Asamblea Nacional Constituyente.[8]​
Stromiec es un pueblo de Polonia, en Mazovia.[1]​ Es la cabecera del distrito (Gmina) de Stromiec, perteneciente al condado (Powiat) de Białobrzegi. Se encuentra aproximadamente a 10 kilómetros al este de Białobrzegi, y a 65 km al sur de Varsovia.Su población es de 909 habitantes.
El 18 de diciembre de 2011, recibe una oferta de los New Orleans Hornets la cual es aceptada por el jugador y por el Fuenlabrada poniendo así rumbo a la NBA. Durante su primera temporada en la NBA fue ganando minutos llegando a promediar 20 minutos por partido, 5.9 puntos y 4.9 rebotes.
Moyle, P. y J. Cech.: Fishes: An Introduction to Ichthyology, 4a. edición, Upper Saddle River, Nueva Jersey, Estados Unidos: Prentice-Hall. Año 2000.
Su última incursión ante la pantalla por el momento fue ¡Hagamos el humor! (2005), un programa emitido por Canal Sur que presentó con Yvonne Reyes.
Ese domingo, los representantes del municipio, encabezados por su alcalde, se reúnen en la sede municipal, sita en la Plaza de San Marcelo (que en la segunda mitad del siglo XX se conocía popularmente como la Plaza de las Palomas) y acompañados por la Banda Municipal de Música, que acompasa el cortejo con los sones del Himno de León, y escoltados por los Maceros y la Guardia Municipal, enarbolando el Pendón Real de León, emblema de representación de la ciudad, que se custodia en el Ayuntamiento, se dirigen hacia la Real Colegiata y Basílica de San Isidoro portando un cirio de una arroba y dos hachas de cera.
El pronombre "lo" (sólo en su forma masculina y singular) puede también sustituir a un atributo y no sólo a un complemento directo. Por lo tanto, antes de la sustitución se debe reparar en si la oración es predicativa o atributiva.
Se ha enfrentado a los Cuatro Barones Invencibles, primero contra todos ellos, y después únicamente contra Lluvia. También ha luchado contra los Centauros Acorazados y contra el General.
Cuando Jorge Robledo entró en el territorio caldense, Titirama y Pimarucua fueron los primeros caciques con quienes tuvo contacto en las faldas del Río Pozo, los cuales se encontraban en sus sementares provistas de armas, fue por el hecho de haber herido mortalmente a Robledo que los conquistadores le declararon la guerra a muerte a los indígenas cometiendo crueldades en esta provincia, Marmato fue descubierto en el año de 1536 por los soldados que bajo la orden del conquistador español Sebastián de Belalcazar, se encontraban a cargo del mariscal Jorge Robledo. En 1538 el conquistador Juan Badillo y sus soldados reconocieron el territorio pero al parecer no se animaron a permanecer en la región debido a que sus pobladores aborígenes (los Cartamas) se encontraban en pie de guerra, el 15 de agosto de 1539 Robledo funda Anserma, el conquistador Sebastián de Belalcázar, le ordena al Capitán Miguel López Muñoz fundar una villa el 25 de julio de 1542 se funda Santiago de Arma, ofendido con el Mariscal Jorge Robledo al que persigue y acosa. Miguel López fue encargado por Sebastián de Belalcázar en territorios de los aborígenes Concuyes o Armas que pocos años antes ya había descubierto Jorge Robledo, dicha delegación no era con el criterio de levantar un pueblo perdurable, sino más bien como una fuerza militar desde la cual tratarían de someter a las tribus vecinas. Robledo tras su incursión a territorio caldense, exterminó varias tribus indígenas y fundó colonias dando comienzo a una nueva era en el departamento.
(Una explicación anotada de cada caso enjuiciado en virtud del artículo 58.10 del Código Penal soviético desde la muerte de Stalin hasta la caída del comunismo con referencia a los archivos pertinentes de los archivos estatales de la Federación de Rusia [GARF] para los investigadores)
Sabemos que, aparte del Maestro Isa, también participaron en la construcción: un arquitecto turco, Isa Muhammad Effendi, discípulo de Sinan, Gerónimo Veroneo de Venecia y Amanat Shirazi de Persia.
Además ha trabajado para artistas de la talla de Tool, Smashing Pumpkins, Muse, Silverchair y Rush, abarcando géneros y generaciones, que va llevando a un sonido que es a la vez familiar y progresiva. También cosecha trabajos con bandas de hard rock agresivo como Stone Sour, Godsmack, Staind, y Coheed and Cambria, mientras se mantiene una conexión con otros extremos del espectro con artistas como King Crimson y Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan.
Evitación: los organismos evitadores minimizan las variaciones internas utilizando algún mecanismo de escape comportamental que les permite evitar los cambios ambientales, ya sea espacial (buscando microhábitats no estresantes como cuevas, escondrijos; o a mayor escala, las migraciones) o temporal (hibernación, sopor, diapausa, huevos y pupas resistentes).
El Ypané es un río de Paraguay, que discurre en sentido este - oeste hasta desembocar en el río Paraguay. Nace en la cordillera de Amambay, en sus primeros kilómetros de recorrido discurre a través del departamento de Amambay y luego constituye el límite natural entre los departamentos de Concepción y San Pedro, desemboca en el río Paraguay justo al sur de la ciudad de Concepción.
Telmatobius atahualpai es una especie de anfibio anuro de la familia Telmatobiidae. Se encuentra en la Cordillera Central (norte de Perú) entre los 2000 y los 4000 msnm.[1]​
La crítica del concepto dominus mundi ("señor" del mundo) a partir de la crisis de la escolástica se expresó en filósofos como Nicolás Oresme.[1]​ Otros autores que reflexionaron sobre el asunto fueron, ya en el humanismo, Erasmo de Rotterdam[2]​ y Guillaume Postel.[3]​
La falta de información completa y fiable en cuanto a noticias sobre el proyecto, ha causado innumerables especulaciones. La construcción del Taj Mahal se inició en 1632 y duró 22 años. Investigaciones recientes sugieren que el arquitecto persa Ustad Ahmad Lahauri fue probablemente el principal arquitecto de la obra, una afirmación basada en una reclamación presentada en los escritos por el hijo de Lutfullah Lahauri Muhasndis.[1]​ En la construcción participaron los maestros albañiles de todo el mundo, incluido el Imperio Otomano, la India, Persia y de Italia.
El capitán Juan Pardo fue un explorador y conquistador español de origen judío,[cita requerida] que estuvo activo en la segunda mitad del siglo XVI. Encabezó dos expediciones españolas en el Sureste de Estados Unidos, a través de lo que hoy son Carolina del Norte y Carolina del Sur y el este de Tennessee. Durante su primera expedición, Pardo entabló buenas relaciones con las tribus indias y buscó principalmente alimentos para la misión jesuíta de Santa Elena, estableciendo además el Fuerte San Felipe (1566), los primeros asentamientos españoles en Carolina del Sur.
Dicha sentencia, de 25 de mayo de 2009,[12]​ confirmaba la obligación del Ministerio de Cultura de resolver la cuestión, basándose en informes técnicos de instituciones consultivas. Tras recibir y estudiar estos informes, el Ministerio de Cultura emitió orden publicada el 4 de enero de 2010,[13]​ donde se concluye que el PEPRI constituye expolio del conjunto Histórico del Cabanyal, resaltando los siguientes motivos:
El Cóndor de los Andes, los colibrí, el oso de anteojos y la danta son algunas de las especies más destacadas del páramo o de los Nevados, en cambio en bosques de La Dorada y Norcasia, habitan zorros, osos hormigueros, venados y micos aulladores, sin contar con la fauna ganadera de esta región, mientras que en los municipios aledaños a Manizales, como Villamaría, Chinchiná entre otros, cientos de aves invitan a contemplar los hermoso de la región en su mayoría los colibríes. En cuanto a flora el Frailejón, aguaceral o colchón de agua y la loricaria o falso coral en los Nevados y sus páramos aledaños, en el resto del departamento, es el más representativo, además se puede encontrar el pino Colombiano, sietecueros, arrayá el cual es el árbol emblema de Manizales, también el Yarumo muy conocido en la ciudad, laurel negro, comino, encenillo, la famosa palma de cera y bosques de guadua, de los cuales extraen y transforman en hermosos productos, estos comprenden o habitan en todos los pisos térmicos estas constituyen partes del patrimonio arbóreo caldense.
Hans Caninenberg (15 de enero de 1913 - 29 de junio de 2008) fue un actor teatral, cinematográfico y televisivo, además de escritor, de nacionalidad alemana.
Yadagiri, P. 2001. The osteology Kotasaurus yamanpalliensis, a sauropod dinosaur from the Early Jurassic Kota Formation of India. Journal of Vertebrate Paleontology, 21, 2, 242-252.
La Infanta Doña Sancha, hermana del Rey Alfonso VII, al enterarse de lo ocurrido, fue a buscar los restos. Ante la imposibilidad de su traslado, se mantuvo orando y guardó ayuno durante tres días junto al arca que contenía los restos del Santo. Los restos del Santo habían sido trasladados a León bajo el auspicio de Doña Sancha. La Infanta prometió que nunca más los restos de San Isidoro volverían a salir del templo donde se custodiaban y donde aún hoy permanecen. Después de efectuada esta promesa, aparecieron tres mancebos que pudieron levantar, con milagrosa facilidad, el arca que contenía los restos de San Isidoro para regresarlos de nuevo a la Basílica.
Memphis Tigers (español: Tigres de Memphis) es el equipo deportivo de la Universidad de Memphis. Los equipos de los Tigers participan en las competiciones universitarias organizadas por la NCAA, y forma parte de la American Athletic Conference.
La región cafetera de Caldas, Risaralda, Quindío y el Valle del Cauca, fue incluida en la lista del Patrimonio mundial como Paisaje cultural cafetero en el 2011 por el comité de Patrimonio de la Humanidad de la UNESCO, convirtiéndose en un lugar de interés cultural y natural.
Yuna es una chica universitaria y la gemela idéntica menor de Mina, juntas forman a las Peaky Angels. Es una chica que actúa y luce idéntica a su hermana, ellas están siempre juntas. Es egocéntrica, parlanchina y busca llamar la atención al igual que su hermana Mina. Al transformarse es una pequeña ángel de una sola ala, aunque aún así puede volar con normalidad. Tiene la habilidad de transformarse en cualquier ser viviente, ya sea una persona o un animal al igual que su hermana no era muy fuerte pero puede trabajar muy bien en equipo. Ella es la quinta Chica Mágica en morir al ser asesinada por Weiss Winterprison.
En ciertas zonas de España, como Madrid, es frecuente el leísmo de persona, que consiste en sustituir la forma del pronombre de tercera persona para el complemento directo lo o la por la forma del pronombre de tercera persona para el complemento directo le, al contrario que lo que es habitual en Hispanoamérica. En parte de España, pues, es corriente oír «Pedro le mató» o «Pedro lo mató» indistintamente, donde le o lo funcionan como complementos directos. La Real Academia Española admite esta construcción.
Bring It On: All or Nothing (Triunfos Robados 3: Todo o Nada en Hispanoamérica y A por todas: De nuevo una vez más en España) es una película estadounidense de 2006, la tercera entrega de la serie de películas de Bring it On que gira en torno a equipos de porristas en diferentes escuelas. Dirigida por Steve Rash, la película fue lanzada directamente a DVD el 8 de agosto de 2006 por Universal Pictures. [1]​
Ha sido internacional con la Selección de baloncesto de México, y en agosto de 2009 disputó el Premundial de Úbeda donde había cuatro plazas para el Mundial en juego.
Marty logra entrar en la torre con ayuda de Gaff y Shadow. Dentro se encuentra a los tres varones invencibles que quedan y uno a uno los derrota. Ally logra entrar por una abertura al Gigantor con Buttons gracias a Violeta y el Capitán Magnum. Juntos buscan una pieza del enorme robot, el descodificador. Marty está frente al General.
Moyle, P. y J. Cech.: Fishes: An Introduction to Ichthyology, 4a. edición, Upper Saddle River, Nueva Jersey, Estados Unidos: Prentice-Hall. Año 2000.
José Cipriano Paulino Ayuso (Valencia, 22 de septiembre de 1945 - Madrid, 29 de mayo de 2013[1]​), fue un hispanista y crítico literario español.
Sanae es una mujer enojada y amargada con un complejo de superioridad enorme, parte de la élite, cree que todos son unos idiotas y deberían estar bajo su control a pesar de ser una simple empleada de una oficina trabajando para otros a quienes considera idiotas por no valorarla. Tiene una actitud condescendiente, de superioridad absoluta, e incluso llega a abusar psicológica y emocionalmente de sus compañeras, forma un grupo de subordinadas para su beneficio: Swim Swim, Tama y las Peaky Angels. Ambiciosa y de mal carácter, hace planes para verse beneficiada en el juego, pero también intenta que su equipo sea fuerte. Al transformarse en Ruler, su cabello se vuelve púrpura, usa un traje de princesa, con corona y un báculo, este le da su habilidad de dar a cualquiera una orden y la cumpla, pero solo si esta en un radio de cinco metros a la redonda y se mantiene en la misma posición. Ella es la segunda Chica Mágica en morir después de ser traicionada por Swim Swim y de posicionarse última en el segundo ranking.
Según la leyenda, el entonces gobernante de Persia, Szahdżahan, después de terminar el edificio, mando arrancar los ojos o cegar al arquitecto para que nunca fuera capaz de crear algo tan hermoso.
Si la cercanía al protestantismo trajo "desunión más que unión" al imperio británico, y el catolicismo unidad ideológica al español, es cuestión poco evidente;[14]​ siendo más bien las cuestiones económicas y el federalismo político los principios que proporcionaron unidad a un imperio que no podía sostener firmemente el principio de unidad religiosa (en:Imperial Federation -"federación imperial"- promovida Joseph Chamberlain).
El primer álbum homónimo fue reeditado el 25 de febrero del 2008, por la disquera Rock Candy records en CD con material extra, una versión extendida de "Don't Break MY Heart" incluyendo canciones adicionales en vivo, un tema extra "Don't Look Back" y un folleto a todo color de 16 páginas con las ilustraciones originales y nuevos.
Liu Xianying –en chino, 刘 显英– (Ji'an, 8 de julio de 1977) es una deportista china que compitió en biatlón, ganadora de una medalla de plata en el Campeonato Mundial de Biatlón de 2005, en la prueba de 10 km persecución.[1]​
La Agricultura en Caldas ocupa un segundo lugar en su economía, este sector representado en su mayoría por el cultivo de café, convirtiendo a Caldas en el segundo productor a nivel nacional con el (15%), después de Antioquia, su principal procesadora de grano a nivel departamental se encuentra en Chinchiná; además del cafe se cultivan otros productos como el plátano, la macadamia, feijoa, la caña de azúcar, soya, limon, granadilla, aguacate, remolacha, pepino cohombro, caña panelera, habichuela y zanahoria, entre otros.
En 1966 el Ayuntamiento presentó el que sería su más ambicioso proyecto hasta la fecha. El Plan General de Ordenación Urbana de 1966 proyecta para el Cabanyal una vía de 100 metros sobre la retícula del barrio, para encontrase a pie de playa con la autopista de Barcelona. El Plan Parcial 13, que era el que contenía esta propuesta, fue modificado en los siguientes años, y encuentra similaridades con el trazado propuesto en el PEPRI.[8]​
En la temporada 2015/2016 se proclama campeón de la Copa del Rey con el Real Madrid y es elegido MVP de la final ante Gran Canaria tras terminar con 15 puntos, 6 rebotes y 23 de valoración, en lo que suponía su primer reconocimiento a nivel individual.[5]​
Angela Scheider: Auguste und Carl von Littrow. Detailstudie einer bürgerlichen Familie des 19. Jahrhunderts. Dissertation, Universität Wien 1999.
Estudió primero composición en Buenos Aires con Constantino Gaito, y siguió más adelante su formación en París con Albert Roussel. A su vuelta a Argentina, López Buchardo contribuyó mucho para establecer las instituciones que dieron vida musical a su país:fue, durante 32 años, presidente de la Asociación Wagneriana, creada en 1912. En 1932 creó la Escuela Superior de Bellas Artes de la Universidad Nacional de La Plata. Integró el directorio del Teatro Colón, y en 1936 fue nombrado miembro de número de la Academia Nacional de Bellas Artes.[1]​En 1924, el Gobierno Nacional le encomendó la creación y dirección del Conservatorio Nacional de Música y Arte Escénico. Lopéz Buchardo lo dirigió hasta su muerte en 1948.
Comenzó su temporada 2013 en el Tour Down Under finalizando en decimotercera posición. Él planea participar en el Giro de Italia, su primera gran vuelta importante, pero en última instancia, no participa en la ronda italiana. Acabó como el mejor joven en el Tour de Omán y en el Tour de l'Ain.
BitTyrant es un cliente BitTorrent modificado a partir del código base del Azureus 2.5 basado en Java. BitTyrant está diseñado para dar preferencia a clientes que suben archivos rápidamente y limitar a los que lo hacen lentamente. Es software libre y multiplataforma, y actualmente está disponible para Windows, Mac OS X, y Linux.[1]​
Una hembra de ácaro del queso puede poner hasta 800 huevos durante su vida, a una media de entre 20 a 30 por día. El ciclo completo de huevo a ácaro adulto dura 10 días a temperatura ambiente.
José María Montalvo de la Cantera, V conde del Castillo, VII Marquesado de San Felipe y Santiago, IV conde de Casa Montalvo. Perdió sus derechos judicialmente a favor de:
El club disfrutó de un memorable FA Cup llevada a cabo en 1988 en la que entró en la conciencia nacional. Introdujo en la competencia en la cuarta ronda de clasificación, venciendo a Walton & Hersham, a Dagenham y a Aylesbury Unidos para establecer una tercera ronda de adecuado en Primera División, Coventry City, que había ganado el trofeo de . hace 18 meses.En un juego memorable, Sutton ganó 2-1 con goles de Tony Rains y Hanlan Mateo, se unió a un pequeño número de clubes de la Liga-no para vencer a oponentes de primera división en la competencia.
Su principal aporte fue la observación de los capilares, comunicaciones arterio-venosas del pulmón y ramificaciones bronquiales, recogida en su obra De Pulmonibus (1661).
En las comunidades pobres, cada boca adulta que alimentar se vuelve una carga continua. El arreglar un matrimonio de una hija, dicen los académicos,[52]​ es una forma de reducir este problema. La pobreza, entonces, es un conductor de los matrimonios arreglados.
En febrero de 2013, fue traspasado a los Milwaukee Bucks junto con Ish Smith y J.J. Redick a cambio de Beno Udrih, Doron Lamb y Tobias Harris.[3]​ En julio de 2013, los Milwaukee Bucks no hacen efectiva la extensión de su contrato y decide acordar jugar en los Atlanta Hawks.
Esta obra contiene una traducción derivada de Hypostomus derbyi de Wikipedia en catalán, publicada por sus editores bajo la Licencia de documentación libre de GNU y la Licencia Creative Commons Atribución-CompartirIgual 3.0 Unported.
Posteriormente se dedicará a a la música góspel con su nuevo espectáculo Nicoletta en el Casino de París (1999) y su gira europea (2001/2002).
Durante la Era Showa en 1928 se produce la adquisición del terreno del parque por tres años, por parte de la municipalidad de Osaka fueron creados el bosque de bambú, el estanque, y un jardín paisajista.
58-1в. En caso de fuga del delincuente en traición, sujeto al 58-1б (sólo personal militar), sus familiares serán sometidos a 5-10 años de prisión con confiscación o 5 años de exilio a Siberia, dependiendo de las circunstancias: ya sea que ayudaron o sabían y no informaron o simplemente vivieron con el delincuente.
Aunque los balcánicos se impusieron en la final del torneo a la URSS, por 92-75, durante la celebración del título un aficionado croata, envuelto en una bandera homónima, saltó a la cancha y fue expulsado de la misma por Divac, mientras éste exclamaba que aquel día «había ganado Yugoslavia, no Croacia».[6]​
Algunas dominaciones religiosas reconocen los matrimonios sólo dentro de la misma fe. De las principales religiones del mundo, sólo el Islam prohíbe el matrimonio de las niñas nacidas de un padre devoto con un hombre que no pertenece a esa religión. En otras palabras, el Islam prohíbe el matrimonio de las jóvenes musulmanas con hombres no musulmanes,[104]​ y el castigo religioso para los que se casan fuera de esta es la muerte.[105]​ Esta es una de las motivaciones de los matrimonios arreglados en las poblaciones minoritarias islámicas en Europa.[106]​[107]​
Diseñado por el arquitecto Oscar Niemeyer con la ayuda del ingeniero estructural Bruno Contarini, es una de las últimas obras realizadas por Niemeyer a sus 100 años. El Museo de Arte Contemporáneo de Niterói tiene 16 metros de alto y su cúpula un diámetro de 50 metros, con tres pisos. Proyecta sobre el mirador de Boa Viagem ("Buen Viaje") una superficie de 817 metros cuadrados que rodea la base cilíndrica "como una flor", en palabras de Niemeyer.
Marty había tenido el permiso del Maestro Yang para ir a buscar a Ally y dejó a Buttons en la Casa Eon, Buttons entonces se propone practicar con el Maestro Yang para ser tan hábil como Marty y que no lo deje atrás. Marty había llegado muy rápido a la torre y entró como si nada. Pero a Ally le habían borrado la memoria y no se acordaba de nada. Cuando Marty llega a un piso y se encuentra con un gran robot que no puede destruir.
Durante y después de la Segunda Guerra Mundial, el artículo 58 se utilizó para encarcelar a algunos de los prisioneros de guerra soviéticos devueltos sobre la base de que su captura y detención por las Potencias del Eje durante la guerra era una prueba de que no luchaban hasta la muerte y eran por lo tanto antisoviéticos.
Fue reconocido con el premio Jugador Revelación de la ACB de la temporada 2011 obteniendo la máxima puntuación posible y venciendo a jugadores como Nikola Mirotic (Real Madrid) o Xavi Rabaseda, su compañero en el Baloncesto Fuenlabrada.[1]​
En 1669 se convirtió en el primer italiano miembro de la Royal Society. También en 1669 realizó su histórico estudio embriológico, el primero en su clase, sobre la estructura y el desarrollo del gusano de seda. Agobiado por la envidia de muchos de sus colegas, en 1684 su casa en Bolonia fue incendiada; en compensación, el papa Inocencio XII le nombró su médico personal y lo acogió en Roma con todos los honores.
Los puntos acumulados dan derecho a la obtención de regalos, descuentos en productos habituales o servicios gratuitos. Para divulgarlo, las empresas editan folletos o catálogos que reparten a los usuarios informando de los regalos que pueden obtener en función de los puntos por canjear. Evidentemente, éstos son de mayor envergadura cuanto mayor es la cuantía obtenida.
Desde el punto de vista jerárquico de la Iglesia Católica forma parte de la Diócesis de Abancay la cual, a su vez, pertenece a la Arquidiócesis de Cusco.[2]​
El club se formó el 5 de marzo de 1898, cuando Sutton Gremio Rovers FC y Sutton Asociación F.C. (Antes Sutton St Barnabas FC) acordaron fusionarse durante una reunión en el Hotel Robin Hood.
El 5 de diciembre de 1940, el Thor entró en combate contra el crucero auxiliar británico Carnarvon Castle (20.122 TRB, 8 cañones de 15,2 cm), al mando de Henry Noel Marryat Hardy. También en este caso pudo el Thor dañarlo y escapar.
Su catálogo vocal incluye óperas, misas, comedias musicales y unas cincuenta canciones. Su obra eludió las grandes estructuras formales y la elocuencia sinfónica a excepción de la única obra para gran orquesta que llegó a escribir, "Escenas argentinas" que se estrenó en 1922 en el Teatro Colón con la Filarmónica de Viena.
George queda herido luego de haber sido atacado por el robot del cazarrecompensas, sin embargo, Ally logra hacerle una reparación temporal, ya que esa, era una de las tantas cualidades de Ally, y que iban a ser aprovechadas por su padrastro Von Rhymer.
El cantón de Rivière-Pilote era una división administrativa francesa, que estaba situada en el departamento de Martinica y la región de Martinica.[1]​
Tras el derrocamiento de Benito Mussolini en julio de 1943, el territorio de la Albania Italiana que hasta entonces era ocupado por tropas del Regio Esercito, fue invadido por fuerzas de la Wehrmacht que instalaron allí en septiembre de 1943 un régimen de ocupación y obtuvieron el apoyo de nacionalistas albaneses; tal situación creó un ambiente propicio para que los mandos militares alemanes aceptaran la idea de fundar una unidad militar compuesta por albaneses que luchara al lado de las Waffen SS en los Balcanes, en contra de los partisanos yugoslavos.
El municipio de Ruth C Rural se encuentra ubicado en las coordenadas 36°38′50″N 93°20′40″O. Según la Oficina del Censo de los Estados Unidos, el municipio tiene una superficie total de 10.58 km², de la cual 7,26 km² corresponden a tierra firme y (31,32 %) 3,31 km² es agua.[3]​
Matrimonios no consanguíneos endogámicos limitan el número de parejas potenciales disponibles, sobre todo cuando el tamaño de la población para la religión o casta o grupo es pequeño; una limitada cantidad de parejas potenciales alienta el arreglo de matrimonios cuasi-organizados.[76]​[77]​
En la medida en que el choque entre monárquicos y republicanos se agudizaba, optó por el parlamentarismo, transformándose en uno de sus mayores defensores. Poco tiempo antes de la proclamación de la república, fue consejero de estado y luego presidente de la provincia de Río Grande del Sur.
Los orígenes de la compañía de San Pablo están vinculados a la ciudad de Milán y con la realidad italiana de los primero años del siglo XX. En 1925 el papa Pío XI confió a esta comunidad la gestión administrativa del Osservatore Romano y esto determino que la nueva experiencia apostólica fuera conocida más allá de las fronteras del país de origen. Los primeros paulinos se destacaron por un empeño de carácter social. Crearon escuelas profesionales, organizaron los círculos juveniles, promovieron la creación de bibliotecas, comedores populares y casas de asistencia para madres solteras. En un contexto histórico colocado entre las dos guerras mundiales y en una situación de carencia y necesidad la obra de la compañía conquisto el interés de la sociedad y se convirtió en un puente de unión entre creyentes y ateos.[4]​
En 1853 al crearse el municipio de Cuajinicuilapa, Punta Maldonado carecía de importancia política y comercial por lo que quedó integrada a este nuevo municipio.
Pardo no logró encontrar un camino a Zacatecas, pero sí estableció una buena relación con los jefes indios, construyó y estableció guarniciones en varios fuertes y localizó yacimientos de cristal, todo ello sin perder un hombre. Aun así, Pardo no ayudó a resolver el problema de los asentamientos en La Florida, ya que los fuertes estaban demasiado tierra adentro y los indios ignoraron las demandas de los pocos soldados españoles que permanecieron en ellos. Los eruditos creen que los fuertes fueron finalmente abandonados, aunque otras fuentes recogen que los nativos habrían quemado los cinco fuertes españoles establecidos por los hombres de Juan Pardo y que habrían asesinado a todos los españoles que permanecían en ellos.
Se llaman tarjetas de fidelización porque lo que busca el empresario es que el cliente, atraído por la obtención de puntos (y los regalos posteriores), consuma con mayor frecuencia los productos y servicios de su marca en detrimento de las competidoras.
El 28 de julio de 1940, el Thor combatió contra el crucero auxiliar Alcántara (22.209 TRB, 8 cañones de 15,2 cm), logrando inmovilizar a ese buque que le era superior en armamento y tamaño, y huir. En ese combate alcanzaron al Thor dos obuses enemigos, uno de los cuales no explotó. El otro lo hizo a la altura de los tubos torpederos de estribor, matando a tres marineros e hiriendo a otros, pero sin dañar gravemente al barco.
Durante los primeros años del México independiente Punta Maldonado "El Faro" junto con Cuajinicuilapa, San Nicolás y Maldonado quedaron integradas al Estado de Puebla y este funciono como el puerto más importante de este Estado sobre las costas poblanas en el Océano Pacífico.
Estos arácnidos se mueven rápidamente, pudiendo llegar a contaminar los alimentos y causar irritación cutánea e intestinal. Prefieren el queso curado al fresco, y suelen buscar entornos cálidos y húmedos donde habitar.
En la primavera de 1962, se acordó un diálogo directo con los líderes izquierdistas aglutinados en el partido Unidad Revolucionaria Democrática (URD). Los comandantes Turcios Lima y Yon Sosa, y los miembros de la URD, Manuel Colom Argueta, Adolfo Mijangos López, y Américo Cifuentes Rivas se reunieron con el objetivo de conocer, debatir y decidir la propuesta de los comandantes guerrilleros de que la organización política URD, encabezada por sus dirigentes se incorporara a la lucha armada. Se debatió durante más de cinco horas. La respuesta de los dirigentes civiles y profesionales universitarios fue de que no se consideraba viable el camino de la revolución armada para resolver los problemas nacionales, que los componentes de la URD se encaminarían por las vías institucionales, jurídicas y cívicas para asumir el poder sin derramamiento de sangre de ningún guatemalteco.[6]​
Ingresó en Televisión Española en los primeros tiempos de la cadena, allá por el año 1965. En una primera etapa su carrera se desarrolló como guionista de programas muy variados: De la A a la Z (1972), con Manuel Criado de Val, El juego de la foca (1972), Operación torpedo (1974) ambas con José Miguel Flores, El monstruo de Sanchezstein (1977-1978) La locomotora (1979) o 003 y medio (1979-1980) estos dos últimos, programas infantiles presentados por Torrebruno.
Con la muerte de Turcios Lima y la ofensiva contrainsurgente, la desesperación cundió en el grupo y se dieron deserciones y entregas voluntarias a las autoridades. Se estima que al final de este operativo, habían muerto entre cinco mil y seis mil personas. A finales de 1968 el coronel Carlos Arana Osorio informó de manera oficial que se había neutralizado el accionar militar del PGT, las FAR y el MR-13 y se determina que la guerrilla no ha «echado raíces» entre la población civil. Por su comportamiento durante esta ofensiva, Arana Osorio fue conocido como «el Chacal de Oriente».
En junio del 2006, Divac se unió a la candidatura de Ramón Calderón durante las elecciones presidenciales del Real Madrid, a través de amistades comunes con el montenegrino Pedja Mijatovic, a la postre Director Deportivo del club. Tres meses después, Divac tomó posesión de su cargo como Coordinador de Relaciones Internacionales del Real Madrid de Baloncesto, siendo en realidad un puesto más bien simbólico, como reconoció el propio interesado: «Literalmente, yo no hago nada en el Real Madrid. Sólo sirvo como parte de la nueva imagen del club. Sólo acepté la oferta porque me lo pidió Pedja Mijatovic».[7]​ Al cabo de aproximadamente un año y medio abandonó el equipo, contrariado por lo abstracto de sus funciones, y desde el 24 de febrero de 2009 es el presidente del Comité Olímpico Serbio.[8]​
La mayor parte de los soldados albaneses de la SS Skanderbeg que desertaron en Kosovo en 1944 participaron en la revuelta albanesa del primer trimestre de 1945, revuelta sofocada por las fuerzas comunistas yugoslavas por orden de Tito.
Hanna vive en una granja con sus abuelos y su tío con discapacidad mental cuando tiene su primer período. El inicio de su pubertad la lleva a tomar la decisión de regresar con sus madres a Montreal.
A través de su recorrido el visitante comprenderá lo que el granito ha significado para los habitantes del pueblo, su historia y la importancia que el granito ha tenido en La Serena con el paso de las distintas generaciones.[3]​[4]​ De esta forma el Museo del Granito logra transmitir los conocimientos sobre este material en su amplia concepción, ya que esta actividad envuelve los diversos sectores económicos, sociales y culturales de la localidad, siendo su principal seña de identidad.[5]​
Mascota de Sutton es Jenny la jirafa[4]​ Asiste a todos los partidos en casa y puede ser visto antes del saque inicial. Jenny lleva una camisa Sutton United y ha sido conocido por usar una bufanda en invierno[5]​ El 3 de octubre, Jenny participó en el 2010 Mascot Grand National en Hipódromo de Huntingdon[6]​ y terminó 5 º de 41 corredores.[7]​
"Slow" se convirtió en su tercer lanzamiento en llegar a la cima del Billboard Hot Dance. También un buen resultado en la lista de radiodifusión Hot Dance, donde alcanzó el número siete. La canción sin embargo, no fue un éxito en el Billboard Hot 100, debutando en el número noventa y tres antes de alcanzar un máximo en el número noventa y uno, gasto sólo tres semanas en la lista.
Para pasar la oración activa a pasiva, hay que cambiar los constituyentes de las funciones sintácticas: el complemento directo de la oración en voz activa, pasa a ser el sujeto de la oración en voz pasiva, mientras que el sujeto de la oración activa, pasa a ser el complemento agente de la oración en voz pasiva. Ejemplo:
En 2006 interpretó a Ron Meyers en la película Provoked: A True Story, la cual está ligeramente basada en la historia verdadera de Kiranjit Ahluwalia, quien mató a su abusivo esposo.
La composición fue anotada en el catálogo personal de Mozart el 3 de marzo de 1791 y fue escrita en Viena; al parecer fue el encargo de un curioso aristócrata austriaco, el conde Joseph Deym von Stržitež. El conde tuvo que huir de la ciudad en su juventud a consecuencia de un duelo, pero más tarde regresó con el nombre de Herr Müller y fundó el Kunstkabinett Müller (una especie de galería de arte) en la Rotenturmstrasse de Viena, en donde se exponían, entre otras cosas, las mascarillas de cera de José II de Austria y (después de su muerte) del propio Mozart. Deym poseía también varios curiosos órganos mecánicos, movidos por mecanismos de relojería, que interpretaban música cuando daban las horas.
Divac debutó con la Selección senior de Yugoslavia en 1986, antes de desencadenarse los conflictos y tras un exitoso paso por las categorías inferiores, incluida una medalla de oro en los Juegos Mundiales Universitarios de 1985. En su primera experiencia con la absoluta alcanzó la medalla de bronce en el Campeonato del Mundo de Baloncesto celebrado en España, una presea que repetiría un año después en el Eurobasket de Grecia.
Mary Dyer siguió viajando por Nueva Inglaterra para difundir la religión cuáquera, por lo que volvió a ser arrestda en New Haven, Connecticut. Después de su liberación, fue a Massachusetts para visitar a dos cuáqueros ingleses que habían sido arrestados, ella fue arrestada y esta vez permanentemente desterrada de la colonia. Regresó a Massachusetts por tercera vez con un grupo de cuáqueros para públicamente protestar contra la ley y desacatarla. De nuevo fue arrestada y después sentenciada a muerte. Tras un proceso breve, otros dos cuáqueros fueron ejecutados, pero como el esposo de ella era amigo del Gobernador John Winthrop, a ella se le concedió un aplazamiento de último minuto-- en contra de sus propios deseos ya que había rehusado arrepentirse y negar su fe cuáquera.[3]​
Las Cabezadas es el nombre que recibe una ceremonia civil y religiosa que se celebra en la ciudad de León (España) el domingo más próximo a la festividad de San Isidoro, que se celebra el día 26 de abril.
1970 trajo el éxito al club una vez más, pero esta vez en la forma de la FA Cup. Sutton latido Hillingdon Borough en el tercer round y pasó a jugar Don Revie vuelo 's top Leeds United, uno de los mejores equipos de Europa en ese momento, en el Borough Sports Ground. El encuentro hizo que 14.000 espectadores se metieran en el terreno y Sevilla, con 11 partidos internacionales en el equipo, ganó 6-0.
• Martínez Arroyo, Emilio José; Silva Dos Santos, Fabiane Cristina (2015) El Cabanyal, un patrimonio rescatado por la ciudadanía. Revista ph, n.º 88, 2015, pp. 9-12
En marzo de 1966, durante los últimos meses del gobierno del coronel Enrique Peralta Azurdia, treinta y tres líderes del PGT y otros partidos de izquierda «desaparecieron», entre ellos Víctor Manuel Gutiérrez y Leonardo Castillo Flores. Documentos de la CIA desclasificados en 1998 revelaron que habían sido asesinados clandestinamente por las fuerzas armadas.[8]​
Badia Calavena es una localidad y comune italiana de 2.574 habitantes,[2]​ ubicada en la provincia de Verona (una de las siete provincias de la región de Véneto).
Morongo Valley se encuentra ubicado en las coordenadas 34°3′19″N 116°34′56″O. Según la Oficina del Censo, la ciudad tiene un área total de 20 kilómetros cuadrados (7,7 mi²), de la cual 20 kilómetros cuadrados (7,7 mi²) es tierra y 0 kilómetros cuadrados (0 mi²) 0% es agua.
Fue uno de los primeros profesionales de ajedrez en Brasil, junto a los maestros Hélder Câmara, Antônio Rocha y Herman Claudius. En los años 70 eran conocidos como los "Cuatro Grandes" del ajedrez brasileño. Segal llegó a alcanzar 2.415 puntos a la FIDE. Él era un jugador de ajedrez carismático y tenía una memoria prodigiosa. Segal siempre repite que el Gran Maestro Gilberto Milos fue el jugador de ajedrez más fuerte de Brasil se enfrentó.
En 1994 participó en la inauguración del Teatro de las Artes de la Ciudad de México interpretando el papel de Roggiero en la histórica representación de Ildegonda, del compositor mexicano Melesio Morales. Pasaron 128 años para que dicha obra fuera reinterpretada.[3]​ La representación de Ildegonda se grabó en discos compactos, los cuales ganaron el premio del Orfeo de Oro otorgado por la Academia del Disco Lírico de Francia.
El día 31 de marzo de 2009, los Sacramento Kings reconocieron su trayectoria en la franquicia retirando su dorsal número 21, aprovechando la visita al ARCO Arena de uno de sus ex equipos, los Hornets, entrenados en ese momento por su ex compañero en los Lakers Byron Scott y en donde jugaba por entonces Stojakovic.
Por este motivo y desde aquella fecha, el concejo de la ciudad de León, decidió pagar u ofrecer todos los años un tributo a San Isidoro por mediación de sus representantes. Así lo relata en sus crónicas que se conservan en el Archivo, Lucas de Tuy.
Charles Aznavour le escribió este hermoso poema: "Ella tiene la voz de las palabras y el corazón, cuerpo ansiedad. La voz de la vehemencia de la felicidad parecía perdida y encontrada algunas veces. La voz que aboga por el amor, el amor a la acción. Es el realismo de su generación. "
Su comandante en su primer y exitoso viaje fue el capitán de navío Otto Kähler. En sus dos viajes apresó o hundió 148.640 TRB y en ese concepto fue el crucero auxiliar alemán con más éxito en la Segunda Guerra Mundial. Su misión fue atacar el tráfico marítimo en el sur del Atlántico y la conexión entre buques militares británicos.
Como actriz, ha trabajado para productoras como Evil Angel, Girlfriends Films, Wicked, Brazzers, Sweetheart Video, Naughty America, Mile High, Pure Play Media, Forbidden Fruits Films, Mile High, Digital Sin o Hard X.
1846: Varias escuelas clandestinas han surgido en los pueblos Fargebelle, Luzet, Chaudon y Briges. Son escuelas mixtas y la moral de entonces les asesta un golpe grave. Orden del alcalde para el control y la represión, pero los de Briges y Luzet permanecen hasta hoy.
Marty, Ally y Buttons se encuentran en el camino con un robot que había contratado Von Rahymer, el jefe de la Torre de Hierro. Se trata de Jack Acero, un asesino con la misión de recuperar a Ally. Aunque Marty lo encaró, no logra salvar a Ally y Jack Acero se va con ella. Pero encontes apareció un robot que se presentó como Gaff, el protector de la Familia Eon. Le contró a Marty la verdadera historia: que él era el último descendiente de Eon, que Charlie no era su padre verdadero y que tendría que prepararse para pelear con el General, que está siendo reconstruido por sus seguidores. Después de pensarlo un rato y razonar, Marty llega a la conclusión de que si quiere salvar a Ally primero debe aprender a controlar sus poderes, por lo que acepta. Los tres ponen rumbo a la antigua casa de los Eon, donde estaba el último gran maestro.
Los matrimonios consanguíneos están prohibidos por la ley en muchas partes de Estados Unidos y Europa.[37]​ Mientras que los matrimonios consanguíneos son comunes y culturalmente preferidos en países islámicos y por inmigrantes de países musulmanes en otras partes del mundo, están culturalmente prohibidos o considerados indeseables en la mayoría de las sociedades cristianas, hindúes y budistas.[38]​ Los matrimonios arreglados consanguíneos eran comunes en las comunidades judías hasta el siglo XX, pero se han reducido a menos del 10% en los tiempos modernos.[39]​[40]​
Tolima: Al sureste de Caldas, va desde el valle del Magdalena Medio, pasando por la cordillera central, hasta llegar al parque natural Los Nevados, está representado por 14 municipios, 7 del Tolima (Honda, Mariquita, Fresno, Herveo, Casabianca, Villahermosa y Murillo) y 7 de Caldas (La Dorada, Victoria, Marquetalia, Manzanares, Marulanda, Manizales y Villamaría).
Su mejor amigo era Dražen Petrović, con quien triunfó en la selección de Yugoslavia, se fueron juntos a Estados Unidos para ser de los primeros extranjeros que triunfaron en la NBA, su amistad se terminó por malentendidos políticos durante la desintegración de Yugoslavia. Dražen Petrović murió sin poder reconciliarse con Vlade Divac. :'(
Miha Zupan, (nacido el 12 de septiembre de 1982 en Kranj, Eslovenia) es un jugador de baloncesto esloveno. Con 2.04 de estatura, su puesto natural en la cancha es el de ala-pívot. Con una discapacidad auditiva desde nacimiento, este ala-pívot es el primer baloncestista sordo en jugar en la Euroliga.[1]​ Actualmente juega en el CSM Oradea.
Este trazado original pronto se vería modificado al construir las Facultades de Medicina y Ciencias. En 1931, José Pedrós trata de adaptar la continuidad del paseo al Cabañal mediante un enlace con el barrio en forma de herradura y un leve giro hacia el norte, adaptándose a la malla del barrio. El plan apenas llegó a ejecutarse en algunos tramos y en el Cabanyal tan sólo el ensanche sobre la Calle Mediterráneo queda como recuerdo. Ya en 1939 el Colegio de Arquitectos redacta un informe en el que se opone al proyecto, y en especial a la creación de una gran avenida a través del Cabanyal.[7]​
La caballería blindada del General, y las mejores tropas de primera línea usadas en la guerra robot. Gigantescos y ataviados con armaduras oscuras, estos robots centauroides son casi invencibles en el combate cuerpo a cuerpo, para el que usan electrovaras. Su líder es de color dorado y más fuerte que los demás. Son usados por el General para impedir el acceso a la Torre de Hierro, aunque son finalmente derrotados por Marty, Magnum, Shadow y Gaff.
El equipo ha tenido varios éxitos, tuvieron la experiencia de jugar en el Wembley dos veces por la final de la FA Copa Amateur y una vez en la final de la FA Trophy, además el club se adjudica el torneo Anglo-Italian Cup del 1979. El club logró una hazaña en la FA Cup cuando vencieron a Coventry City en la Tercera Ronda en 1989, es la última vez que un equipo que no disputa ninguna liga logra vencer a un equipo de la máxima categoría del fútbol Inglés.
Con la victoria de Júlio de Castilhos y la consecuente pacificación, organizó un nuevo congreso federalista en Porto Alegre. A partir de entonces, prestó más atención a su vida en la estancia Rincón Pereyra, que poseía en Uruguay. Falleció repentinamente, en una habitación de un hotel de Montevideo.
La pélícula ganó buenas críticas y varios premios, para Pool y Vanasse, incluyendo el premio a la mejor "Canadian feature" por la Toronto Film Critics Association.
A partir de los años 1960 actuó con mayor frecuencia para la televisión, y se trasladó con su familia a Múnich. Junto a su esposa trabajó en el Residenztheater de esa ciudad. Para la televisión apareció en series criminales como Derrick y Der Alte. A nivel internacional uno de sus papeles más conocidos fue el de Lord Guillonk en la serie televisiva Sandokán (1976). En el ámbito televisivo también destaca su participación en 1990 en un episodio de la serie Das Traumschiff.
Al día siguiente, Britney llega a la audición de Rihanna para disculparse con Camille, Kirresha y Letty. Cuando Winnie y su equipo llegan a insultar a los Warriors, Britney hace frente a los comentarios racistas y es admitida en los Warriors de nuevo justo antes de entrar a la audición. Durante la competencia, tanto los Piratas como los Warriors quedan finalistas; Camille se muestra preocupada ya que los Piratas son excelentes gimnastas y empiezan a ganar el agrado de la audiencia y los jueces, pero a Britney se le ocurre ejecutar un baile callejero que ella y sus compañeros habían practicado meses atrás pero descartaron porque algunos de los movimientos son motivo de penalización en la calificación de rutinas. Interrumpen la porra de los Piratas y hacen una presentación que gana la competencia. Winnie, furiosa, insulta a los Warriors y a su raza latina y negra, sin embargo Rihanna premia al equipo de los Warriors por su originalidad y Winnie es abucheada. Britney y Jesse se reconcilian. En la secuencia final se ve un vídeo musical de Rihanna, cantando Pon de Replay mientras Britney y su equipo bailan.
El delincuente honrado es una obra teatral de género lacrimógeno o sentimental de Gaspar Melchor de Jovellanos. La vena sentimental tentó a los autores neoclásicos, que dejaron algunas de las mejores manifestaciones del género: El precipitado, de Cándido María Trigueros, El viejo y la niña, de Leandro Fernández de Moratín.
Junto a ellos alcanzó la categoría de All Star en 2001 y devolvió a un equipo históricamente perdedor a la élite de la liga y persiguió, sin éxito, el título de campeón.
Año 938: Donación de la iglesia (capilla de San Bauzile) y del señorío a los monjes de la Abadía de San Chaffre de Monastier sur Gazeille (Alto Loira) por el señor Géraud. Los abades del monasterio son los principales señores de Thueyts el lo temporal y lo espiritual. Posteriormente, construcción de una iglesia románica en la ubicación actual.
Antes de dedicarse a la industria pornográfica, Brandi Love tuvo varios trabajos, como camarera en un restaurante de Burger King y relaciones públicas y secretaria de una empresa de catering.[4]​[5]​
En el año 1983 y con motivo de la celebración del aniversario de los 58 años de la era Showa, se celebra de septiembre a octubre la primera "Feria Verde Urbana" anual que se celebra en este parque. Procede a su inauguración el Príncipe heredero Akihito el 7 de octubre.
Nene es una tímida estudiante de escuela media que tiene problemas en hacer amigos, con sus únicos amigos siendo animales. Siendo la líder del Equipo Clantail, ella se parece a un centauro y su habilidad le permite convertir la parte inferior de su cuerpo en la de cualquier animal, con tal de que conozca la especie. Ella sobrevive a los eventos de restart y después de estos decide comenzar a hacer amigos humanos.
Santa Clara es una ciudad ubicada en el condado de Guadalupe en el estado estadounidense de Texas. En el Censo de 2010 tenía una población de 725 habitantes y una densidad poblacional de 115,62 personas por km².[2]​
Como actriz, ha trabajado para estudios como Jules Jordan Video, Evil Angel, Kick Ass, Filly Films, Dark X, Blacked, Reality Junkies, Naughty America, Brazzers, Girlfriends Films, Digital Sin o 3rd Degree.
El portador de la bandera en la ceremonia de apertura fue el jugador de baloncesto Toñín Casillas. El equipo olímpico puertorriqueño no obtuvo ninguna medalla en estos Juegos.[1]​[2]​
Finalmente, logra derrotar a su rival luego de propinarle un golpe en el aire, pero él queda inconsciente, luego de haber caído desde una gran altura.
Del mismo modo al oriente, las tribus indígenas eran menos numerosas y por tanto menos reconocidas, algunas de ellas eran los Marquetones y los Pantágoras, los cuales también habitaban en lo que actualmente se conoce como el Magdalena caldense, junto con los Palenques y en el centrosur del departamento vivió la cultura indígena más desarrollada de lo que actualmente se conoce como el Eje Cafetero, los Quimbayas quienes fueron famosos por su producción de piezas de oro de alta calidad y belleza, reconocidos tanto nacional como internacionalmente por la hermosura de sus esculturas..
El video fue filmado en las playas de Australia en el mes de abril de 2010. La dirección del video estuvo a cargo de Mark Staubach. Se estrenó el 30 de junio de 2010.[2]​
El Distrito de Virundo es uno de los catorce distritos de la Provincia de Grau ubicada en el departamento de Apurímac, bajo la administración del Gobierno regional de Apurímac, en el sur del Perú.[1]​
El día 11 de junio del año 1901 las autoridades norteamericanas crean la provincia de Rizal integrando en la misma este municipio[4]​ San José de Navotas se fusionó con Malabón.[5]​ Se separaron el 16 de enero de 1906.[6]​
En el Hyperion, Ángel trata de deshacerse de Cordelia, preocupado por su seguridad. Pero esta le exige que le cuente que paso con Holtz: De nuevo en Francia, Ángelus, aún molesto por la vez que Darla lo abandono para salvar su propia vida en la granja en llamas y buscando vengarse, le comenta la ubicación de la misma, a pesar de las quejas de James ya que Elizabeth se encontraba con Darla. Los dos vampiros comienzan a pelear y aprovechan la ocasión para distraer a Holtz y escapar. Una vez que se detienen en un callejón, James se va a buscar a Elizabeth.
58-9. Daños al transporte, comunicación, abastecimiento de agua, almacenes y otros edificios o propiedad estatal y comunal con fines contrarrevolucionarios: igual que 58-2.
En cuanto industria, se destacan productos textiles y de confecciones, químicos, metalmecánica, madera, cemento y licores, este último representado por La Industria Licorera de Caldas.
Creyendo estar a salvo, Ángel y Cordelia vuelven a ser atacados por James en el interior del metro donde trata de matar a Cordelia, creyendo que es la mujer que ama. Ángel pelea contra el y le explica que la chica que amaba está muerta. James no le cree, argumentando que de ser así, el hubiera buscado morir también y se convierte en cenizas. De regreso en el Hyperion Ángel le comenta a Cordelia que lo que James dijo es cierto y cree que está traicionando a Buffy al no querer alcanzarla en la muerte. Cordelia lo apacigua exclamando que él la está honrando.
Caldas posee, en proporción a su territorio, el relieve más montañoso del país. Indudablemente marcado por una de las mayores alturas de Colombia, el Nevado del Ruiz, con una altura de 5.400 metros sobre el nivel del mar y que posee el Volcán Arenas y el Nevado el Cisne con una altura de 5.200 metros sobre el nivel del mar. Ambos conforman además el Parque nacional natural Los Nevados, compartido con los departamentos de Risaralda, Quindio y Tolima. El Nevado del Ruiz, el rey de Colombia (5400 metros sobre el nivel del mar), descansa imponente y a veces temible, en el territorio cafetero del Departamento de Caldas.
En el presente, Ángel se niega a seguir contando el resto de la historia, pues está convencido de que James pronto buscara venganza por lo de Elizabeth. En otra parte de Los Ángeles, James se entera de la muerte de su amada, mata al vampiro que se lo contó y recurre a la ayuda de un misterioso doctor demonio llamado Gregson. James le pide la "cura" del vampirismo aceptando las posibles e irrevocables consecuencias de sus decisiones. En Caritas, Wesley y Gunn recurren a Merl para pedirle información sobre James, Merl les dice que James esta en la ciudad y que ha visto al Dr. Gregson.
Antioquia: Comprende todo el norte de Caldas, que va desde el Valle del Magdalena Medio, pasando por la Cordillera Central, el Cañón del Cauca, hasta las estribaciones de la Cordillera Occidental, representada por 19 municipios, 10 de Antioquia(Argelia, Nariño, Sonsón, Abejorral, Santa Bárbara, La Pintada, Valparaíso, Caramanta, Támesis y Jardín) y 9 de Caldas (La Dorada, Norcasia, Samaná, Pensilvania, Aguadas, Pácora, Marmato, Supía y Riosucio).
Recibió el Premio Nacional de Poesía en dos ocasiones, primero en 1977 con el poemario Los Profetas y, luego en 1983 con Viacrucis. El 7 de diciembre de 1987 fue condecorado por el gobierno dominicano con la Orden de Duarte, Sánchez y Mella en el grado de Gran Cruz Placa de Plata.
Durante la temporada que transcurrió entre el fin del mandato de Lorin Maazel y el principio del de Riccardo Chailly, la orquesta no tuvo ningún director principal. Entre los directores más célebres que colaboraron con la orquesta durante ese periodo, entre el año 1976 y 1982, estuvieron Erich Leinsdorf, Eugen Jochum, Gerd Albrecht, Gennady Rozhdestvensky y Neville Marriner.
Desde 1998, el barrio se encuentra afectado por un plan urbanístico del Ayuntamiento. El Plan de Especial de Protección y Reforma Interior (PEPRI), impulsado por el Gobierno local y autonómico, esta vez en manos del Partido Popular (PP), pretende la prolongación de la Avenida Blasco Ibáñez sobre la trama protegida del Cabañal, como elemento central de un plan de rehabilitación urbana. El plan, que comporta el derribo de 1651 viviendas, ha sido rechazado por parte de unos vecinos y apoyado por otros (el Partido Popular obtuvo la mayoría absoluta en este barrio en las últimas elecciones generales), y actualmente se encuentra paralizado judicialmente.
Máximo Avilés Blonda (Santo Domingo, 16 de mayo de 1931 - Santo Domingo, 19 de enero de 1988) fue un poeta y dramaturgo de la República Dominicana.
La subfamilia de lenguas mondé es un conjunto de seis lenguas amerindias habladas en Brasil. Una lengua del grupo está extinguida, y al menos otras dos en peligro de extinción. Es una subfamilia del tronco tupí, la de mayor extensión geográfica en el territorio de América del Sur.
Gleno es una ciudad de Timor Oriental situada a 58 km al sudoeste de Dili, la capital del país. Gleno tiene 29.000 habitantes y se encuentra a 882 metros sobre el nivel del mar.
Más tarde comenzó a salir con Angela Bostock con quien estuvo casi diez años, la pareja tuvo dos hijas: Teona McFadden (1997) y Mollie Jane McFadden (2004). En agosto del 2005 Steve se vio envuelto en una controversia después de ser acusado de mantener relaciones sexuales con desconocidos junto con Angela, quien dijo que Steve aparcaba en estacionamientos y la obligaba a tener relaciones con desconocidos.[1]​ Luego el 3 de noviembre de 2005 cuando Steve fue a recoger sus cosas de la casa de Angela, esta lo atacó mientras él cargaba a Mollie, Angela fue arrestada y poco después puesta en libertad bajo fianza.[2]​
Aun Arnarson (n. 775) fue un caudillo vikingo, rey de Hordaland.[1]​ Era hijo de Orn Hyrna Thorisson.[2]​ Las crónicas contemporáneas le imputan la paternidad de dos hijos:
La consecuencia de algunas costumbres es el matrimonio arreglado. Por ejemplo, en las zonas rurales y tribales de Pakistán y Afganistán, las disputas, las deudas pendientes de pago en defecto y delitos como el asesinato son resueltas por un consejo de ancianos de la aldea, llamada jirga.[82]​ Un castigo típico de un crimen cometido por varones implica que la familia culpable case su joven virgen entre 5 a 12 años de edad con un muchacho de la otra familia. Esta costumbre no requiere el consentimiento de la niña, o incluso de sus padres. Tales matrimonios infantiles organizados se llaman vani, swara y sak en diferentes lenguas regionales de Pakistán.[83]​[84]​[85]​
Agüera perteneció al Corregimiento de las Merindades de Castilla la Vieja, uno de los 14 partidos que formaban la Intendencia de Burgos desde 1785, tal y como se recoge en el Censo de Floridablanca de 1787. A partir de 1833 Agüera pasa a formar parte del ayuntamiento constitucional de Merindad de Montija, en el partido de Villarcayo perteneciente a la región de Castilla la Vieja.
Además del paisaje cultural cafetero como patrimonio de la humanidad, se encuentran otros sitios en el departamento que son declarados monumentos nacionales de Colombia, los bienes de interés cultural de carácter nacional y el patrimonio inmaterial cultural, nombrados por el Ministerio de Cultura a través del Consejo Nacional de Patrimonio; estos son los más representativos:
Luis Augusto Turcios Lima (Guatemala, 23 de noviembre de 1941 - ibídem, 2 de octubre de 1966) fue un militar y luego un comandante guerrillero guatemalteco. Junto a Marco Antonio Yon Sosa se rebeló contra la dictadura del general Miguel Ydígoras Fuentes el 13 de noviembre de 1960, y luego, en 1962, formaron el Movimiento Revolucionario Trece de Noviembre (MR-13). Fue comandante guerrillero hasta su muerte, acaecida en un misterioso accidente automovilístico en el centro de la Ciudad de Guatemala, el 2 de octubre de 1966.
Trae un campo de oro, una montaña de tres cimas, dos de sinople y la más alta de plata, surmontada de granadas en su color, rajada de gules, tallada y follada de sínople, todo adiestrado y siniestrado de sendos ríos de azul. Las montañas del escudo interpretan la comarca caldense la montaña de selva y la cima nevada del Ruiz, entre dos ríos el Cauca y el Magdalena que aparecen encerrándolos. Una granada, fruto del granado completa el escudo como símbolo heráldico de la tierra colombiana, que todavía lo conserva en el escudo nacional.[9]​
Marcello Malpighi (Crevalcore, Bolonia, Italia, 10 de marzo de 1628—Roma, Lacio, 30 de noviembre de 1694) fue un anatomista y biólogo, considerado el fundador de la histología.
El Comité Olímpico Argelino (en árabe, اللجنة الأولمبية و الرياضية الجزائرية, en francés, Comité Olympique et Sportif Algérien) es el comité olímpico nacional que representa a Argelia en el Comité Olímpico Internacional y organiza los eventos de carácter olímpico en Argelia, así como controla y organiza los deportes que tienen representación del país en los Juegos Olímpicos. Su código en el COI es ALG. Su objetivo es «desarrollar y proteger el movimiento olímpico en Argelia». Su actual presidente es Mustapha Berraf.
Las larvas de estos ácaros al nacer sólo tienen seis patas; sin embargo, cuando se convierten en ninfas, desarrollan ocho patas como los ácaros adultos. comen queso y su reproducción es sexual
Iron Kid (아이언 키드) era una serie creada en CGI y producida por BRB Internacional (España), DesignStorm, Daiwon C&A Holdings (Corea del Sur) y Manga Entertaiment (USA). Se estrenó en Corea en la emisora KBS en primavera del 2006, en las estaciones europeas (TVE, Jetix Francia, Jetix España, TV1, Mediaset, etc.) en otoño del 2006 y en Estados Unidos en la sección WB Kids de The CW entre la primavera y el otoño de 2007, bajo el nombre de Eon Kid. y Mexico Televisa.
El Rally de Marruecos desapareció por problemas económicos, y se incluyó el Rally Criterium de Quebec y el Rally de Nueva Zelanda, estrenándose en el mundial, consiguiendo así un calendario más internacional.[1]​
Charlie, al ser atacado por un gigante robot, queda inconsciente por un largo rato. Una vez que despierta, él se entera de que los Maxes, van tras la búsqueda de los chicos, por lo que él, les pide que huyan hacia Ciudad Cristal. Antes de partir, Charlie entrega una cerradura (pieza clave en la familia Eon) a Marty.
Ignacio (Felipe Braun), Martín (Paulo Meza), Nicolás (Pablo Schwartz) y Sebastián (Álvaro Morales), son estudiantes del Conservatorio de la Universidad de Chile, que tienen el gran sueño de conformar una banda de rock y alcanzar el estrellato. Con este propósito deciden vivir juntos y buscar un lugar apropiado para sus planes. A través de un aviso en el diario llegan a una antigua casona que ha sido habilitada como edificio de departamentos. Después de intensas conversaciones y rogativas convencen a la dueño del inmueble, para que les arriende el departamento del tercer piso o mejor conocido como "La Buhardilla".
Es el perro robot de Marty, y su mejor amigo. Aunque siempre se queja, acompaña a Marty dondequiera que vaya. No para de fastidiar, y peor aún, es difícil hacerlo callar. Además, a Buttons no le cuesta nada asumir sus responsabilidades, como todo perro. Ya avanzada la historia, una actualización de su sistema le permite convertirse en un robot técnicamente más poderos, gracias a lo cual pronto será no sólo un buen amigo de Marty sino también un importante (y algo más útil) miembro de su equipo, ya que aprende la técnica de los pasos voladores con el Maestro Yan, lo que lo vuelve extremadamente veloz.
La mayor presa del Thor fue el barco fábrica ballenero noruego Kosmos. Era el segundo mayor barco en la flota comercial noruega, y navegaba hacia las Indias Orientales con un cargamento de aceite de ballena, cuando el Thor lo detuvo el 24 de septiembre de 1940 cerca del Ecuador. A pesar de la valiosa carga, el comandante alemán mandó hundir el barco, porque no veía ninguna posibilidad de llevar el barco a zona controlada por los alemanes. Además, por haber permanecido inactivo durante largo tiempo durante la temporada de caza de 1939 a 1940, el Kosmos tenía mucha vegetación adherida y daba escasa velocidad. La tripulación fue subida a bordo y posteriormente transferida al Río Grande, que llevó a Francia los 364 prisioneros.
Nacido en Duisburgo, Alemania, Caninenberg estudió en los primeros años 1930 en la Folkwang Universität der Künste de Essen y, tras graduarse, actuó por vez primera en teatros de Krefeld, Gießen y Wuppertal. Tras servir durante la Segunda Guerra Mundial, hubo de cumplir cautiverio, y en 1945 retomó su carrera artística. De vuelta en Wuppertal, colaboró en la reconstrucción teatral, y en 1948 fue a trabajar a la Ópera Estatal de Stuttgart. En 1953 fue contratado por el prestigioso actor y director Hans Schweikart para actuar en el Teatro de Cámara de Múnich, pero pronto se trasladó a Düsseldorf. Boleslaw Barlog contó con él para actuar en el Staatlichen Berliner Bühnen, y en Fráncfort del Meno actuó junto a Lola Müthel, con la que se casó en 1958.
En 1966, luego de fuertes discusiones internas, el PGT apoyó la candidatura presidencial de Julio César Méndez Montenegro, sosteniendo que se trataba de un candidato progresista y democrático. Sin embargo Montenegro, una vez elegido presidente mantuvo las leyes de represión del comunismo, lo que fortaleció dentro del PGT a los sectores más radicales y partidarios de la lucha armada. Algunos analistas han sostenido que el asesinato de los líderes más moderados de la izquierda, estuvo dirigida a cerrar toda posibilidad de una salida pacífica y empujar a las jóvenes generaciones hacia una guerra civil frontal. Ese mismo año, volvió a Guatemala el poeta guerrillero Otto René Castillo e integró la guerrilla de las Fuerzas Armadas Rebeldes; negándose a permanecer en un refugio en la Ciudad de Guatemala estuvo con los combatientes de la Sierra de las Minas donde se dedicaba a preparar obras de teatro que los combatientes representaban ante los campesinos del área para hacerles llegar el mensaje de la guerrilla.[9]​ En ese entonces, los elementos guerrilleros estaban integrados por un grupo de soldados jóvenes y rebeldes, varios de los cuales provenían de las filas del ejército y otros eran estudiantes de secundaria o de la Universidad de San Carlos y dos profesionales (economista y antropólogo), pero sin ningún sustento ideológico, por lo que al ingresar al movimiento, a Otto René Castillo le fue asignado hacerse cargo de la formación en los conceptos teóricos del marxismo de los combatientes.[2]​
Kano es una chica que se muestra fría y retraída sin embargo puede ser muy violenta y agresiva, es estudiante de segundo de preparatoria y vive sola por motivos familiares; detesta a su madre por tener tantas parejas y darle mala fama a su familia además que su novio la acosaba sexualmente. Su transformación es Ripple, que tiene una vestimenta de ninja, teniendo una bufanda roja larga, una coleta sostenida por una estrella ninja y calza geta. Su habilidad es tener una puntería del 100% de probabilidad para alcanzar su objetivo, no solo funciona con sus shuriken sino con cualquier objeto, aunque no significa que el objeto lanzado no pueda ser obstruido. Al principio no quería ser una Chica Mágica pero después de conocer a Snow White empieza a desear serlo y ayudar a otros. Es muy cercana a Top Speed, pues en realidad son muy similares. Aparte de sus habilidades mágicas Ripple es una combatiente bastante capaz utilizando toda clase de movimientos acrobáticos para subyugar a su oponente. En el enfrentamiento contra Swim Swim, Ripple perdió su brazo y ojo izquierdo, sin embargo, logra sobrevivir al Proyecto volviéndose amiga de Snow White y la ayuda a entrenar para ser más fuerte.
En los verbos en los que aparece un complemento indirecto normalmente hay también un complemento directo, aunque este puede estar omitido o sobreentendido. Hay excepciones, como los verbos de tipo gustar o doler, que solo tienen complemento indirecto; entre estos tenemos los siguientes (al menos para algunos de sus significados):
Love comenzó su carrera abriendo su propio sitio web en junio de 2004,[3]​[5]​ debutando como actriz porno en 2006, a los 33 años de edad.[1]​ Al igual que otras actrices que comenzaron con más de 30 años en la industria, por su físico, edad y atributos, fue etiquetada como una actriz MILF.[6]​
El Museo del Granito de Quintana de la Serena (Extremadura, España), Ciudad del Granito, muestra una exposición de materiales y cartelas introductorias y explicativas acerca de la geología del granito, la extracción, la transformación, los usos; así como herramientas antiguas y modernas utilizadas por los canteros y un muestrario representativo de granitos comarcales, regionales y nacionales, etc. Pertenece a la red de Museos de Identidad de Extremadura.[1]​[2]​
El XXVI Campeonato Mundial de Remo se celebró en Motherwell (Reino Unido) entre el 7 y el 11 de agosto de 1996 bajo la organización de la Federación Internacional de Sociedades de Remo (FISA) y la Federación Británica de Remo.
Síntoma que se observa en los panales de cría de las abejas melíferas, cuando la postura de la reina no es homogénea. Es común a varias enfermedades de las abejas y la falta de continuidad se produce porque las larvas van muriendo y las abejas nodrizas limpiadoras retiran de las celdas los cuerpos, quedando vacías o bien observándose larvas desarrolladas intercaladas con huevos, presentando en el panal un mosaico de edades llamado comúnmente cría salteada.
Nació en Canosa di Puglia, en la región de Apulia, Italia, y a los cinco años su familia se estableció en São Paulo, Brasil, donde inició su formación en violín y armonía con el violinista Zaccaria Autuori, hijo del primer clarinetista de la Orquesta Sinfónica del Teatro Municipal de São Paulo. Ingresó al Conservatorio Dramático y Musical de São Paulo y recibió una beca del gobierno brasileño para continuar sus estudios en Nápoles y Londres.[2]​[3]​
Varios Cachunes han tenido que lidiar con la dolorosa pérdida de sus compañeros que se han adelantado en el camino: Viridiana Alatriste “Viri”, José De Mara “Tito”, Rodolfo Rodríguez “Calixto”, José Flores “Jagger”, Adrián Ramos “Pepe Celaya”, Alejandra Espejo “prof.ª Espejo” Manuel Gurría “Inspector Romualdo Tenorio”. Las extrañas circunstancias que rodearon la muerte de muchos de ellos y la temprana edad en la que la mayoría perdieron la vida, degeneraron en una leyenda que habla sobre una supuesta maldición que rodea al elenco.[2]​
Además de la televisión, Caninenberg frecuentó la radio, medio en el cual pudo oírse su inconfundible voz en numerosas emisiones radiofónicas teatrales.
La constante apelación al sentimiento, a la ternura y a la abundante efusión de lágrimas caracterizan la acción de El delincuente honrado, en donde hay numerosos antecedentes del Romanticismo español, no solamente en el ambiente general de fatalismo, sino en aspectos concretos de obras como La conjuración de Venecia y Don Álvaro o la fuerza del sino. La obra mantiene las unidades clásicas, aunque Jovellanos se coloca en los límites de lo permisible en la teoría neoclásica: la acción sucede en distintos lugares de una sola ciudad, Segovia, y tiene una duración superior a las veinticuatro horas.
1897: El 14 de mayo, la institutriz Marie-Cécile Roche crea de acuerdo con el alcalde un colegio privado para niñas en la aldea de Barnas. El 31 de agosto la apertura de una escuela privada de niños de primaria en el pueblo, y un curso para adultos.
Navotas forma parte de la sub-región de Metro Manila informalmente llamado CAMANAVA, formada por las ciudades de Caloocan, Malabón, Navotas y Valenzuela.
En 2011 los ingresos medios por hogar en el distrito congresional eran de US$47 562, y los ingresos medios por familia eran de US$75 059. Los hogares que no formaban una familia tenían unos ingresos de US$86 243. El salario promedio de tiempo completo para los hombres era de US$43 563 frente a los US$34 210 para las mujeres. La renta per cápita para el distrito era de US$25 614. Alrededor del 7.5% de la población estaban por debajo del umbral de pobreza.[2]​
Conformidad: en los organismos conformistas el medio interno del animal cambia paralelamente a las condiciones externas, es decir, se conforma al ambiente pues no regula o la regulación no es efectiva; designado por el prefijo "poiquilo" (Ej. poiquilotermo). Puede existir una compensación funcional con la aclimatación o la aclimatización, recuperándose la velocidad funcional anterior al cambio.
Hay un club en Gambia llamado "Sutton United FC". En julio de 1999, Young Stars FC fue formado por el padre Andrew Cole y el equipo se componía de gente que va a clases de la Biblia. El equipo pasó a llamarse más tarde Sanchaba Unidos, lo que significa "Downtown" en el idioma mandinga hasta que un visitante Inglés, conocido sólo como Walter, donó equipos al club y sugirió que cambiar su nombre por el de Sutton United FC (Gambia).
¿Qué Pides Tú? es el nombre del álbum debut de estudio del cantautor español Álex Ubago. Fue lanzado al mercado por el sello discográfico WEA Latina el 23 de septiembre de 2001 en España. Fue producido por Jesús Gómez. El 1 de abril de 2003 se lanzó una edición especial con DVD, que incluía tres temas interpretados en acústico y cinco videoclips. Ese mismo año se lanzó una segunda edición especial en forma de CD libro titulado 21 meses, 1 semana y 2 días que incluía el disco original y un segundo CD con cinco temas extra y seis videoclips.
Un poderoso robot sirviente del General. Fue congelado por Eon en un bloque de hielo, y luchó contra Marty para vengarse cuando éste llegó al monasterio de los Monjes Blancos. Es enorme y blanco, y es capaz de dominar el hielo y el frío.
Es una tarjeta electrónica emitida por determinados fabricantes, cadenas de distribución o empresas de servicios que la entregan gratuitamente a sus clientes. Este tipo de tarjetas permiten a los usuarios la acumulación de puntos en función de los consumos realizados en los establecimientos del emisor.
Esta promesa la hizo el pueblo y el Ayuntamiento de León, y se celebra el domingo más próximo a la festividad de San Isidoro, que tiene lugar el día 26 de abril.
Los Dyer volvieron a Rhode Island en 1657. El año siguiente, ella fue a Boston a protestar por la ley en contra de los cuáqueros, por lo que fue arrestada y expulsada de la colonia. Su esposo, que no se había proclamado cuáquero, no fue arrestado.
(466892) 2015 DC146 es un asteroide perteneciente al cinturón de asteroides, descubierto el 30 de octubre de 2005 por el equipo Spacewatch desde el Observatorio Nacional de Kitt Peak (Arizona, Estados Unidos).
Las tasas de divorcio han aumentado en Europa y Estados Unidos, con el aumento de las tasas de matrimonio autónomas. Las tasas de divorcio más bajas del mundo son en culturas con altas tasas de matrimonios arreglados, como la cultura Amish de Estados Unidos (1%),[119]​ los hindúes de la India (3%),[110]​ y los Judíos Ultra-ortodoxos de Israel ( 7%).[120]​ Por el contrario, más del 50% de los matrimonios autónomos en muchas partes de Europa y Estados Unidos terminan en divorcio.[121]​[122]​ Esto ha llevado a preguntarse si los matrimonios arreglados son más estables que los matrimonios autónomos, y si importa esta estabilidad. Otros sugieren que las bajas tasas de divorcio pueden no reflejar la estabilidad, y que pueden reflejar la dificultad en el proceso de divorcio y el ostracismo social de los individuos, que eligen vivir en un matrimonio disfuncional en vez de afrontar las consecuencias de un divorcio.[110]​
Con la deposición de Pedro II de Brasil, Silveira Martins marchó al exilio en Europa. En 1892, luego de su regreso a Brasil gracias a la amnistía concedida por Deodoro, criticó la conducta de los gobernantes republicanos, llamados por él como «dictadores comtistas». Participó de reuniones con otros monarquistas que pretendían restaurar la monarquía parlamentaria en Brasil. En una de ellas, insistió en vano para que Pedro II regresase a Brasil, después de que el mariscal Deodoro hubiese clausurado el Congreso Nacional. En seguida, propuso a la princesa Isabel que permitiese a los militares vinculados a la Revuelta de la Armada que llevasen a su hijo mayor, Pedro de Alcántara de Orleans-Braganza, príncipe de Gran Pará, para que fuese aclamado como Pedro III. La princesa le manifestó que «antes de todo era católica, y, como tal, no podía dejar a los brasileños la educación del hijo, cuya alma debía salvar». Indignado, Silveira Martins respondió: «Entonces, señora, su destino es el convento».[2]​
El 22 de febrero de 1978, la Dirección General de Patrimonio Artístico, Archivos y Museos del Ministerio de Cultura, acuerda incoar un expediente de declaración del Conjunto Histórico-Artístico a favor de seis zonas de la ciudad de Valencia, entre las que se incluye el Cabanyal. En enero de 1982 el Tribunal Supremo suspende definitivamente el Plan Parcial 13, lo que aumenta las esperanzas de conservación del Cabañal.
No se limitaba a los actos antisoviéticos: por la "solidaridad internacional de los trabajadores", cualquier otro "estado obrero" estaba protegido por este artículo.
La influencia de la compañía en algunos sectores de la sociedad porteña como las fuerzas armadas hicieron que el gobierno del general Pedro Eugenio Aramburu confiara a la comunidad de San Pablo el destino del cadáver de Eva Duarte de Perón. El cuerpo embalsamado de Evita fue trasladado a Milán con el falso nombre de María Maggi de Magistris donde permaneció sepultado por 14 años hasta 1973 cuando fue entregado por el gobierno argentino al general Juan Domingo Perón en su residencia de Madrid.[8]​
(776) Berbericia es un asteroide perteneciente al cinturón de asteroides descubierto el 24 de enero de 1914 por Adam Massinger desde el observatorio de Heidelberg-Königstuhl, Alemania. Está nombrado en honor del astrónomo alemán Adolf Berberich (1861-1920).[2]​
1762: Apertura del Camino Real (RN 102), ahora la Avenue du Val d'Ardèche. Construcción del puente de la Gueule d'Enfer ("puente de las fauces del infierno"), ahora pont de l'Apic.
El 29 de enero de 2001, el subdirector General de Protección del Patrimonio Histórico, tras la tramitación correspondiente, comunicó a la entidad denunciante que el PEPRI era competencia exclusiva de la administración local y autonómica y que no cabía esperar tutela superior por parte del Estado. Contra esta decisión se interpuso recurso ante la sala del Tribunal Superior de Justicia de Madrid en el 2001. Este recurso fue admitido y se dictó sentencia el 27 de septiembre de 2004.[10]​ Siendo la protección del Patrimonio Histórico Español competencia exclusiva del Estado, se instaba a que se dictara resolución acerca de la cuestión de expolio.
En 1946 el PGOU de Valencia mantinene la idea de ciudad jardín, varía la traza hacia el norte (haciéndola coincidir con Pintor Ferrandis) y limita la sección a 40 metros. Este plan apenas tendría ninguna incidencia sobre el barrio.
Ese mismo año, en los Premios XBIZ recibió las nominaciones[5]​ a Mejor actriz revelación y a la Mejor escena de sexo en película de todo sexo por Bubble Butt Car Wash.[6]​
Integrador (Centro de Control): recibe información del sensor sobre el valor de la variable, interpreta el error que se ha producido y actúa para anularlo integrando datos del sensor y datos almacenados del punto de ajuste.
Juan Francisco Núñez del Castillo y Espinosa de Contreras (1773-1849), II conde del Castillo, V marqués de San Felipe y Santiago de Bejucal.
Moyle, P. y J. Cech.: Fishes: An Introduction to Ichthyology, 4a. edición, Upper Saddle River, Nueva Jersey, Estados Unidos: Prentice-Hall. Año 2000.
Tischer, Heinz: Die Abenteuer des letzten Kapers: Hilfskreuzer Thors Reise in die Katastrophe. Kameradschaft Hilfskreuzer Thor, Ahrensburg 2000, p. 104.
En embriología, y gracias al uso del microscopio, Malpighi fue el primero en presentar una evidencia visible de la constitución detallada de un embrión en etapas tempranas del desarrollo. Malpighi interpretó sus observaciones como una prueba a favor del preformacionismo.
Los primeros paulinos desembarcaron en Buenos Aires en 1927 fundando la obra cardenal Ferrari que dedico una particular atención al mundo universitario. Una de las fundadoras fue la escritora y política democratacristiana Angélica Felisa Fuselli. En 1930 se fundó el instituto grafotecnico considerada la primera escuela de periodismo de América latina.[5]​ Siempre en el entorno de la obra se organizaron grupos católicos de Boys scout y se estructuró la acción católica argentina.[6]​
Karin es una mangaka en la vida real. Siendo miembro del Equipo Daisy, Yumenoshima Genopsycho lleva una armadura, la cual es su habilidad, ya que esta es completamente indestructible una vez ella baje el visor de su casco, sin embargo, la misma Yumenoshima Genopsycho aun es propensa a los ataques. Ella es la tercera Chica Mágica en morir, siendo asesinada por Akane.
En 1889 estuvo en el centro de la crisis que culminó con la proclamación de la república: El mariscal Deodoro, amigo del Emperador, aceptó participar del cuartelazo solamente para lograr la destitución del gabinete del Vizconde de Ouro Preto y luego volver a su casa. Mientras tanto, Benjamin Constant divulgó la falsa versión de que Silveira Martins, adversario de Deodoro, sería el escogido para sustituir a Ouro Preto. Ese hecho desencadenó definitivamente la proclamación de la República, pues Deodoro da Fonseca no aceptaba ver a un enemigo, que lo tildaba peyorativamente de «sargentão», como primer ministro. Debido a esto, el mariscal aceptó firmar el decreto que instituyó el gobierno provisorio republicano.
El AGREE, o Instrumento para la Evaluación de Guías de Práctica Clínica, o simplemente instrumento AGREE es un instrumento para la evaluación de guías de práctica clínica. Se trata de una herramienta, integrada por 23 ítems, que evalúa el rigor metodológico y la transparencia con la cual se elaboran estas guías. Ha sido desarrollado por un grupo internacional de investigadores y autores de guías.
Anna es una chica que se mudo de Europa (probablemente Inglaterra, ya que su lengua nativa es el inglés) a Japón y tiene problemas con el idioma. Miyokata Nonako se viste como una Miko y constantemente discute con Rionetta, la cual no puede aguantar su voz fuerte y mal japonés. Ella es miembro del Equipo Clantail y su habilidad le permite hacerse amiga y domar a cualquier animal, aunque solo puede hacerlo con uno a la vez. Cuando su discusión con Rionetta llegó a su punto álgido, causo una batalla en la cual ella terminó en ella siendo asesinada por un Demonio del Mundo Cibernético, convirtiéndose en la séptima Chica Mágica en morir.
En 1948, la comitiva de la Semana Santa que venía desde el Cabanyal hasta el Grau llegaba hasta la parte de detrás de Santa María del Mar por la calle del Cristo del Grau y se disolvía en esa zona al lado de la iglesia, en la avenida del Puerto.
Se unió a su institución actual, Tec de Monterrey, Campus Monterrey en 1992, como profesor de ingeniería eléctrica y director del Centro de Electrónica y Telecomunicaciones. En sus primeros años, reestructuró el programa de maestría en telecomunicaciones para obtener la certificación CONACYT.[3]​[4]​ Actualmente él está con la división de posgrado de la Facultad de Ingeniería y Tecnologías de la Información en el Campus Monterrey, y ha dirigido más de setenta tesis y disertaciones.[5]​ El profesor es también un miembro de los comités de doctorado del Centro de Investigación y de Estudios Avanzados del Instituto Politécnico Nacional y el Centro de Investigación Científica y de Educación Superior de Ensenada, Baja California.[3]​
La ganadería se encuentra sobre todo en el territorio caldense pero mayormente o principalmente en el Valle del río Magdalena, tierras del municipio de La Dorada, debido a sus vastas planicies ofrecen un suelo rico para los ganaderos de la región.
El intento japonés por unificar Asia suroriental en la denominada Esfera de co-prosperidad de la Gran Asia Oriental -en:Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere- bajo el emperador Hirohito siguió el modelo de espacio vital propio de los estados totalitarios de inspiración fascista (la Italia fascista y la Alemania nazi) tanto como el más clásico del Segundo Imperio Alemán y el del imperialismo británico de Joseph Chamberlain, que se basaba en la unión económica; aunque en este caso adornada con conceptos religiosos tradicionales del Japón.
V.Un. Kozlov Et al. (eds.) 58.10. Nadzornye proizvodstva prokuratury SSSR po delam ob antisovetskoi agitatsii i propagande: annotirovannyi katalog (Moskva: Mezhdunarodnyi Cariñoso "Demokratiia", 1999)
La economía del departamento es diversa, esto dado en gran medida por la amplitud de ecosistemas y climas, que ofrece el territorio caldense, ampliando las posibilidades en su economía; el sector de prestación de servicios representado por el comercio, el transporte, las comunicaciones y la banca, son un fuerte del departamento, y el sector agropecuario representado principalmente por el café, representa una fuente importante de ingresos además de ser un elemento identidario para la región, la ganadería también se encuentra presente; en cuanto a manufactura, sobresalen la industria metalmecánica y los productos textiles y de confecciones, también cuanta con el sector minero focalizado en el oro principalmente, actualmente el turismo ha adquirido importancia a nivel departamental.
El 1 de diciembre de 1566, el capitán Juan Pardo y otros 125 hombres partieron del asentamiento costero de la misón jesuíta de Santa Elena, para pacificar a los nativos y convertirlos al catolicismo y encontrar ciudades indias que les pudieran proporcionar alimentos. Después de viajar a través de los pantanos del noreste de Carolina del Sur, Pardo se detuvo en Otari (cerca de la actual Charlotte, Carolina del Norte), Yssa (cerca de la actual Linville) y en enero llegaron a Joara, un gran asentamiento indio de la cultura misisipiana cerca de la actual Morganton (Carolina del Norte). Renombraron la villa como Cuenca, en memoria de la ciudad castellana.[2]​ La nieve en los montes Apalaches hizo que la expedición tuviera que establecer un campamento de invierno en las colinas de Joara. Los expedicionarios construyeron un fuerte de madera que llamaron Fuerte San Juan, en el que el sargento Hernando Moyano de Morales y treinta hombres quedaron como guarnición. Este sería el primer asentamiento europeo en Carolina del Norte, adelantándose a la colonia inglesa de la isla de Roanoke en 18 años.
58-11. Cualquier tipo de acciones de organización o de apoyo relacionadas con la preparación o ejecución de los crímenes anteriores se equipara a los delitos correspondientes y procesados por los artículos correspondientes.
El Imperio de Carlos V, extendido por Europa y América, "era el más cercano que el mundo post-clásico llegó a ver como una verdadera monarquía extendida por todo el mundo, y por lo tanto, la aproximación más cercana al imperio universal" desde el Imperio romano.[9]​ Sus defensores lo veían como un imperio mundial incluyente, basado en principios religiosos.[10]​
Además del museo del granito, el edificio también acoge en la planta superior el centro de interpretación del yacimiento arqueológico de Hijovejo, donde se muestra a través de cartelas y de material arqueológico expuesto, una explicación sobre la fortaleza romana de Hijovejo, y su importancia en el proceso de romanización de Extremadura, mostrando cerámica, aras votivas, columnas, herramientas... y una maqueta a escala del yacimiento.[6]​[4]​
1852: Thueyts debe haber sido muy sucio, porque el alcalde pide al pueblo eliminar las piedras, estiércol, madera, basura de las calles y plazas, que está causando una molestia al tráfico y podría causar problemas de salubridad. La ciudad contrató la primera presentación pública de limpieza.
En el Mundial de Atenas 1997 ganó la medalla de plata en triple salto, llegando hasta los 15.16 metros que fue récord nacional de Rumania, siendo superada por la checa Šárka Kašpárková (oro con 15.20 m que fue récord nacional de la República Checa) y por delante de la ucraniana Olena Hovorova (bronce con 14.67 m que fue su mejor marca personal).
En un congreso en Bagé, propuso una reforma constitucional y la adopción del parlamentarismo. No era su intención levantarse en armas y luchó para que no hubiese conflicto, pero fue derrotado por el inicio de la revolución Federalista, que duró de 1893 a 1895.
María Jesús GARCÍA GARROSA (1990): La retórica de las lágrimas. La comedia sentimental española (1751-1802). Valladolid: Universidad de Valladolid, 1990.
El matrimonio infantil, en particular los de menores de 12 años, no prepara ni proporciona al individuo mucha oportunidad de hacer una elección informada y libre sobre el matrimonio. Estos matrimonios infantiles son de forma implícita matrimonios arreglados.[48]​ En las zonas rurales del África subsahariana, Asia meridional y América Latina, la pobreza y la falta de opciones, tales como ser capaz de asistir a la escuela dejan pocas alternativas a los niños aparte de matrimonios arreglados.[41]​
Después del ingreso del 3 de noviembre de 1964 al Presidente de Chile, las relaciones se restablecieron el 24 de noviembre de 1964, Y no fue hasta 1967 que los tratados bilaterales fueron firmados por los dos estados.[1]​[4]​ La victoria de Salvador Allende en las elecciones presidenciales chilenas de 1970 dio a la Unión Soviética la oportunidad de estrechar lazos con Chile. La victoria del partido político de Allende, de la coalición de Socialistas Socialistas, comunistas y de diversos partidos de izquierda, demostró que tal vez el gobierno de Chile era Ideológicamente y políticamente más cerca de la Unión Soviética que cualquier otro país sudamericano. Sin embargo, la Unión Soviética vaciló en asumir la carga para garantizar el éxito del experimento chileno. Económicamente, la ayuda soviética llegó en forma de créditos a largo plazo, que representaban menos de 350 millones de dólares, con una cantidad limitada de ayuda en forma de moneda fuerte. El gobierno de Allende necesitaba más ayuda financiera, no proyectos conjuntos en pesca y vivienda, para resolver problemas de balanza de pagos. Aunque el comercio bilateral entre los dos países se expandió y diversificó, todavía era mucho más bajo que los niveles de comercio entre la Unión Soviética y otros países sudamericanos. Por último, la Unión Soviética ofreció algunas formas de asistencia técnica para la construcción de fábricas, la producción de petróleo y para operar la nacionalización chilena del cobre, minas de cobre nacionalizadas. Los limitados niveles de asistencia económica de la Unión Soviética en Chile muestran la clara vacilación soviética hacia incurrir en enormes cargas económicas.[3]​ Los soviéticos ya habían visto los inmensos costos asociados con el apoyo a un gobierno comunista en el hemisferio occidental después de su apoyo a Fidel Castro y su gobierno en Cuba después de 1959. A comienzos de los años setenta, la Unión Soviética había comenzado a practicar una distensión con Estados Unidos y un mayor apoyo al gobierno de Allende podría poner en peligro la frágil relación entre Estados Unidos y la Unión Soviética. La Unión Soviética estaba cada vez más reacia a permitir que el proceso revolucionario chileno destruyera su nueva distensión con los Estados Unidos.[5]​ La Unión Soviética también se ocupó de problemas económicos propios que disuadieron aún más el aumento de la asistencia económica a Chile. A partir de mayo de 1972, los líderes de la URSS empezaron a ver a Chile como un ejemplo de lo que podía salir mal en un proceso revolucionario, en lugar de una buena inversión en la batalla global contra el capitalismo cuando el gobierno de Allende perdió apoyo popular y la economía chilena permaneció en un parada.[6]​ Del mismo modo, la Unión Soviética practicaba el pragmatismo en sus relaciones políticas con Chile. A lo sumo, la Unión Soviética sólo demostró apoyo moral y propagandístico a Chile en lugar de una política más tangible.[3]​
La historia se centra en Marty, un niño que excava piezas antiguasde robot para luego venderlas. Un día, el descubrió el Puño de Eon, que luego de cobrar vida, se inserta en el brazo de Marty, dándole al mismo tiempo, asombrosas habilidades de lucha, que le harían saber, que él, es el último superviviente y heredero de la familia Eon.
Una secuela del manga, adaptando el arco restart, empezó a ser serializada en la edición de junio de 2016 de Monthly Comp Ace siendo ilustrada por Senbei Nori.[20]​
Max Wilberg: Regenten-Tabellen. Eine Zusammenstellung der Herrscher von Ländern aller Erdteile bis zum Beginn des 20. Jahrhunderts. Fráncfort del Óder 1906, S. 219 (escrito en alemán).
En el campo de la microscopía vegetal, despuntó por lo esmerado y exacto de sus ilustraciones, descubriendo estomas, capilares y flores. Están recopilados en su obra Anatomía Plantarum (1675-1679).
Pinon es una población y comuna francesa, en la región de Picardía, departamento de Aisne, en el distrito de Laon y cantón de Anizy-le-Château.
Según el censo de 2010,[4]​ había 725 personas residiendo en Santa Clara. La densidad de población era de 115,62 hab./km². De los 725 habitantes, Santa Clara estaba compuesto por el 90.48% blancos, el 0.97% eran afroamericanos, el 0.69% eran amerindios, el 0.28% eran asiáticos, el 0.28% eran isleños del Pacífico, el 5.1% eran de otras razas y el 2.21% pertenecían a dos o más razas. Del total de la población el 18.76% eran hispanos o latinos de cualquier raza.[5]​
Rodrigues, M.T. & Gonçalves da Cruz, C.A. 2004. Bokermannohyla izecksohni. 2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. Consultado el 21 de julio de 2007.
El municipio abarca la llanura aluvial del sur hasta la costa sur surcada por varios ríos entre ellos el mayor: el Río San Cristóbal y con varios embalses, así como gran parte de la Sierra del Rosario. Incluye los poblados urbanos de Santa Cruz de los Pinos, Taco Taco, José Martí y López Peña, así como numerosos poblados rurales (Mango Jobo, Fierro, Tranquilidad, Chirigota, Río Hondo, Piedra, Niceto Pérez, etc.). La ciudad de San Cristóbal tiene cerca de 27 000 habitantes con un rápido desarrollo urbano en los últimos años.
Elissonde comenzó con el mountain bike a la edad de ocho años, aunque en 2009 fue fichado por el equipo amateur EC Château d'Olonne. La temporada siguiente la desarrolló en el conjunto CC Étupes también como amateur y en el que consiguió una victoria de renombre como la Ronde de l'Isard d'Ariège además de ganar una etapa en la misma. Debido a esta victoria fue captado por Marc Madiot que lo puso a pruebas en la FDJ durante los últimos cuatro meses de 2011.
La temporada 1977 fue la 5º edición del Campeonato Mundial de Rally. Comenzó el 22 de enero en el Rally de Montecarlo y terminó el 4 de noviembre en el Rally de Gran Bretaña. Fue puntuable, al igual que en años anteriores para los constructores y se introdujo por primera vez la Copa FIA para pilotos (FIA Cup for Rally Drivers) que sería la predecesora del campeonato de pilotos.
Dicho nombre nace de las reverencias -tres cada parte- hechas con exagerada inclinación, que los representantes del Ayuntamiento, situados en la Plaza de San Isidoro, y el Cabildo de la Real Colegiata y Basílica de San Isidoro, situado en el atrio de la Real Basílica, hacen al despedirse una vez concluidos los actos, el dialéctico y el religioso, de esta popular fiesta. En las Crónicas y archivos figura con el nombre de Ceremonia del Foro u Oferta.
Retroalimentación positiva: tiene lugar cuando la retroalimentación tiene igual dirección que la desviación del punto de ajuste amplificando la magnitud del cambio. Luego de un lapso de tiempo se invierte la dirección del cambio retornando el sistema a la condición inicial. En sistemas fisiológicos la retroalimentación positiva es menos común que la negativa, sin embargo, es muy importante en numerosos procesos. Como ejemplos, se puede citar la coagulación de la sangre, la generación de señales nerviosas (concentración de sodio hasta generar el potencial de acción), los estrógenos y la ovulación, la lactancia y las contracciones del parto.
El libro "León, romero y festivo" de La Crónica de León, nos cuenta la historia de este hecho. Relata Lucas de Tuy canónigo de San Isidoro durante primera mitad del siglo XIII, un milagro acontecido en 1158 con el reinado de Fernando II de León:
El Jardín Botánico Jindaiji en japonés: 服部緑地都市緑化植物園 Hattori Ryokuchi Toshiryokka Shokubutsuen,[1]​ es un Arboreto y jardín botánico, en Toyonaka en la prefectura de Osaka, Japón.
(2215) Sichuan es un asteroide perteneciente al cinturón de asteroides, descubierto el 12 de noviembre de 1964 por el equipo del Observatorio de la Montaña Púrpura desde el Observatorio de la Montaña Púrpura, Nankín, (China).
Muchas culturas tradicionalmente buscan matrimonios endogámicos. Un ejemplo destacado de esta práctica es la cultura hindú, donde los novios pertenecen a la misma casta, pero no son consanguíneos, esto es, que la novia y el novio no son parientes de sangre, ni miembros de la familia extendida. Otros ejemplos de culturas que siguen la tradición de matrimonio arreglado endogámico incluyen la Amish en Estados Unidos,[67]​[68]​ los judíos Orthodoxos en Canadá, los Estados Unidos, Israel y Europa occidental,[69]​[70]​ árabes cristianos[71]​ tales como cristianos coptos en Egipto.[5]​ El matrimonio arreglado es también la tradición de muchas naciones islámicas de Asia occidental y África del Norte, pero con la diferencia de que entre el 17% y la mayoría de los matrimonios en estos países son también los matrimonios consanguíneos.[72]​[73]​[74]​[75]​
Alrededor de la década de 1840 convergen tres factores que ayudan a formar su actual fisionomía. En primer lugar, la construcción de nuevos diques para el puerto conellan la retirada del mar y el consiguiente crecimiento de la zona litoral; en segundo lugar, el poblado, con un ayuntamiento independiente, está abierto a nuevos proyectos; y en tercer lugar, el proceso de desamortización da gran importancia a la delimitación los terrenos edificables y la propiedad del terreno. Estos elementos dieron lugar a la elaboración de un ambicioso plan urbanístico para la zona, aunque en 20 años sufrirá muchas modificaciones, motivadas sobre todo por la llegada del tren al Grao, y el conseguiente aumento de la demanda turística.
Triunfos Robados 3 tiene poca relación con las otras dos anteriores, sin embargo, el argumento de dos equipos de porristas rivales haciendo diferentes cosas para intentar ganar la misma competencia es el mismo. Al igual que en Triunfos Robados I y II, la película comienza con un sueño lúcido de la protagonista y en los créditos finales se muestran outtakes de los miembros del elenco divirtiéndose durante el rodaje.
Es una de la jóvenes promesas del ciclismo francés junto con sus compatriotas Romain Bardet, Thibaut Pinot, Warren Barguil o Pierre-Roger Latour.
La segunda expedición tuvo como fin encontrar un camino seguro a las minas de plata españolas de Zacatecas (México) —los españoles apenas tenían idea del tamaño del continente y de las distancias a recorrer—y reclamar las tierras del interior para España. En esta segunda exploración por el interior del país, Pardo fundó el Fuerte San Juan, en Joara, el primer asentamiento europeo (1567-1568) en el interior de Carolina del Norte.[1]​
Fue utilizado como un punto de desembarque por los barcos negreros que contrabandeaban con esclavos africanos para su posterior traslado al puerto de Acapulco, así mismo fue un punto peligroso para algunas embarcaciones de comerciantes al ser un encalladero natural provocando así muchos accidentes.
Las reservas auríferas atrajo bien pronto a los conquistadores españoles, pero el territorio entraría en su apogeo durante la llamada Colonización antioqueña (siglo XIX),[7]​ en plena consolidación republicana después de la independencia, que se movería hacia el sur ampliando los límites del entonces llamado Estado Soberano de Antioquia.
Entre abril y mayo de 1945 la gran mayoría de albaneses que habían integrado la "División Skanderbeg" fueron muertos o capturados por los partisanos yugoslavos o por el Ejército Rojo en operaciones de represalia, aunque algunos grupos aislados de albaneses lograron llegar hasta Austria desde el noreste de Croacia para rendirse allí a los británicos.
Participó en cuatro Juegos Olímpicos de Invierno, entre los años 1998 y 2010, ocupando en Nagano 1998 el 7º lugar en el relevo femenino y en Turín 2006 el 7º lugar en la prueba de salida en grupo.[2]​
El 23 de septiembre de 1999, la representación legal de la Plataforma Salvemos el Cabañal solicitó al Ministerio de Cultura la adopción de medidas que evitaran el expolio que, a su juicio, supondría la ejecución del Plan Especial de Protección y Reforma Interior del Cabañal-Cañamelar (PEPRI).
En 1638, Mary Dyer y su esposo, William, fueron desterrados, junto con Hutchinson, de la colonia. Por consejo de Roger Williams, el grupo de Hutchinson y Dyer se mudó a Portsmouth, Rhode Island. William Dyer, al igual que otros 18 hombres, firmó el Pacto de Portsmouth.
El Robot-Luchador, con el que Marty tenía que pelear les ha perseguido tanto a él como a Ally y Bottons. Los amigos de Martin están en serios apuros, el Robot-Luchador, los ataca sin piedad para forzar el Heredero de Eon a que termine su combate. Bottons tendrá en esta ocasión una oportunidad única y lograra evitar que Ally salga lastimada, pero aun así no puede evitar que caiga durante este acto tan valiente de Bottons. Cuando consiguen salir, nuestros protagonistas se encuentran con la nieta de Orage Mama, quien al final cede ante las palabras de nuestros heroes, para poder continuar su camino. Pero el Robot que quiso desde un principio pelear contra Marty no deja en su empeño y apunto esta de dañar a la nieta de Orage Mama, pero nuestro protagonista condigue evitar un mal mayor.
Durante la mayor parte de la historia humana, el matrimonio ha sido una institución social que produjo hijos y organiza la herencia de propiedad de una generación a la siguiente. Diversas culturas, en particular algunos miembros de la realeza y las familias aristocráticas, los matrimonios arreglados, son en parte para conservar o racionalizar la herencia de su riqueza.[94]​
La renovación de todo esto se produce en la década de los veinte de 1900. Un grupo de devotos crea en 1924 la Germandat de la Santa Faç (Hermandad de la Santa Faz) en la Parroquia de la Mare de Déu del Roser (Nuestra Señora del Rosario), y a ellos corresponde el mito de haber introducido un nuevo elemento de culto, rompiendo con la uniformidad de las imágenes, porque, al Natzaré (Nazareno) y a la Dolorosa, añadió el grupo del Paso de la Verónica, que constaba de cinco figuras. Por otro lado modificó el vestuario, dotándolo de telas más ricas que, a poco a poco, fue asumiendo el resto; en tercer lugar, acabó con la concepción de Semana Santa Marinera integrada por Granaderos, Sayos i Vestas, dando paso a una etapa de creación de nueves hermandades que transformará el panorama de les procesiones.
La sección 10 del artículo 58 hizo de la "propaganda y agitación contra la Unión Soviética" una ofensa enjuiciable, mientras que la sección 12 permitió que los espectadores fueran perseguidos por no reportar casos de la sección 10. En efecto, el artículo 58 era carta blanca para que la policía secreta arrestara y encarcelara a cualquier sospechoso, haciendo de ella un arma política. Una persona podría ser incriminada: Si esta última organizaba un incidente "anti-soviético" con la presencia de la persona y luego probar a la persona para ello. Si la persona es declarada inocente, no haber informado del incidente también los haría pasar por prisión.
El territorio del departamento se ve atravesado en su totalidad por las cordilleras andinas Central y Occidental. La topografía del departamento está dada entre los 5.400 y 170 m.s.n.m, El Nevado del Ruiz el Punto más alto y el municipio de La Dorada el más bajo del departamento, estas alturas también hacen variar grandemente en cuanto a clima y paisajes, no solo hay grandes elevaciones como el de páramo de Letras, y el páramo de San Félix, si no que también se encuentran planicies como las del Valle interandino del Magdalena, también en el Valle del Risaralda y cañones como el del Cauca.
España se consagró campeona por primera vez y gracias a esto clasificó también por primera vez a una edición del Trofeo Mundial presentándose en Zimbabue 2016.[1]​[2]​[3]​
Desde 1729 hasta 1813 se denominó Villa de la Real Isla de León. Por eso, el juramento de las Cortes del año 1810 se denomina de las Cortes de La Real Isla de León. La denominación de Isla de León es anterior a 1729. Ese es el motivo de que no pueda asociarse el término Isla de León a las Cortes de 1810, sino las Cortes de la Real Isla de León de 1810, ya que así se denominaba esta ciudad cuando sucedieron los acontecimientos de 1810.
La orquesta fue creada en 1946 por las fuerzas de ocupación estadounidenses de Berlín. Su primera denominación fue RIAS-Symphonie-Orchester, correspondiendo el acrónimo RIAS a Rundfunk im amerikanischen Sektor (Radio del Sector Estadounidense), por lo que era conocida también como la Amerikanischen Sektor Rundfunk Orchester en alemán y como American Sector Symphony Orchestra en inglés. En 1956 la orquesta fue renombrada como Radio-Symphonie-Orchester Berlin en alemán y como Berlin Radio Symphony Orchestra en inglés. En 1993 la orquesta tomó su nombre actual. El primer director principal de la orquesta fue el húngaro Ferenc Fricsay, que mantuvo con la misma una muy fructífera relación durante décadas.
Muñoz Rodríguez nació el 30 de agosto de 1949 en Guadalajara, donde estudió su carrera en la Universidad de Guadalajara (1973) con cursos de David Mehl Blum en la Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México. Luego pasó a estudiar su maestría en el Instituto Politécnico Nacional (IPN) en el año 1976 enfocada en electrónica y comunicaciones. Después estudió su doctorado en la Universidad de Essex University of Essex, en Inglaterra en 1979.[2]​[3]​
El 3 de noviembre de 2003, "Slow" fue lanzado en el Reino Unido. La canción se convirtió en séptimo número uno de Minogue solo cuando debutó en el primer lugar en la lista de sencillos, y pasó un total de diez semanas en los primeros setenta y cinco. Sin embargo, a pesar de "Slow" se convirtió en número uno en el Reino Unido, que sólo se venden 43.000 copias, su más bajo número de ventas del Reino Unido un único y hasta la fecha es uno de los más bajos de ventas número uno de singles en la historia de listas del Reino Unido; en segundo lugar, George Michaels en el puesto número 1 con "Faith".
1461: Extinción de la familia de los Pressis, habitantes del castillo desde el siglo XIII, debido al matrimonio de Marguerite des Pressis avec François de Blou. Familia Blou Pressis ocupará el castillo hasta 1886.
En 1931 la Orquesta Sinfónica del Sodre (OSSODRE) de Uruguay lo contrató como viola solista y luego como director de orquesta. En 1941 se casó con la pianista uruguaya Sarah Bourdillon. A partir de 1942 dirigió como invitado orquestas argentinas y brasileñas, entre ellas la Orquesta de la Radio Nacional de Río de Janeiro, la de Buenos Aires y la sinfónica de la Universidad de Cuyo. Fundó la orquesta de cámara de la Asociación Uruguaya de Cultura Artística y la dirigió. Realizó giras por Europa difundiendo la obra de autores uruguayos.[2]​[3]​
En muchas culturas, especialmente en partes de África y el Medio Oriente, las hijas son valiosas en el mercado matrimonial, porque el novio y su familia deben pagar en efectivo y bienes por el derecho a casarse con la hija. Esto se denomina como dote y localmente, por diversos nombres como Lobola y Wine Carrying.[100]​[101]​ La dote es típicamente mantenida por la familia de la novia, después de la boda, y es una fuente de ingresos para las familias pobres. Los hermanos, padre y parientes masculinos de la novia suelen tener mucho interés en organizar un matrimonio con un hombre que está dispuesto a pagar más riqueza a cambio del derecho a casarse con ella.[102]​[103]​
Morongo Valley es un lugar designado por el censo ubicado en el condado de San Bernardino en el estado estadounidense de California. En el año 2000 tenía una población de 1,929 habitantes y una densidad poblacional de 96.5 personas por km².
Son un escuadrón de robots ninja, comandados por Black Beauty. Sus armas son sus cuchillos y sus látigos. Son de color negro, con un ojo rojo triangular. Sus técnicas son el Látigo Pendular.
El club comenzó a jugar en las ligas regionales. Sus progresos los tuvo en la Liga ateniense en 1921, la Liga del Istmo en 1964, y la Conferencia en 1986 y en la temporada 1999-2000
La Isla de León es una isla situada en la bahía de Cádiz, situada en la costa atlántica andaluza. La isla está ocupada por los municipios de Cádiz al norte y San Fernando al sur, estando unidas ambas por un tómbolo.[1]​
Los comienzos de la Era Robot se vieron afectados por una Gran Guerra, que se encontró al mando de un tirano cyborg conocido como El General. La humanidad ya había perdido las esperanzas, hasta que un guerrero, llamado Eon, revertiría las cosas, destruyendo al General y sacrificándose en el proceso.
Agüera es una pedanía perteneciente al municipio de Merindad de Montija situado en la comarca de Las Merindades, provincia de Burgos, comunidad autónoma de Castilla y León, en España.
El equipo masculino de baloncesto fue subcampeón del torneo de la NCAA de 1973. De esta universidad han salido notables baloncestistas como Anfernee Hardaway, Dajuan Wagner, Lorenzen Wright, Derrick Rose y Tyreke Evans.
Desde el año 2009, forma parte del consejo de administración para Make Music Matter, una organización sin fines de lucro que utiliza la música y el arte con conciencia social para fomentar a los jóvenes que viven en las comunidades africanas que se ven afectados por la pobreza extrema.[4]​ Moneen, Basia Lyjak, y The Getaway Plan son algunos de los artistas que han grabado en la instalación.
El municipio de Germania (en inglés: Germania Township) es un municipio ubicado en el condado de Stutsman en el estado estadounidense de Dakota del Norte. En el año 2010 tenía una población de 19 habitantes y una densidad poblacional de 0,2 personas por km².[2]​
Gaspar da Silveira Martins (Cerro Largo, Uruguay,[1]​ 5 de agosto de 1834 — Montevideo, 23 de julio de 1901) fue un magistrado y político brasileño. Fue diputado provincial y general, presidente de la entonces provincia de Río Grande del Sur, ministro de Hacienda y senador del Imperio del Brasil de 1880 a 1889.
Hanna está fascinada con el personaje de Anna Karina en la película de Juan-Luc Godard, "Vivre sa vie" y pasa tu tiempo viendo el filme y tratando de imitarla. También empieza a darse cuenta de su homosexualidad, enamorándose de su maestra y besando a otra chica, Laura.
David Muñoz Rodríguez (1950)[1]​ es profesor e investigador del Tec de Monterrey, Campus Monterrey, especializado en comunicaciones electrónicas. Él ha estado enseñando a nivel universidad desde 1971 y ha sido director del Centro de Electrónica y Telecomunicaciones desde 1992. Ha publicado numerosos artículos científicos y varios libros. Su trabajo ha sido reconocido por el nivel III de miembros en el Sistema Nacional de Investigadores y por varios premios.
En verano de 2009, el Alta Gestión Fuenlabrada lo cedió al CB Illescas, su equipo vinculado, ya que sus dos plazas de extracomunitarios estaban cubiertas. Sin embargo, tras 5 jornadas en el equipo filial, donde se convirtió en el mejor jugador y en uno de los 5 mejores pivots de la competición, se le presentó la posibilidad de jugar en una categoría superior. El Alta Gestión Fuenlabrada decidió cederlo al Tenerife Baloncesto que entrenaba un viejo conocido de Gustavo, Iván Déniz ex entrenador de los Soles de Mexicali, equipo contra el que se enfrentó Ayón en dos finales de la LNBP.
El PGOU de 1988 (vigente actualmente) reconoce un valor histórico incuestionable para el barrio y se refiere a él como Conjunto Histórico Protegido. También fija como objetivo la regeneración y revitalización del barrio. Expone cómo algunas de las soluciones propuestas anteriormente son incompatibles con la protección del barrio y se aconseja diferir la solución concreta del Cabanyal-Canyamelar a un estudio posterior.
Carlos A. López es un barrio de Asunción (Paraguay), de creación relativamente reciente, es sin embargo producto de un desprendimiento sufrido por el tradicional Barrio Sajonia, uno de los más tradicionales de la capital de Paraguay.
Durante el siglo XIII perteneció a los la Orden Militar del Hospital de San Juan de Jerusalén, de cuyo señorío fue liberada la villa en el año 1555.
Gary Lee y Lorene Stone sugieren que la mayoría de los matrimonios de adultos en la historia moderna reciente, están en algún grado entre ser un ejemplo de matrimonio arreglado y un matrimonio autónomo, en parte porque el matrimonio es una institución social.[27]​Del mismo modo, Broude y Greene, después de estudiar 142 culturas de todo el mundo, informaron que 130 culturas tienen elementos de matrimonio arreglado.[28]​
El PEPRI no tiene en consideración los valores histórico artísticos que motivaron su protección. Especialmente, altera la peculiar trama en retícula, objeto de protección.
Los estudiosos[110]​[126]​se preguntan si el amor y el respeto de la vida conyugal es mayor en los matrimonios arreglados que los matrimonios autónomos. Epstein sugiere que en muchos matrimonios arreglados, el amor surge con el tiempo. Ni los matrimonios arreglados ni los autónomos ofrecen ninguna garantía. Muchos matrimonios arreglados también terminan siendo fríos y disfuncionales, así, con informes de abuso.[127]​[128]​[129]​
Zuloaga, F. O., O. N. Morrone, M. J. Belgrano, C. Marticorena & E. Marchesi. (eds.) 2008. Catálogo de las plantas vasculares del Cono Sur. Monogr. Syst. Bot. Missouri Bot. Gard. 107(1–3): i–xcvi, 1–3348.
Es un robot con aspecto de guerrero de la antigua China, capaz de manejar el viento y de disparar con múltiples misiles. Aunque sólo pelean una vez, nombra a Magnum como su más digno rival.
Ako es una chica de secundaria que vive con sus tíos, pues su padre esta en prisión y su madre, aparentemente fue asesinada por su padre. Es solitaria y retraída, tratando de aferrarse la vida. Le encantan los conejos de peluche y, al parecer también el cuento de Alicia en el País de la Maravillas, pues su transformación, Hardgore Alice, es una versión oscura de la personaje; llevando un vestido negro, tiene el pelo largo y ojeras. Siempre carga consigo su conejo de peluche. Su habilidad es la de recuperarse de cualquier herida, siendo la más resistente de todas en combate y como Fav señalo prácticamente invencible ya que incluso destrozada totalmente se puede regenerar totalmente, su única debilidad es el ser descubierta al transformarse, lo cual le quitaría sus poderes instantáneamente. Ella admira mucho a Snow White, pues esta le ayudó en cierto momento, siendo así su inspiración como Chica Mágica. Ella es la décima Chica Mágica en morir al ser descubierta por Swim Swim, quien la asesina sin estar transformada, murió en brazos de Snow White pero pudo darle el objeto mágico Pata de Conejo que le sirvió cuando confronto a Fav.
En la variante dialectal en la que está presente el leísmo al hablante puede resultarle más natural la sustitución del complemento directo por un pronombre de dativo antes que de acusativo. En este caso tal hablante puede acudir a la transformación de la oración en voz pasiva y comprobar si el objeto directo se ha transformado en sujeto paciente.
^ Set Me Free at Rotten Tomatoes, retrieved April 27, 2007 ^ Set Me Free at Metacritic, retrieved May 13, 2007 ^ Roger Ebert's review of Set Me Free ^ Set Me Free at Box Office Mojo ^ Emporte-Moi (1999) awards at imdb.com
Adrien Begrand de PopMatters, afirmó que la canción fue el punto central del álbum y escribió que era la canción más seductora de Minogue hasta la fecha.
O partido federalista do Rio Grande do Sul (1892 - 1928), Cadernos de História, Memorial do Rio Grande do Sul, Nº 13, Sérgio da Costa Franco. (en portugués) PDF
La Cuenca del Atlántico Nordeste Occidental es una de las doce regiones hidrográficas de Brasil. Posee una área de 254.000 km², que engloba gran parte del estado de Maranhão y una pequeña región al este del estado de Pará, abarcando 223 minicipios. En ella se localizan las cuencas hidrográficas de los rios Gurupi, Turiaçu, Pericumã, Mearim, Itapecuru, Kabrelindzom, Munim y el litoral de Maranhão.
Matrimonio consanguíneo: es un tipo de matrimonio arreglado endogámico.[33]​ Es uno donde la novia y el novio comparten un abuelo o antepasados cercano. Ejemplos de estos incluyen los matrimonios entre primos primeros, matrimonios tío-sobrina, matrimonios con primos segundos, y así sucesivamente. Los matrimonios consanguíneos más comunes son los matrimonios entre primos primeros, seguidos de los matrimonios con primos segundos y tío-sobrina. Este tipo de matrimonios arreglados son más comunes en las comunidades musulmanas del mundo. Entre el 25 y el 40% de todos los matrimonios en partes de Arabia Saudita y Pakistán son matrimonios entre primos primeros; mientras que globalmente los matrimonios consanguíneos arreglados exceden del 65 al 80% en varias regiones del Oriente Medio, África del Norte y Asia Central islámica.[34]​[35]​
Al entrar Marty usa la llave que le había dado Charlie, se encuentra con un holograma de Eon que le dice que su misión es destruir al General cueste lo que cueste, entonces le da su chii para que sea más fuerte. Después de salir del templo se encuentra con un gran robot esbirro del General que quiere venganza porque Eón le dejó congelado en el glaciar y ha estado 100 años así.
Guido Santórsola (Canosa di Puglia, Apulia, 18 de noviembre de 1904 - Montevideo, 25 de setiembre de 1994) fue un músico, compositor, director de orquesta y profesor brasileño nacido en Italia y radicado en Uruguay. Su esposa fue la pianista Sarah Bourdillon.[1]​
Poblaciones étnicas minoritarias migrantes tienen pocas opciones de conocer compañeros, sobre todo cuando son estereotipados, segregados o evitados por la mayoría de la población. Esto anima a la homogamia y los matrimonios arreglados dentro del grupo étnico. Los ejemplos de esta dinámica incluyen los matrimonios sijs entre 1910 y 1980 en Canadá,[60]​ matrimonios cuasi-organizados homógamos entre ascendencia europea sudafricana,[61]​ matrimonios arreglados entre los Judíos jasídicos,[62]​[63]​ los matrimonios entre inmigrantes americano-japoneses antes de la década de 1960, que viajaban a Japón, para casarse con el cónyuge organizado por la familia, y luego regresar casados. En otros casos, una chica de Japón podía llegar a los Estados Unidos como una novia-foto, lista para casarse con el hombre americano-japonés a su llegada, a quien nunca había conocido antes.[64]​
BitTyrant es el resultado de proyectos de investigación en la Universidad de Washington y la Universidad de Massachusetts (campus de Amherst), desarrollado y sostenido por los profesores Tom Anderson, Arvind Krishnamurthy, y Arun Venkataramani y los alumnos Michael Piatek, Jarret Falkner, y Tomás Isdal. El documento que describe cómo funciona, Do Incentives Build Robustness in BitTorrent?[2]​(¿Los incentivos construyen robustez en BitTorrent?, pretendido para combatir la creencia común de que el protocolo de transferencia de BitTorrent "must upload to download" (debe cargar para descargar, en inglés) evita que los clientes estratégicos jueguen el sistema. Dicho estudio ganó un premio al mejor documento de estudiante en la conferencia de 2007 de Networked Systems Design and Implementation.
En la Europa continental el single alcanzó el puesto número uno en Dinamarca, España y Rumania y alcanzar los cinco primeros y el éxito de los diez primeros en la mayoría de las naciones, como Bélgica, Finlandia, Alemania, Hungría, Irlanda, Italia, Países Bajos y Noruega, lo que resulta en una posición máxima de número dos en la tabla pan-europea. También llegó al número 1 de radiodifusión en Croacia , Bélgica y Eslovenia. En Canadá, la canción fue lanzada el 13 de enero de 2004, y alcanzó el puesto número seis, convirtiéndose en uno de los singles más exitosos Minogue allí.
Antonio envió a Cleopatra un esclavo (Aún invirtiendo el orden de los complementos, su función sintáctica sigue siendo evidente gracias al valor distintivo de la preposición)
El video comienza con los amigos de cody montados en sus bicicletas hablando, en eso llega Cody Simpson cuando de repente le llega un mensaje con un emoticon a su móvil, en eso se van en sus bicicletas, pasan por un poste que tiene un anuncio de una presentación de Flo Rida (que tiene una foto del cantante) y esta se empieza a mover y a cantar la primera parte de la canción, en eso pasan la escena de cody cantando el coro de la canción mientras el y sus amigos van por la calle en sus bicicletas directo a la playa, cody termina de cantar el coro y empieza a cantar la segunda estrofa en la playa, el y sus amigos llegan a la playa a visitar a una chica, bajan de sus bicicletas y la chica sale de su casa, cody se quita las gafas que trae y la comienza a perseguir, en la siguiente escena le pone una pulsera a la chica, en la escena siguiente cody, sus amigos y la chica se sacan fotos en la casa de la chica (entre esas escenas hay escenas de cody cantando dentro de la casa de la chica y en la playa), en la escena siguiente cody limpia una tabla de surf, camina hacia el mar y comienza a surfear (entre esas escenas hay escenas de cody coqueteándole a la chica), después de eso los chicos patinan por el vecindario, en la escena siguiente cody llega a una tienda de tablas de surf y saluda al dueño y le muestra una tabla, en la escena siguiente cody y la chica se mojan con pistolas de agua, después la cámara enfoca unas fotos de surfistas, de cody con la chica, etc. Entre esas fotos hay una de Flo Rida en eso (como al principio) la foto comienza a bailar y a cantar (entre esas escenas hay unas donde esta Flo Rida dibujado en el piso y a los lados el título de la canción "iYiYi" y abajo de el su alias : "Flo Rida") después vuelve a aparecer la escena de cody surfeando y de repente aparecen dos carteles de los dos cantantes : "Cody Simpson" y "Flo Rida" mientras las fotos de los cantantes bailan, después aparece una escena en un parque de skaters y otro cartel de Flo Rida este anunciando su nueva canción Club Can't Handle Me, en la última escena hay una fiesta en la playa y la chica llama a Cody, el la sigue y se van de la mano, mientras en otra escena donde Cody está solo termina de cantar y se va corriendo hacia el mar y la cámara se va alzando enfocando el cielo para terminar el video.
Hasta fines del siglo XX, en cambio, existía una balsa, que trasladaba vehículos a través del lago, que continuaban el camino hacia Chile, ya que no existía otra forma de llegar hasta el paso trasandino ubicado en esa zona. En el corto trayecto que se recorre para llegar hasta el límite con Chile, la ruta pasa junto a los Baños del Epulafquen, el río Oconi y el lago Carilafquén.
Apodada Ash por sus amigos y familia, fue compañera de clase en el colegio del centrocampista del Hamilton Academical Football Club, Jim McAlister, y compañera de clase en la universidad de Derek Hough. Ha aparecido recientemente en 2010 en el drama romántico Cartas a Julieta como Patricia, la prima de Charlie, un papel secundario.
Se trata de un palacio renacentista construido en el siglo XVI situado en la localidad de Ligüerre de Cinca, perteneciente al municipio de Abizanda, en la comarca de Sobrarbe, provincia de Huesca, Aragón, España.
Naoko es una mujer abandonada por su familia por ser una alcohólica y agredir a su hija, descarga su ira con violencia y al ser una Chica Mágica sólo piensa en hacer lo que plazca, cometiendo crímenes y actuando como una forajida. Su transformación es una sensual mujer de cabellera rubia, con apariencia de vaquera pistolera. Su habilidad es mejorar cualquier arma que posea, haciéndola más resistente o de mayor poder destructivo. Ella es la séptima Chica Mágica en morir después de ser golpeada en la cabeza por un shuriken de Ripple.
La Orquesta Sinfónica Alemana de Berlín (en alemán: Deutsches Symphonie-Orchester Berlin, abreviada como DSOB) es una agrupación orquestal alemana con sede en Berlín, Alemania, que fue fundada en 1946 por las fuerzas de ocupación estadounidenses de Berlín como la orquesta sinfónica de la Rundfunk im amerikanischen Sektor (RIAS). Tugan Sokhiev es su director musical desde 2012.
Stephen Robert "Steve" Reid', más conocido como Steve McFadden (Maida Vale, West London, Inglaterra, 20 de marzo de 1959), es un actor inglés conocido por interpretar a Phil Mitchell en la serie EastEnders.
Risaralda: Al Oeste y Suroeste, es uno de los límites más importantes y largos que tiene Caldas, representado por el Río Cauca y las estribaciones de la cordillera Occidental, se encuentra representado por 18 municipios, 9 de Risaralda (Santa Rosa de Cabal, Marsella, La Virginia, Santuario, Apía, Belén de Umbría, Quinchía, Guática y Mistrató) y 9 de Caldas (Villamaría, Chinchiná, Belalcázar, Viterbo, Risaralda, Anserma, Neira, Filadelfia y Riosucio).
Monarquía universal o imperio universal son conceptos ideológicos y geopolíticos que pretenden el predominio o hegemonía total de una monarquía o imperio sobre el resto de los Estados de la totalidad del mundo, o al menos de la parte conocida del mundo ("mundo conocido") o la parte que se entienda como habitable (ekumene) o civilizada; diferenciándose de otro tipo de monarquías o Estados que no pretenden tal grado de soberanía total.
Fue recibida con críticas positivas por una variedad de críticos. En Nueva York, la revista Ethan Brown describió la canción como una "plantilla" a seguir para la estrellas pop, que tiene ritmos eléctricos que son "calientes, incluso radiante".
Hasta la primera mitad del siglo XX, los matrimonios arreglados eran comunes en las familias inmigrantes en los Estados Unidos.[22]​ A veces se les llamaba matrimonios picture-bride (prometida de foto) entre los inmigrantes americano-japoneses porque la novia y el novio sólo se conocían a través del intercambio de fotografías antes del día de su boda. Estos matrimonios entre inmigrantes eran típicamente arreglados por los padres o familiares del país de origen. Como los inmigrantes se establecían y se adaptaban en una nueva cultura, los matrimonios concertados desplazaron primero a los matrimonios cuasi-organizados donde los padres o amigos hacían presentaciones y la pareja se reunía antes del matrimonio; con el tiempo, los matrimonios entre los descendientes de estos inmigrantes cambiaron a matrimonios autónomos impulsados por la elección individual, citas y cortejo a preferencia de las personas, junto con un aumento de los matrimonios interraciales.[22]​[23]​ Dinámicas históricas similares se reivindican en otras partes del mundo.[24]​[25]​
Artiom Zajarov, nacido el 27 de octubre de 1991 en Petropavl, es un ciclista kazajo que milita en el conjunto Team Astana.[1]​ Su nombre transliterado al inglés es Artyom Zakharov.
Brandi es copropietaria y directora financiera[7]​ de No Rivals Media, una compañía multimedia de entretenimiento para adultos. Continúa siendo la principal personalidad de su sitio web para adultos y ha creado parentsinadult.com, la única asociación filántropa dedicada a los padres trabajadores de la Industria del sexo.
En el tercer período prevalece el contrapunto y tiene como principales obras a Concierto para dos guitarras y orquesta, Concierto para 2 bandoneones y orquesta, Dos imágenes sonoras, Ensueño para guitarra y piano, dos Sinfonías para gran orquesta en cuatro movimientos y Preludio, Aria y Finale (su última obra).
Ellos huyen en un vehículo que horas más tarde, se descompone. Al ser rodeados por una banda de motociclistas, Marty intenta enfrentarlos, sin embargo, son salvados por George, un robot-camionero y ex-campeón del Torneo de Lucha del Valle Naranja, y quien ya sabía, sobre la recompensa.
David Bottrill es un ingeniero de sonido y productor discográfico canadiense, ganador de tres premios Grammy. Empezó en su adolescencia trabajando en una grabación con Bob y Daniel Lanois. En 1985 emigró al Reino Unido para grabar un álbum de Peter Gabriel con Lanois. Bottrill trabajó once años en el Real World Studios.[1]​ En 1988 trabajó con Gabriel en la banda sonora de La última tentación de Cristo de Martin Scorsese.[2]​
Ganó una medalla de bronce en el Campeonato Mundial de Taekwondo de 1993, y una medalla de oro en el Campeonato Panamericano de Taekwondo de 1992. En los Juegos Panamericanos de 1999 consiguió una medalla de oro.[2]​
El nombre del departamento está estrechamente relacionado a la historia de Caldas como Eje Cafetero. Cuando se decidió crear el departamento, hubo un desacuerdo en el congreso de la República. Definidos los límites, el departamento ocuparía una parte de Antioquia y otra parte de Cauca en partes iguales 50 por ciento cada uno. Después se le anexó el territorio del actual Quindío, que era territorio caucano en 1909.
La historia Selección de baloncesto de Yugoslavia, con el trasfondo histórico de la ruptura de la República Federal Socialista de Yugoslavia en los 90 y la amistad de hermanos desarrollada por los yugoslavos Vlade Divac (de Serbia) y Dražen Petrović (de Croacia) ambos estrellas consagradas en su país se puede ver en el documental: Una vez hermanos.
Hizo su debut en el cine con la película Mamma Mia!, basada en el musical homónimo, el cual está basado a su vez en las canciones de la famosa banda sueca ABBA.
Han pasado 100 años, y uno de los pocos recuerdos que quedan de esta guerra, es el puño de guerrero Eon, que es encontrado por Marty (a quien el puño se le acopla en el brazo) y su perro Buttons. Junto con esto, nuestro protagonista conoce a Ally, quien escapaba de la Torre de Hierro, tras saber la verdad de su padrastro que pronto se revelaría.
Como campeón brasileño en 1974, participó en el Panamericano en Canadá, donde obtuvo un excelente lugar número 39, logrando así la primera norma de Maestro Internacional. Segal anotó su segunda norma en el Torneo de la Ciudad de São Paulo en 1977, y el título de Maestro Internacional fue concedida en el mismo año por la Federación Internacional de Ajedrez (FIDE). Participó en la final del campeonato varias veces y se clasificó como titular del equipo que representó a Brasil en 1982 en Suiza. En sus éxitos de carrera, fue campeón de Santa Catarina en 1980 y 1981. Fue campeón paulista en cuatro ocasiones (1972, 1976, 1991 y 1993) y de Brasil dos veces (1974 y 1978). Fue otro poseedor del récord brasileño con 155 partidos simultáneos. Defendió cinco veces Brasil en las Olimpiadas de Ajedrez. Le gustaba decir que era un jugador de ajedrez "Olímpico". Participó en más de 900 torneos nacionales e internacionales.[2]​
El CDF (Cuerpo de Defensa Federal) es una agencia paramilitar que mantiene la paz global, fundada después de la guerra contra el General y sus tropas.
El verano después del éxito taza marcada elección de Sutton en la Liga del Istmo. En 1967, ganó el título de liga. Dos temporadas más tarde, el club estaba en el estadio Wembley de nuevo para la final de la Copa Amateur, pero perdió 2-1 ante los sorprendentes oprimidos [[North Shields FC|. North Shields] ].
En su nueva escuela, Britney de inmediato se siente fuera de lugar ya que es de las pocas estudiantes de raza blanca y tiene dificultades para congeniar con sus compañeros, especialmente con Camille (Solange Knowles), la capitana de los "Warriors de Creenshaw Heights", y sus dos mejores amigas, Letty (Francia Almendarez) y Kirresha (Giovonnie Samuels), que la llaman "blanquita", "Barbie cursi" o "copito de nieve". Además de que su estilo para animar es más urbano y agresivo; cuando Britney muestra lo hábil que es en animación, los Warriors deciden hacerla parte del equipo; en un principio Britney se niega ya que hizo un "juramento porrista" con los Piratas de no volver a animar y no ser una "animazorra", como su equipo llama a las traidoras de la animación), finalmente cede porque animar es su pasión y es el único lugar en donde realmente encaja en el instituto. Sin embargo, los problemas surgen cuando Winnie (Marcy Rylan), que ahora es la capitana de los Piratas descubre que Britney retomó la animación cuando es televisado que los Warriors van a participar en el concurso que llevará a cabo Rihanna (quien participa en la película como ella misma) para encontrar a un grupo de porritas que baile en su siguiente vídeo musical. Winnie ridiculiza a Britney frente a los demás porristas y corre el rumor de su "traición", haciendo que su antiguo equipo la resientan. Afortunadamente, a esas alturas Britney ya congenia bien con Camille, Letty y Kirresha, además de que empieza a enamorarse de Jesse (Gustave "Gus" Carr), uno de los animadores de Warriors. Ambos equipos practican arduamente sus rutinas para la audición y un día después de salir de uno de los entrenamientos, Britney y Jesse confiesan sus sentimientos y se besan, pero Britney se siente culpable ya que todavía es novia de Brad. Confundida, Britney habla con otra de sus amigas, Amber (Cindy Chiu) para pedirle un consejo y es en ese momento que ella le revela que Winnie y Brad han estado saliendo. Britney planea dejar a Brad en el baile de fin de curso de su antiguo instituto, pero para eso debe mentir a Camille diciéndole que "su perrito Nike ha muerto y debe hacer un funeral". Pero justo cuando Brad y Britney están por salir, llegan Jesse y Camille, que traen flores para el "funeral". Ambos se dan cuenta de la mentira y la sacan del equipo ya que mostró más lealtad con su antiguo grupo.
La región se caracteriza por ser una transición entre los biomas del Amazonas y del Cerrado, presentando también formaciones litorales. El principal centro urbano de la cuenca es São Luis, la capital de Maranhão.
También fue Director de Prensa de la Universidad de Coímbra y alentó a la publicación de cientos de libros y varias líneas de investigación, en particular en la historia de la ciencia y pensadores portugueses. Acometió el proyecto de escribir la historia de la filosofía en Portugal.
En primer lugar el síndico del Ayuntamiento, hace referencia a que es una fiesta para guardar la tradición y que están allí para cumplirla por lo tanto es una OFRENDA que cumplen todos los años, y además lo hacen por propia voluntad sin obligación alguna. A ello el Cabildo contesta que eso es mentira que lo hacen como un FORO, como una obligación, sujeta por el milagro acaecido años atrás.
El 7 de febrero de 1962 se integró un pequeño grupo de jóvenes rebeldes dirigidos por los Yon Sosa y Turcios Lima, junto con César Montes,[4]​ creando el Movimiento Revolucionario Trece de Noviembre (MR-13); entre sus miembros aparece también Pablo Monsanto,[5]​ quien también era conocido por el sobrenombre de «Manzana». El grupo abrió así un nuevo tipo de lucha política en el país al formar el Movimiento Revolucionario Trece de Noviembre (MR-13) con el fin de derrocar al gobierno por medio de las armas; para ello contactaron con los grupos políticos, en especial con el PGT, para establecer alianzas. La crisis política continuó y el gobierno abrió muchos flancos, iniciándose así la lucha guerrillera en Guatemala.[3]​
Mañeru es un municipio español de la Comunidad Foral de Navarra, situado en la merindad de Estella, en la comarca de Estella Oriental, el Valdizarbe y a 12,89 km de la capital de la comunidad, Pamplona. Su población en 2017 fue de 422 habitantes (INE).
Todos los años, en primavera, se realiza un festival que dura una semana denominado la Semana 69 del estudiante. En la ciudad de Poitiers se organiza el famoso Bitardbourg. Se destiva por beberse toda la semana aperitivos, mientras hay actividades y fiesta a lo largo de todo el día.
Rush nació en marzo de 1995 en el distrito de Hollywood, en la ciudad de Los Ángeles (California), en una familia con ascendencia mexicana, española, irlandesa y galesa.[1]​ No se sabe mucho de su vida antes de 2014, año en que a sus 19 años entró en la industria pornográfica.[1]​
En cuanto al fútbol americano, el programa comenzó a destacar a principios de siglo, logrando tres bowl games consecutivos en 2004, 2005 y 2006.
En 1662 viaja a Mesina, donde fue titular de la cátedra de prima medicina. Cuatro años después regresa a su primitiva universidad, en la cual permaneció durante los veinticinco años siguientes y finalmente en 1691 viaja a Roma al ser nombrado médico del Papa Inocencio XII. Murió tres años después, en el Palacio del Quirinal.[2]​
«Ferdinand Jacob Lindheimer». Índice Internacional de Nombres de las Plantas (IPNI). Real Jardín Botánico de Kew, Herbario de la Universidad de Harvard y Herbario nacional Australiano (eds.).
Este brazo, al activarse, se acopla al brazo de Marty, otorgándole asombrosas habilidades de lucha y superpoderes, y convirtiéndolo así en el protagonista de una lucha ancestral entre el bien y el mal, que empieza a despertar tras 100 años de paz.
Gaff es el guerrero robot responsable de proteger a la familia Eon. Ha custodiado el Puño durante un siglo a la espera del heredero legítimo de Eon, desde el día en que este muriera en el campo de batalla tras derrotar al General. Es un luchador muy dotado, con aspecto de samurái con armadura roja y blanca. Pelea con una katana negra de filo rojo, llamada Espada Dragón.
La capa córnea es la capa más externa de la epidermis, tiene una configuración física en capas de células que contienen queratina y una cohesión regular entre ellas mismas. Además de sobrevivir un tiempo determinado en la superficie de la epidermis(capa más externa de la piel), esta capa córnea es además un factor de protección para la piel en forma de película plana y una vez que estas células han perdido su estructura vital, son células muertas que terminan desprendiéndose por medio de la exfoliación ya que debido a que han superado su etapa de maduración toman forma plana y se separan de la capa en forma de escamas.
Marty es el protagonista de la historia. Tiene 11 años. Es un niño optimista al que le gustan los retos y le chiflan las máquinas.Marty es descendiente también del linage de la familia Eon, Charlie el que creía que era su padre no es su verdadero padre sino el administrador del verdadero padre de Marty que lucho hace 10 años en una batalla contra las fuerzas del General para impedir que consiguieran el puño, en esa batalla falleció pero antes encargo a Charlie que cuidase de su hijo y que lo educase como si fuera el suyo.Todo esto se lo explica Gaff a Marty en el capítulo 11 cuando Rhymer secuestra a Ally.
De spons behoort tot het geslacht Haliclona en behoort tot de familie Chalinidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1910 door Kudelin.
De prinses was als erfgename van Polen een goede partij voor de Boheemse koning Wenceslaus II. In 1300 werd ze naar Bohemen gebracht en werd er opgevoed door de tante van Wenceslaus II. In 1303 huwde de toen 17-jarige Richezza met de 32-jarige Wenceslaus II, die naast koning van Bohemen in 1300 ook koning van Polen was geworden. Vervolgens werd Richezza door Hendrik van Würben, de bisschop van Breslau, tot koningin-gemalin van Bohemen gekroond en nam ze voortaan de naam Elisabeth aan. In 1305 baarde Richezza een dochter Agnes. De verwachte zoon, die de Poolse kroon zou erven, kwam er niet meer omdat Wenceslaus II in juni 1305 stierf. Hierdoor werd Richezza op slechts 19-jarige leeftijd al weduwe.
Deliège werd gemeenteraadslid (1938) en burgemeester (1947-1970) van Binche. Hij was ook provincieraadslid van 1946 tot 1958. Hij nam initiatieven voor de heropleving van het carnaval van Binche. Hij stichtte het Internationaal Museum van het Carnaval en de Maskers.
Tussen een kruising in het westen van Bischofswerda waar de B6 aansluit op de B98 een kruising met de B156 in het oosten van de stad Bautzen is de weg Vervangen door de B98, de A4 en de B156.
I Washed My Hands in Muddy Water is een countrylied dat geschreven is door de Amerikaanse countryzanger Joe Babcock (1932). Stonewall Jackson was in 1965 de eerste die het op de plaat zette. De single bereikte de achtste plaats in de Hot Country Singles, de country-hitparade (thans de Hot Country Songs geheten). Daarna is het nummer ook door anderen opgenomen, onder wie Charlie Rich, Johnny Rivers en Elvis Presley.
In 1931 was er veel interesse voor de opkomende luchtvaart onder de Delftse studenten. Een aantal van hen hebben onder leiding van Dick Asjes de Delftsche Studenten Aeroclub opgericht. Onder deze naam werden er lezingen georganiseerd en konden er tegen een voordelig tarief bij de Nederlandse Luchtvaart School vlieglessen gevolgd worden. Doordat er vanuit de DSA daarnaast zeer succesvolle lezingen waren, raakte de Technische Hogeschool van Delft (later TU Delft) ook in de ban van de luchtvaarttechniek. Op die manier is in overleg met de DSA de faculteit Vliegtuigbouw (later Luchtvaart- en Ruimtevaarttechniek) ontstaan.
De meeste applicatieframeworks voor Windows kapselen (ten minste gedeeltelijk) de Windows API in. Vandaar dat zowel het .NET-framework, Java als alle andere programmeertalen in Windows een wrapperbibliotheek hebben of zijn. Windows API Code Pack for Microsoft .NET Framework is een .NET-wrapperbibliotheek voor de Windows API.
Andrew Johnston speelde goed genoeg om aan de leiding te blijven. Op de 2de plaats kreeg Jason Bernes gezelschap van Terry Pilkadaris en Moritz Lampert, die de enige speler was die geen bogey maakte. Maarten Lafeber staat als beste Nederlander op de 9de plaats.
Hij werkte samen met grote namen uit de klassieke Perzische (Iraanse) muziek zoals Mohammad Reza Shajarian en Hossein Alizadeh, met wie hij het ensemble ‘Masters of Persian Music’ vormde. Zijn niet-aflatende zoektocht naar nieuwe vormen van samenwerking bracht hem samen met onder meer de Indiase muzikanten Shujaat Husain Khan (sitar en zang) en Swapan Chadhuri (tabla), de Turkse saz-speler Erdal Erzincan en de Amerikaanse strijkkwartetten Kronos en Brooklyn Rider.
Jordi Gómez kwam in 1996 van UB Catalonia naar FC Barcelona. Vanaf 2005 was hij actief in Barça B. Jordi Gómez speelde twee officiële wedstrijden in het eerste elftal. Op 15 november 2005 debuteerde Jordi Gómez als invaller voor Deco in het duel tegen Gimnàstic de Tarragona in de halve finale van de Copa de Catalunya. Twee maanden later, in januari 2006, kwam de Spanjaard tegen Zamora CF in de achtste finale van de Copa del Rey als vervanger van Thiago Motta in het veld. Na de degradatie van Barça B in 2007 naar de Tercera División vertrok Jordi Gómez naar RCD Espanyol B. In het seizoen 2008-2009 werd Jordi Gómez uitgehuurd aan Swansea City, waar manager Roberto Martínez destijds actief was. Toen Roberto Martínez tekende bij Wigan Athletic, nam hij Jordi Gómez samen met Jason Scottland mee naar zijn nieuwe club.
Dit heeft te maken met het feit dat de verleiding aanwezig is machtsinstrumenten te misbruiken om zodoende voordelen te behalen. Dit kunnen materiële en financiële voordelen zijn, maar ook immateriële voordelen, zoals seksuele gunsten. Ze kunnen al dan niet direct behaald door toepassing van de macht (bijvoorbeeld een dictator die zelf de kiescommissie benoemt die hem prompt met 99.99% van de stemmen tot winnaar van de verkiezingen uitroept) of door anderen tegen betaling of verstrekking van giften met behulp van deze macht voordelen te verschaffen (bijvoorbeeld een onderwijzer die een leerling een goed rapport geeft na een royale gift van diens vader). In dit geval is de machthebber corrupt geworden en worden zijn beslissingen niet meer ingegeven door het algemeen belang maar door het eigen voordeel. Uiteindelijk is dit schadelijk voor de economie en de rechtszekerheid.
Ten westen van de top ligt de Passo di Portella waarover een van de belangrijkste wandelroutes van het gebergte voert. Deze pas vormt de verbinding tussen de hoogvlakte Campo Pericoli en de Vallone della Portella. Iets ten oosten van de top ligt de berghut Rifugio degli Abruzzi die uit 1908 dateert.
Rebordosa is een stad in het noorden van Portugal, gelegen in de Tâmega subregio. De stad ligt ongeveer 20km ten oosten van Porto. Rebordosa heeft een oppervlakte van 11,17 km² en ruim 10.000 inwoners. De stad maakt deel uit van de gemeente Paredes, samen met Paredes, Gandra en Sao Salvador de Lordelo. Rebordosa is gelegen in het centrum van de Portugese meubelindustrie.
Traditiegetrouw werd ook bij deze Olympische Spelen de olympische vlam vanuit Olympia, Griekenland naar Londen overgebracht. De te gebruiken toorts werd op 8 juni 2011 gepresenteerd. Dit was een 80 cm hoge, 800 gram wegende gouden fakkel doorboord met 8000 gaatjes. De 8000 gaatjes symboliseerden de 8000 personen die de toorts van Olympia naar het Olympisch stadion in Londen zullen overbrengen. De toorts werd aangestoken op 10 mei 2012 in Olympia en kwam 8 dagen later in Groot-Brittannië aan in Land's End. Daarvandaan startte een 70 dagen durende route door Groot-Brittannië, die op de dag van de openingsceremonie in Londen eindigde.
Perälä produceert muziek onder het label Rephlex Records. Zijn muziek wordt geschaard onder de elektronische muziek en heeft een experimenteel karakter. Perälä heeft van 1993 tot 1994 gewoond in Michigan als uitwisselingsstudent. Nadat hij stapels demo's naar Rephlex Records had gestuurd, werd hij beloond met een platencontract. Sindsdien is hij bekend van het genre "Intelligent Dance Music".
Na de gemeentelijke herindeling in 1891 nam het aantal inwoners van Neuenheim als nieuw Stadtteil van Heidelberg fors toe. De oude Johanneskerk aan het Marktplein van Neuenheim werd snel te klein. In 1895 werd een uitbreiding van de oude kerk gepland, maar ten slotte besloot men toch tot de nieuwbouw van een grote kerk buiten de oude dorpskern.
Op zaterdag won de viermansbob van het Amerikaanse team voor het eerst sinds 1948 de gouden medaille. De bob werd bemand door Steven Holcomb, Steve Mesler, Curtis Tomasevicz en Justin Olsen. De slalom voor mannen werd gewonnen door de Italiaan Giuliano Razzoli. De Poolse Justyna Kowalczyk won de gouden plak op de 30 kilometer klassieke stijl voor vrouwen. De finale van het mannen curling werd door het Canadese team, bestaande uit Kevin Martin, John Morris, Marc Kennedy, Ben Hebert en Adam Enright, gewonnen. De Canadese snowboarder Jasey-Jay Anderson won de parrallelreuzenslalom. Op het onderdeel ploegenachtervolging werden in Richmond de medailles voor de heren en de dames verdeeld. Bij de mannen kregen de Canadezen Mathieu Giroux, Lucas Makowsky, Denny Morrison de gouden medaille, hoewel de Nederlandse ploeg het snelst was en een nieuw olympisch record reed. De Duitse schaatssters Daniela Anschütz-Thoms, Stephanie Beckert, Anni Friesinger en Katrin Mattscherodt wonnen bij de vrouwen.
Terranova da Sibari telt ongeveer 1879 huishoudens. Het aantal inwoners daalde in de periode 1991-2001 met 1,7% volgens cijfers uit de tienjaarlijkse volkstellingen van ISTAT.
In 1948 overleed Blanche aan suikerziekte in "Villa Kayola" in Cambo-les-Bains. Of ze toen straatarm was, zoals de verhalen willen, is verre van zeker. Ze vond haar laatste rustplaats op het Cimetière du Père-Lachaise in Parijs, samen met haar voormalige man Durrieux, haar broer en haar vroeggestorven kind Philippe.
Het begrip is relatief. Een succesboek uit de Harry Potter-reeks overtreft in aantal een succesboek als Komrijs Nederlandse poëzie, ook wel de Dikke Komrij genoemd.
De stelling is berucht omdat hij zo lastig met meetkundige middelen is te bewijzen, en er vele foute bewijzen zijn gegeven, en beroemd omdat er veel verschillende bewijzen zijn gepubliceerd. Alle bewijzen zijn min of meer indirect en maken op een of andere wijze gebruik van de ordening van reële getallen. Opmerkelijk genoeg geldt de stelling ook niet wanneer in plaats van twee gelijke binnenbissectrices twee gelijke buitenbissectrices worden genomen.
De koningsspil of koning is met uitzondering van de meeste standerdmolens de precies in het midden zittende, eikenhouten of grenen hoofdas in een molen en kan 3 m (zaagmolen) tot 16 m (papiermolen) lang zijn. De spil bestaat uit een boomstam, waarbij deze op de kop gezet is. De koningsspil staat rechtop en heeft bovenaan de bonkelaar of het bovenrondsel, waarmee het door het bovenwiel, dat op de bovenas zit, wordt aangedreven. Onder aan de koningsspil zit bij een korenmolen het spoorwiel dat de steenspillen aandrijft. Bij een oliemolen zit onder aan de koningsspil een onderrondsel en onderbonkelaar. Bij een papiermolen zitten diverse bonkelaars op de koningsspil. Tussen de bonkelaar of het bovenrondsel zit bij bovenkruiers de luitafel of de luibonkelaar, die het luiwerk aandrijft. Bij standerdmolens wordt het varkenswiel van het luiwerk aangedreven door het bovenwiel.
Het klimaat op de eilanden varieert van subtropisch tot tropisch op basis van de grootte van de eilanden. De warmte en de extreem hoge luchtvochtigheid hebben samen met de vruchtbare vulkanische bodem gezorgd voor dichte regenwouden op de eilanden. Er worden twee jaargetijden onderscheiden: het hete jaargetijde dat duurt van november tot maart en het koelere jaargetijde, dat van april tot oktober loopt.
Knut Johannesen nam driemaal deel aan de Olympische Winterspelen (in 1956, 1960 en 1964). Hij werd tweemaal olympisch kampioen, op de Winterspelen van 1960 op de 10.000 meter en op de Winterspelen van 1964 op de 5000 meter.
Stenoma ptychophthalma is een vlinder uit de familie van de sikkelmotten (Oecophoridae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1930 door Meyrick.
Gockinga werd in 1715 gezworene van de stad Groningen en drie jaar later president van het krijgsgericht aldaar. Vanaf 1719 was hij lid van de raad en in 1747 werd hij voor de eerste maal burgemeester van Groningen. In de periode tussen 1718 en 1747 was hij gedurende een reeks van jaren raadsheer, afgewisseld met de functie van gedeputeerde van Groningen. Voorts was hij in 1721 lid van de Admiraliteit te Harlingen. Daarnaast vervulde hij regentenfuncties als scholarch van de Latijnse school, curator van de Hogeschool, bewindvoerder der West-Indische Compagnie en drost van het Oldambt.
Gotra anthracina is een insect dat behoort tot de orde vliesvleugeligen (Hymenoptera) en de familie van de gewone sluipwespen (Ichneumonidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd door Tosquinet in 1903.
Bebelis laetabilis is een keversoort uit de familie van de boktorren (Cerambycidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1903 door Belon.
Het latere Moulins was een plattelandsgebied net ten zuiden van Rijsel, net buiten de stadsmuren en de Porte de Paris. In het gebied kwamen twee belangrijke toegangswegen naar Rijsel samen, de Rue d'Arras en de Rue de Douai. Het was een onderdeel van Wazemmes en lag een kilometer ten oosten van het centrum van de parochie Wazemmes. Vooral hier werden veel windmolens opgericht vanaf de 13de eeuw. In de volgende eeuwen werd er leprozerie gevestigd en de buitenwijk werd zo bekend onder de naam Faubourg des Malades. Later zou men van de Faubourg de Paris spreken. In het begin van de 19de eeuw telde Wazemmes een 50-tal molens, waarvan het grootste deel in het latere Moulins. Het ging vooral om olieslagerijen. Omwille van de vele molens sprak men ook van de Faubourg des Moulins.
Neotridactylus obsoletus is een rechtvleugelig insect uit de familie Tridactylidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van deze soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1976 door Günther.
Hij trouwde op 14 februari 1706 te Groningen met Richardina Ludolphi, dochter van de drost van de beide Oldambten Richard Ludolphi en van Anna Busch. Hij overleed in september 1759 op 75-jarige leeftijd in zijn woonplaats Groningen. Zijn zoon Henrik zou evenals zijn vader raadsheer, gedeputeerde en burgemeester van Groningen worden.
Bij de WK-eindronde van 1990 in Italië deed debutant Costa Rica meteen van zich spreken en dat was met name de verdienste van doelman Luis Gabelo Conejo. Hij ging naar Italië als speler van Club Sport Cartaginés, een bescheiden subtopper in de Costa Ricaanse competitie. Zijn vaderland was ingedeeld in een poule met Brazilië, Zweden en Schotland en leek op voorhand kansloos te zijn.
Wangon is een plaats in het bestuurlijke gebied Banjarnegara in de provincie Midden-Java, Indonesië. Het dorp telt 2578 inwoners (volkstelling 2010).
Op 27 juli 2011 werden de medailles officieel gepresenteerd, een ontwerp van de Brit David Watkins. Het ontwerp op de voorzijde is zoals bij de eerdere medailles het geval was; de Griekse godin van de overwinning, Nikè die uit het Parthenon stapt om in de gaststad te arriveren. Op de achterzijde is onder meer het logo van de Spelen en de Theems te herkennen.
Een succesboek of bestseller (letterlijk uit het Engels: bestverkopende) is een aanduiding voor een boek dat binnen een bepaalde periode uitzonderlijk goed verkoopt. De term bestseller wordt ook wel gebruikt voor andere media, zoals cd's.
De Turken Fatih Baydar en Hasan Akkus werden door het Turks Olympisch Comité teruggetrokken voor deelname aan de Olympische Spelen vanwege een positieve dopingtest.
Een eenvoudige variant van de reguliere expressie is in veel besturingssystemen te vinden als de jokertekens die gebruikt kunnen worden bij het zoeken naar bestandsnamen.
Deze voorzien toegang tot de werking die een toevoeging is aan de kernel. Enkele voorbeelden zijn het Windowsregister, het systeem opstarten of herstarten, een Windows-service starten/stoppen/aanmaken en gebruikersaccounts beheren. Deze functies bevinden zich in het bestand advapi32.dll op een 32 bit-Windows.
De XXIe Olympische Winterspelen werden gehouden in Vancouver van 12 tot en met 28 februari 2010. Enkele onderdelen vonden plaats in het naburige Whistler en Richmond. Op de 115e IOC-zitting in Praag op 2 juli 2003 werd Vancouver verkozen boven Pyeongchang en Salzburg. Het was na de Olympische Zomerspelen 1976 in Montreal en de Olympische Winterspelen 1988 in Calgary, de derde maal dat Canada de Olympische Spelen organiseerde.
Op 23 juni 2013 ontving hij het Gouden Label in Mechelen voor zijn cd uit 2012 met pianowerk van Franz Schubert (waaronder de vier impromptu’s en de pianosonate in A).
Nog tijdens de Spelen werden zeven sporters uit Kameroen vermist. De organisatie vermoedde dat ze asiel wilden aanvragen. Later werd bekend dat ook sporters uit Eritrea, Guinee en Ivoorkust verdwenen waren. Enkelen hebben verklaard dat ze inderdaad in Groot-Brittannië wilden blijven wegens onrust in hun eigen land.
De partij deed mee aan de Italiaanse landelijke verkiezingen op 24 en 25 februari 2013. De MoVimento 5 Stelle zou volgens de peiling van 8 februari 2013 18,8% van de stemmen krijgen.
Let wel, tot ver in de twintigste eeuw werden de begrippen Colf en Kolf in de literatuur door elkaar gebruikt. Het idiomatisch onderscheid was door sporthistorici gecreëerd om in artikelen de bedoelde spelverschillen eenduidig te kunnen aangeven.
Deze lijst van voetbalinterlands is een overzicht van alle officiële voetbalinterlands tussen de nationale teams van Guam en Laos. De landen hebben tot nu toe één keer tegen elkaar gespeeld. Dat was een vriendschappelijke wedstrijd op 16 november 2013 in Vientiane.
In 1941 werd Kiev veroverd door nazi-Duitsland. 33.000 joodse inwoners van de stad werden kort daarop vermoord in het ravijn Babi Jar, dat destijds nog buiten de stadsgrenzen van Kiev lag.
Het wapenarsenaal van een Rangerteam bestaat vaak uit een standaard wapen dat door alle Rangers wordt gedragen (meestal een zwaard/laser combinatie), en een persoonlijk wapen voor elke Ranger. Deze persoonlijke wapens kunnen vaak ook nog combineren tot een superwapen.
Schollaardt werd in 2007, 2008 en 2009 genomineerd voor een Marconi Award voor aanstormend talent. In 2007 won Schollaardt de Radiobitches Award voor aanstormend talent, in 2008 en 2009 voor beste dj/presentatrice. Op 1 december 2011 won Schollaardt, na al tweemaal eerder genomineerd te zijn, de Zilveren radioster voor beste radiopresentatrice tijdens Het RadioGala van het Jaar.
Negeri Lama is een plaats in het bestuurlijke gebied Labuhan Batu in de provincie Noord-Sumatra, Indonesië. Het dorp telt 5687 inwoners (volkstelling 2010).
De Genootschapseilanden zijn een tropische eilandengroep van vulkanische oorsprong. Ze vormen de economisch belangrijkste eilandengroep binnen de archipel van Frans-Polynesië. Ze worden onderverdeeld in twee groepen:
Alloformica aberrans is een mierensoort uit de onderfamilie van de schubmieren (Formicinae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1877 door Mayr.
Philocaenus jinjaensis is een vliesvleugelig insect uit de familie Pteromalidae. De wetenschappelijke naam is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1994 door van Noort.
In oktober 1998 maakten wetenschappers van de University of Michigan bekend dat ze in 53 miljoen jaar oude gesteentelagen in Wyoming de resten, bestaand uit een onderkaak en enkele tanden, van een minuscuul diertje hadden ontdekt. Het nieuwe diertje was nauw verwant aan de spitsmuizen en werd Batodonoides vanhouteni genoemd. Aan de hand van het formaat van de tanden bepaalden de wetenschappers vervolgens het gewicht van Batodonoides.
De series Mighty Morphin Power Rangers t/m Power Rangers: Wild Force zijn ook in Nederland uitgezonden in originele Engelstalige versie. Power Rangers: Ninja Storm werd aanvankelijk ook in Nederland uitgezonden, maar stopte halverwege. Verder is Power Rangers: Operation Overdrive in Nederland uitgezonden in nagesynchroniseerde versie. De overige seizoenen zijn niet vertoond in Nederland. Power Rangers Samurai is vanaf 28 augustus 2012 in nagesynchroniseerde versie te zien op Nickelodeon. In Vlaanderen wordt de reeks Power Rangers R.P.M. vertoond op VTM.
Gornji Grad is een gemeente in Slovenië in de Savinja-vallei en telde bij de volkstelling in 2002 2595 inwoners. Behalve Gornji Grad (eerste vermelding in 1140) behoren ook de plaatsen Nova Štifta en Bočna (eerste vermelding in 1231) tot de gemeente.
Op 24 maart 2007 eindigde ze als tiende bij het SBS 6-programma So You Wanna Be a Popstar. In de sing-off verloor ze van Nelleke van der Krogt. Lourens nam deel aan een pokertelevisieshow bij Veronica. Haar deelname aan het derde seizoen van 71° Noord in 2008 werd vroegtijdig stopgezet na het overlijden van presentator Ernst-Paul Hasselbach en productieassistente Leentje Custers tijdens de opnamen in Noorwegen. Daarnaast heeft ze enkele televisieprogramma's gepresenteerd, onder andere voor RTL 5.
De Growler is door de firma Northrop/Grumman uitgerust met zogenaamde Advanced Airborne Electronic Attack (AAEA) mogelijkheden. Deze bestaan uit een scala van zeer moderne bewapening en geavanceerde sensoren en communicatiesystemen die op het hiervoor gewijzigde airframe van de F/A-18 Super Hornet zijn aangebracht.
Het oudste bewijs voor het gebruik van dit wapen is een reliëf, gemaakt door boeddhistische monniken in China in 1128. In het Westen verschenen ze onder meer bij het beleg van Metz in 1324 en bij de strijd tussen de Engelsen en de Schotten in 1327 op de slagvelden.
De koningsspil is in de lange spruit of in de ijzerbalk gelagerd met een stalen pin (een kroonijzer of een tapijzer) in een zelfsmerend lager met twee neuten van pokhout of in een lager bestaande uit een linkszittende bronzenneut en een rechtszittende pokhoutenneut. Brons kan beter tegen een drukbelasting dan pokhout. Een tapijzer, ook wel boventaats genoemd, kan voorzien zijn van vleugels. Ter versteviging van de koningsspil zit er een ijzeren raamwerk omheen, de knuppelstrop. Tegen het kroon- of tapijzer zit een balkje, de busdeur of poortplaat, waardoor men bij het lager kan komen. Tegen dit balkje zitten één of twee stokken, de poortstokken, die de achterwaartse druk van het bovenwiel overbrengen naar de achter in de kap gelegen penbalk, waar het penlager van de bovenas op ligt. Bij twee poortstokken zit er tussen de stokken een kneveltouwtje om ze op hun plaats te houden.
Naast deze kampioenschappen vinden er elk jaar ook Belgische kampioenschappen op de weg (10 km, halve marathon, hele marathon, berglopen, 100 km, 24u en snelwandelen) en voor het veldlopen plaats. Ook is er een Belgisch kampioenschap voor clubs. Verder zijn er BK's voor masters, beloften (U23), junioren, scholieren en cadetten.
Zanger Christian Älvestam werkte ook mee aan het album Out of the Dark, het tweede album van de Nuclear Blast All-Stars om het twintigjarig bestaan van Nuclear Blast Records te vieren. Älvestam zong voor het nummer "The Overshadowing".
Op de normale schans bij het schansspringen behaalde de Zwitser Simon Ammann de gouden plak door 105 en 108 meter ver te springen. 's Middags (lokale tijd) ging het onderdeel 5000 meter bij het schaatsen van start, alwaar Sven Kramer een olympisch record reed en daarmee ook de gouden medaille op zijn naam kon schrijven. Kramer is de eerste atleet op de Spelen in Vancouver die een olympisch record verbreekt. Later op de middag won de Amerikaanse Hannah Kearney de mogulswedstrijd voor vrouwen. De 7,5 kilometer sprint vrouwen bij het biatlon werd gewonnen door de Slowaakse Anastasiya Koezmina, dit was de eerste Slowaakse gouden medaille op een Olympische Winterspelen. Lee Jung-su won goud op het onderdeel 1500 meter mannen bij het shorttrack.
Capelleveen, Paul van. Het jongetje. (Met een monogram gesneden door Pam G. Rueter). [Deventer], Paul Snijders, [1984. Vouwblad. Met de hand gezet en gedrukt door Paul Snijders in paars en zwart in 52 plus enkele exemplaren.]
De Delftsche Studenten Aeroclub (DSA) is op 30 januari 1931 opgericht en daarmee de oudste nog bestaande aeroclub van Nederland. Het is een open ondervereniging van het Delftsch Studenten Corps wat betekent dat alle studenten bij de DSA kunnen komen vliegen ongeacht het feit of zij lid zijn van het Delftsch Studenten Corps.
Vareilles - Varenne-l'Arconce - Varennes-le-Grand - Varennes-lès-Mâcon - Varenne-Saint-Germain - Varennes-Saint-Sauveur - Varennes-sous-Dun - Vauban - Vaudebarrier - Vaux-en-Pré - Vendenesse-lès-Charolles - Vendenesse-sur-Arroux - Verdun-sur-le-Doubs - Vergisson - Vérissey - Verjux - Verosvres - Vers - Versaugues - Verzé - Le Villars - Villegaudin - Villeneuve-en-Montagne - Vincelles - Vindecy - La Vineuse - Vinzelles - Viré - Virey-le-Grand - Viry - Vitry-lès-Cluny - Vitry-en-Charollais - Vitry-sur-Loire - Volesvres
De mascottes werden op 27 november 2007 geïntroduceerd aan het publiek. Er zijn twee mascottes voor de Olympische Spelen, één voor de Paralympische Spelen en er is één sidekick. Dit zijn:
Op het hoofdeiland Tahiti leeft 50% van de inwoners en bevindt zich de Frans-Polynesische hoofdstad Papeete. De bewoning is geconcentreerd in de kustgebieden en neemt af in de richting van het bergachtige centrum.
De officiële mascotte werd in mei 2010 voor het eerst gepresenteerd. Wenlock is de naam. De mascotte is een soort ruimtewezen met één oog en draagt het embleem van deze Olympische Spelen op de borst. De naam Wenlock komt van de plaats Much Wenlock, in Shropshire. In Much Wenlock kreeg Pierre de Coubertin zijn idee om de Olympische Spelen nieuw leven in te blazen. Uit een filmpje op de site van deze Spelen blijkt dat de mascotte zou zijn ontstaan toen een werknemer van een ijzerverwerking vlak voor zijn pensioen zijn laatste paal van het Olympisch Stadion maakte en van de stukjes ijzer die zijn samengesmolten op de vloer twee poppetjes voor zijn kleinkinderen maakte. Toen de kleinkinderen ermee gingen spelen, werden de poppetjes geraakt door een regenboog, waardoor deze tot leven kwamen en mascottes werden van de Olympische Spelen. Het ene poppetje, Wenlock voor de Olympische Spelen, en Mandeville voor de Paralympische Spelen.
Op de spelwerelden worden steeds nieuwe versies gespeeld. In versie 1.99 werden twee belangrijke functies ingevoerd, namelijk het wereldwonder en de heldenwereld, maar deze zijn alleen beschikbaar op de nieuwe werelden die daarna zijn gestart.
Toen er eind 2003 voor het eerst een inzending voor het songfestival moest worden gekozen, werd besloten om de Albanese liedjeswedstrijd Festivali i këngës, dat al sinds 1962 ieder jaar plaatsvindt, de nationale voorronde te laten worden. Voortaan zou de winnaar van deze show automatisch voor Albanië naar het daaropvolgende Eurovisiesongfestival worden gestuurd. De 17-jarige zangeres Anjeza Shahini was de eerste die deze eer te beurt viel. Met haar nummer Imazhi yt won ze de voorronde overtuigend en mocht haar land zodoende als allereerste gaan vertegenwoordigen in het Turkse Istanboel. Imazhi yt, dat 4:30 minuten duurde, moest daarvoor echter wel ingekort worden en werd bovendien vertaald naar het Engels. De nieuwe titel luidde The image of you. De deelname van Shahini werd een behoorlijk succes. In de halve finale eindigde ze op een 4de plaats met 167 punten, in de grote finale vergaarde ze 137 punten en werd ze 7de. Zo maakte Albanië een sterk debuut op het songfestival en was het bovendien direct geplaatst voor de finale van het Eurovisiesongfestival 2005. Eind 2004 werd Festivali i këngës gewonnen door zangeres Ledina Çelo, die de show een jaar eerder nog gepresenteerd had. Net als haar voorgangster Anjeza Shahini liet zij in de voorbereiding op het songfestival haar lied in het Engels vertalen: Nesher shkoj werd Tomorrow I go. Een evenaring van het succes van Shanini zat er echter niet in: met 53 punten kwam Çelo in Kiev niet verder dan de 16de plek. Albanië zou in 2006 weer in de halve finale moeten starten.
Damerey - Dampierre-en-Bresse - Davayé - Demigny - Dennevy - Dettey - Devrouze - Dezize-lès-Maranges - Diconne - Digoin - Dommartin-lès-Cuiseaux - Dompierre-les-Ormes - Dompierre-sous-Sanvignes - Donzy-le-National - Donzy-le-Pertuis - Dracy-le-Fort - Dracy-lès-Couches - Dracy-Saint-Loup - Dyo
Een andere belangrijke functie vervult de Afdeling bestuursrechtspraak van de Raad van State (ABRvS). De Afdeling bestuursrechtspraak is, naast de Centrale Raad van Beroep (sociale zekerheid) en het College van Beroep voor het bedrijfsleven de hoogste rechter in bestuursrechtelijke geschillen waarop de Algemene wet bestuursrecht (Awb) van toepassing is. Bij geschillen tussen een burger en de centrale overheid kan de Afdeling rechter 'in eerste en enige aanleg' zijn.
Naast de musea zijn er vele kunstenaars en hun ateliers te vinden in de stad. Ook kent de stad een aantal mooie galeries. In de jaren '70 kende Schiedam een bijzonder gunstig cultureel klimaat en ook vandaag de dag leeft de creatieve sector nog met inmiddels ook veel grafisch en ruimtelijke ontwerpers. In 2016 werd nog het nieuwe theatergezelschap De Stokerij opgericht.
Windowsspecifieke compilerondersteuning is ook vereist voor de toepassing Structured Exception Handling (SEH). Dit systeem dient twee doelen: het voorziet een substraat waarop een taalspecifieke exceptionhandling kan worden geïmplementeerd, en dit is de manier waarop de kerneltoepassingen waarschuwt bij optreden van uitzonderlijke toestanden, zoals dereferencing van een ongeldige pointer of stack-overflow. De Microsoft-/Borland-C++-compilers hadden de mogelijkheid dit systeem te gebruiken vanaf het ogenblik dat dit werd geïntroduceerd in Windows 95 en NT. De implementatie was echter niet gedocumenteerd en moest dus voor het wineproject en gratis compilers via reverse engineering achterhaald worden. SEH is gebaseerd op het duwen van exception-handlerframes op een stack, en deze dan toe te voegen aan een gelinkte lijst die opgeslagen is in de thread-local-storage (het eerste veld van de thread-environmentblok). Wanneer er zich een uitzondering voordoet, dan gaan de kernel en de basisbibliotheken de stack af op zoek naar handlers en filters en voeren deze uit waar ze zich voordoen. Uiteindelijk zal elke uitzondering die niet behandeld wordt door de toepassing zelf, opgevangen worden door de standaard backstop die de common-crashdialoog van de toepassing weergeeft.
Lehaucourt is een gemeente in het Franse departement Aisne (regio Hauts-de-France) en telt 832 inwoners (1999). De plaats maakt deel uit van het arrondissement Saint-Quentin.
De ovale medaille is van zilver en stelt Florence Nightingale voor als "De dame met de lamp" tijdens de Krimoorlog. Het Kruis van Genève en de lauwerkrans op het lint zijn van verguld zilver en email in de kleuren rood en groen.
Voorziet de werking om vensters te maken en beheren en de meeste basisbewerkingen zoals knoppen, schuifbalken, muis- en toetsenbordinvoer ontvangen, en andere werkingen die te maken hebben met het GUI-deel van Windows. Deze functies bevindt zich in user.exe op een 16 bit-Windows versie, en in user32.dll op een 32 bit-Windows. Sinds Windows XP bevinden de basisbewerkingen zich in comctl32.dll, samen met de common controls (Common Control Library).
Archibracon fenestralis is een insect dat behoort tot de orde vliesvleugeligen (Hymenoptera) en de familie van de schildwespen (Braconidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd door Szepligeti in 1911.
In Nederland was de eerste Zombie Walk op 14 april 2007 in Amsterdam, als opwarmer van het Amsterdam Fantastic Film Festival. Ondertussen zijn er meerdere terugkerende zombiewalks in Nederland.
De B6 begint weer in bet oosten van Bremen waar zij in Aansluiting Bremen-Überseestadt afsplitst van de A27. De weg loopt ten zuiden van het centrum van Bremen langs en sluit bij Aansluiting Bremen-Neustadt in een trompetknooppunt aan op de A281 de stadssnelweg van Bremen.
Iain Menzies Banks (Dunfermline, Schotland, 16 februari 1954 – 9 juni 2013) was een Schotse schrijver. Onder de naam Iain Banks schreef hij literaire romans, als Iain M. Banks schreef hij sciencefiction.
Het dier behoort tot het geslacht Calilena. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1936 door Willis J. Gertsch.
Schollaardt vertrok na haar studie pedagogiek naar Curaçao. Aanvankelijk voor enkele weken, maar uiteindelijk bleef ze er vijf jaar. In deze periode kwam ze via diverse andere baantjes terecht bij het radiostation Dolfijn FM. Enige tijd daarna kon ze aan de slag bij TROS Paradise met een middagprogramma op de radio.
Kostarowce is een plaats in het Poolse district Sanocki, woiwodschap Subkarpaten. De plaats maakt deel uit van de gemeente Sanok en telt 720 inwoners.
Ook opmerkelijk zijn sommige aanbiedingen van Borland. De Object Windows-library (OWL) werd uitgebracht als een concurrerend product van MFC en bood een gelijkaardige objectgeoriënteerde wrapper. Borland moest later plaatsmaken voor de Visual Component-library (VCL), die geschreven is in Object Pascal en zowel in de Delphi als C++ Builder beschikbaar is.
Microsoft benadrukt er op om software achterwaarts compatibel te maken en houden. Om dit te bereiken gaat Microsoft soms zo ver dat ze software ondersteunen die de API in een ongedocumenteerde of zelfs (voor de programmeur) illegale manier. Raymond Chen, een ontwikkelaar bij Microsoft die aan de Windows API werkt, heeft het volgende gezegd: "Ik zou waarschijnlijk voor maanden over enkel en alleen toepassingen die foute dingen doen en wat we hebben moeten doen om hen terug werkende te krijgen, kunnen schrijven (vaak ondanks zichzelf). Dit is waarom ik zeer kwaad word wanneer mensen Microsoft ervan beschuldigen met kwaad opzet toepassingen te beschadigen tijdens besturingssysteem-upgrades. Als er ook maar één toepassing niet meer werkte op Windows 95, nam ik dit op als een persoonlijk falen."
Bij de volkstelling in 2000 werd het aantal inwoners vastgesteld op 49. In 2006 is het aantal inwoners door het United States Census Bureau geschat op 104, een stijging van 55 (112,2%).
Entomobora vomeriventris is een vliesvleugelig insect uit de familie van de spinnendoders (Pompilidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1881 door Costa.
Hij werd propagandist voor de Belgische Werkliedenpartij (BWP), bij de Belgische arbeiders in Noord-Frankrijk. Hij hielp er verschillende vakbonden oprichten. In Ronse werd hij nog voor de Eerste Wereldoorlog bestuurslid van de Socialistische Jonge Wacht en afgevaardigd bestuurder van de coöperatie SM De Verbroedering. Hij was ook redacteur van het gelijknamige blad, een socialistisch orgaan voor het arrondissement Oudenaarde.
Snijders, Paul, 'De legenden van de Roze Lust. Het Haagse Zedenschandaal van 1920', in: Arabesken. Tijdschrift van het Louis Couperus Genootschap 11 (2003) 22 (november), p. 17-26.
Het interieur wordt gedekt door tongewelven en een koepel. De preekstoel (1786) en het door J.S. Strümphler gebouwde orgel (1786) zijn beide afkomstig uit de doopsgezinde kerk De Zon in Amsterdam. De gebrandschilderde glazen aan weerszijden van de preekstoel zijn in 1954 vervaardigd door Joep Nicolas.
Agrotis incognita is een vlinder uit de familie uilen (Noctuidae). De wetenschappelijke naam is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1888 door Otto Staudinger.
Coret, Peter, Quintijn voor Harry G.M. Prick. [Deventer, Paul Snijders, 1983. Vouwblad. Met de hand gezet en gedrukt door Paul Snijders in een oplage van 25 exemplaren.]
La Racineuse - Rancy - Ratenelle - Ratte - Reclesne - Remigny - Rigny-sur-Arroux - La Roche-Vineuse - Romanèche-Thorins - Romenay - Rosey - Le Rousset - Roussillon-en-Morvan - Royer - Rully
Power Rangers is gebaseerd op de Japanse Super Sentai-series. Echter: de serie is geen nasynchronisatie van Super Sentai maar een compleet nieuwe productie met Amerikaanse acteurs in de hoofdrollen, afgewisseld met beeldmateriaal uit de Sentai-series. Ook wordt het verhaal vaak wat aangepast om meer aan te sluiten bij een westers publiek. Veel van het speelgoed, vooral de zords (enorme robots), wordt vaak rechtstreeks overgenomen uit Japan en wordt geproduceerd door Bandai.
Het dier behoort tot het geslacht Scytodes. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 2006 door Rheims & Antonio D. Brescovit.
SV Kickers '69 is een Nederlandse amateurvoetbalclub uit Leimuiden in Zuid-Holland, opgericht in 1969. Het eerste elftal van de club speelt in de Derde klasse zondag (2017/18).
Pravastatine is een cholesterolsyntheseremmer uit de groep van de statines. Het is een specifieke competitieve remmer van HMG-CoA-reductase, een enzym dat een essentiële rol speelt bij de biosynthese van cholesterol. Remming van deze synthese heeft onder andere toename van het aantal LDL-receptoren in de lever tot gevolg. Dit resulteert in verlaging van de LDL-cholesterolplasmaspiegel. Het verlaagt daarnaast het VLDL-cholesterol en de triglyceriden en verhoogt enigszins het HDL-cholesterol en apolipoproteïne A in het plasma. Werking: binnen een week, maximaal na vier weken.
Lophoptera africana is een vlinder uit de familie uilen (Noctuidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van deze soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1974 door Berio.
Ingres voldoet aan de ACID-regels, zodat de database niet verstrikt kan raken in een situatie waarbij meerdere transacties tegelijk willen schrijven op een enkel tupel.
Encyrtocephalus io is een vliesvleugelig insect uit de familie Pteromalidae. De wetenschappelijke naam is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1931 door Girault.
Bij de verkiezingen van 2016 werd Villanueva voor een termijn van zes jaar gekozen in de Senaat van de Filipijnen. Hij eindigde op de tweede plaats en won zo een van de twaalf beschikbare zetels. Enkele maanden na zijn aantreden als senator beval de Filipijnse ombudsman Conchita Carpio-Morales dat Villanueva uit zijn functie moest werd gezet, vanwege vermeend misbruik van 10 miljoen peso overheidsgeld. Villanueva zelf ontkende het misbruik. Op 5 december 2016 stemden zijn collega-senatoren echter voor zijn aanblijven, met als reden dat de ombudsman geen zeggenschap had over gekozen leden van de Senaat.
Drs. P., Meconium Blues. (Met een handgekleurde illustratie door John Stuivenberg). Amsterdam, Phoenix Productions, [1985. Ingenaaid met stofomslag. (16) p. Met de hand gezet en gedrukt door Paul Snijders in een oplage van 50 genummerde en door de auteur gesigneerde exemplaren.]
Enispa flavitincta is een vlinder uit de familie spinneruilen (Erebidae). De wetenschappelijke naam is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1914 door Hampson.
De Hongaarse discuswerper Zoltán Kővágó is uitgesloten van de Spelen, na het weigeren van een dopingtest. Het weigeren van een dopingtest staat gelijk aan een positieve test. Kővágó won voor Hongarije bij de Olympische Zomerspelen in Athene nog de zilveren medaille.
Snijders, Paul, 'Schouten, Hubertus Johannes', in: Robert Aldrich en Garry Wotherspoon (redactie), Who's Who in Gay & Lesbian History. London/ New York, 2001.
Oryzias setnai is een straalvinnige vissensoort uit de familie van de schoffeltandkarpers (Adrianichthyidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1940 door Kulkarni.
Op 8 september 2017 begon het vijfde seizoen. Bent Van Looy vertrok na twee seizoenen als coach. Zijn opvolger was Alex Callier, die na twee seizoenen afwezigheid terugkeerde in de show. Sean Dhondt keerde terug als backstagepresentator tijdens de liveshows. De finale werd uitgezonden op 22 december 2017. De winnares kwam uit het team van Alex Callier: Luka Cruysberghs.
James Maurice Gavin (Brooklyn, 22 maart 1907 – Baltimore, 23 februari 1990) was een Amerikaans militair. Hij was de jongste generaal van het Amerikaanse leger tijdens de Tweede Wereldoorlog en commandant van de 82ste Airborne Divisie.
De Amerikaanse judoka Nicholas Delpopolo werd gediskwalificeerd voor een inbreuk op de antidopingregels. Direct na zijn deelname op 30 juli aan de judoproef in de categorie tot 73 kg heeft hij een controle ondergaan. De analyse van zijn urinestaal wees de aanwezigheid uit van 11-nor-delta-9-carboxy-thc. Deze verboden substantie is het actieve bestanddeel in cannabis.
Notanisomorphella borborica is een vliesvleugelig insect uit de familie Eulophidae. De wetenschappelijke naam is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1903 door Giard.
Thoracophelia longiseta is een borstelworm uit de familie Opheliidae. Het lichaam van de worm bestaat uit een kop, een cilindrisch, gesegmenteerd lichaam en een staartstukje. De kop bestaat uit een prostomium (gedeelte voor de mondopening) en een peristomium (gedeelte rond de mond) en draagt gepaarde aanhangsels (palpen, antennen en cirri).
Atkins overleed in april 2003 op 72-jarige leeftijd. Hij kwam ten val op de stoep en raakte in coma. Doordat de hersenstam in de verdrukking was gekomen door de val, werd een aantal lichaamsfuncties ontregeld. Dat uitte zich in het vasthouden van vocht. Bovendien liep hij een virusinfectie op. Hierdoor woog hij bij zijn overlijden bijna 30 kg meer dan ten tijde van zijn ziekenhuisopname.
Hij werkte ook mee aan boekenveilingverslagen voor het tijdschrift De Boekenwereld en deed daarnaast onderzoek naar de geschiedenis van het homoseksuele leven in Nederland, waarover hij enige artikelen schreef.
De Bullewijk is een riviertje van ongeveer 3 km lang in de gemeente Ouder-Amstel in de Nederlandse provincie Noord-Holland. Het stroomt tussen de Voetangelbrug waar de Holendrecht zich splitst in de de Waver en de Bullewijk, waarna het riviertje ten oosten van de Bullewijker en Holendrechter polder loopt en de A9 kruist. Bij binnenkomst in Ouderkerk aan de Amstel ligt de Benningbrug en in het centrum van het dorp na de Kerkbrug stroomt het in de Amstel.
In de voormalige Korenbeurs naast de Dam is tegenwoordig de eerste groene bibliotheek van Nederland gevestigd. In het Wennekerpand, een voormalig distilleerderij, zijn diverse culturele instellingen ondergebracht. Onder meer het filmhuis Wenneker Cinema en de kleine zaal van het Theater aan de Schie waarvan de hoofdlocatie aan het Stadserf te vinden is. Naast haar musea en culturele centra kent Schiedam een groeiend aantal terugkerende evenementen en festivals, waarvan de bekendste zijn:
In 2012 mocht de band de InHolland Popprijs in ontvangst nemen. De band werd tevens op 31 maart 2013 uitgeroepen tot 3FM Serious Talent. Tot op heden heeft de band drie singles en een album uitgebracht. De muziekvideo's van de eerste twee singles verschenen op de website van Coldplay.
Na de oorlog werd zijn huwelijk met Irma Baulsir ontbonden. In juli 1948 hertrouwde hij met Jean Emert Duncan uit Knoxville, Tennessee, en adopteerde Caroline, dochter uit haar eerdere huwelijk. Samen kregen ze nog drie dochters, Patricia Cincotta, Marjorie Aileen Lewis en Chloe Beatty. Hij had een huis in Barnstable, Massachusetts en in Winter Park, Florida.
Typosyllis (Typosyllis) patriciae is een borstelworm uit de familie Syllidae. Het lichaam van de worm bestaat uit een kop, een cilindrisch, gesegmenteerd lichaam en een staartstukje. De kop bestaat uit een prostomium (gedeelte voor de mondopening) en een peristomium (gedeelte rond de mond) en draagt gepaarde aanhangsels (palpen, antennen en cirri).
Uschakovia gorbunovi is een mosdiertjessoort uit de familie van de Bugulidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1946 door Kluge.
Tijdens zijn deelnames aan de Europese- en Wereldkampioenschappen, waar hij aan beide kampioenschappen tien keer aan deelnam, behaalde hij op beide kampioenschappen twee allround titels. Op het WK van 1957 behaalde hij zijn eerste titel, de drie andere titels volgden op de EK's van 1959 en 1960 en het WK van 1964. Hij werd in 1955 en van 1957 tot en 1963 Nationaal kampioen Allround. In 1956 en 1964 pakte hij het zilver.
Naast de Nederlandse versie zijn er nog 22 taalversies van dit spel. Naast de Duitse taalversie zijn de Engelse, Poolse en Franse taalversies met de meeste virtuele werelden vertegenwoordigd.
Niemand kan Jie Zitui en zijn moeder vinden en er wordt besloten de bergen in brand te steken aan drie zijden. Jie Zitui moet dan aan de niet brandende zijde tevoorschijn komen, maar dit plan lukt niet. Jie Zitui is gestorven en leunt met zijn oude moeder op de rug tegen een geblakerde grote wilg. Chong'er maakt een buiging voor het lijk en begint te huilen. Het lijk wordt weggehaald en men ontdekt een gat in de holle wilg. Het is een stuk van de mantel van Jie en er staat een tekst op geschreven. Er staat op geschreven dat Jie zich in zijn graf niet hoeft te schamen, als het bestuur klaar en helder blijft. Chong'er vouwt de lap op en stopt het in zijn mouw. Er worden twee graven gegraven en Jie Zitui en zijn moeder worden begraven onder de grote wilg. Er wordt een verbod ingesteld om op deze dag vuur te maken en er moet koud voedsel genuttigd worden. Op het Koud Eten-feest van het volgende jaar gaat Chong'er met al zijn ambtenaren naar de voet van de berg en eten koud eten. De volgende dag gat hij in wit gekleed, het teken van rouw, naar de voet van de berg om te offeren. De dode wilg is weer uitgelopen en Chong'er breekt een twijg af en maakt hiervan een kroon. Hij zet de kroon op zijn hoofd en de ambtenaren volgen zijn voorbeeld. De graven worden gereinigd en de boom krijgt de naam Klare en Heldere Wilg. Het Klaar en Helder-feest wordt ingesteld en Jie Zitui bewaart de met bloed beschreven lap goed in zijn mouw. Het land wordt oed bestuurd en hij wordt een van de Vijf Hegemonen, de beroemde Hertog Wen van Jin.
De naam is afkomstig van de Britse ontdekkingsreiziger William Baffin. Het eiland was ook bekend bij de Noren als Helluland. De hoofdstad van Nunavut, Iqaluit, vroeger Frobisherbaai, ligt in het zuidoosten van Baffineiland. Het eiland heeft een arctisch klimaat. De winters zijn extreem koud en daarom is er ook geen waterleiding op het eiland, omdat die te snel zou bevriezen.
Bij een AMvB luidt het dictum overeenkomstig maar dan uiteraard zonder een passage over de Tweede Kamer der Staten-Generaal maar over besluitvorming door de regering.
Zwart: een wat minder gebruikte kleur. Meestal wisselen zwart en groen elkaar om het seizoen af. Een zwarte ranger is altijd een man. De kleur zwart kan zowel voor een Ranger uit het hoofdteam, als voor een speciale Ranger die later bij het team komt worden gebruikt.
De variëteit van termen is voornamelijk het resultaat van groeperen van softwaremechanismen die te maken hebben met een specifiek aspect van softwareontwikkeling. Automatisering in het bijzonder heeft te maken met de werking van een toepassing of component (als API) te exporteren zodat het door een andere toepassing of een menselijke gebruiker kan gebruikt worden.
In Gornji Grad ligt een van de grootste kerken van het land, namelijk de tussen 1757 en 1763 gebouwde barokke kathedraal van HH. Hermagoras en Fortunatus. De kerk gaat terug tot 1140, toen de benedictijnen hier het een klooster stichtten. Eerst in de 18e eeuw werden de oorspronkelijke kerk en kloostergebouwen gesloopt en vervangen door de huidige gebouwen. Nova Štifta bezit een Franciscaans klooster en een 17e-eeuwse kerk van Maria-Tenhemelopneming.
Na het gymnasium volgde hij een opleiding tot onderwijzer waarop hij vanaf 1952 als zodanig les gaf in zijn geboorteplaats Achthuizen en Eindhoven. Nadat hij in 1957 de acte MO geschiedenis had gehaald werd hij geschiedenisleraar op het Mgr. Zwijsen College in Veghel waar hij van 1964 tot 1979 ook conrector was. Daarnaast was hij vanaf 1966 ook gemeenteraadslid in Veghel waar hij ook wethouder is geweest. In 1979 werd Schwiebbe benoemd tot burgemeester van de gemeenten Geffen en Nuland wat hij tot 1990 zou blijven. In 1998 overleed hij op 70-jarige leeftijd in het Groot Ziekengasthuis in Den Bosch.
Gelechia desiliens is een vlinder uit de familie van de tastermotten (Gelechiidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1923 door Meyrick.
Op 86 onderdelen worden medailles uitgereikt. Het IOC stelt officieel geen medailleklassement op, maar geeft desondanks een medailletabel ter informatie. In het klassement wordt eerst gekeken naar het aantal gouden medailles, vervolgens de zilveren medailles en tot slot de bronzen medailles.
Microsoft heeft verschillende wrappers ontwikkeld die sommige lagelevelfuncties van de Windows API overnamen en zo toepassingen toeliet op een abstractere manier te communiceren met de API. De Microsoft Foundation Class-bibliotheek (MFC) kapselt de Windows API-werking in in C++-klassen, en laat zo een meer objectgeoriënteerde manier van communiceren met de API toe. De Active Template bibliotheek (ATL) is een templategeoriënteerde wrapper voor COM. De Windows Template-library (WTL) was ontwikkeld als een extensie voor ATL, en was bedoeld als een lichter alternatief voor MFC.
General Gavin droeg tijdens gevechten een M1 Garand geweer, in plaats van de M1 Carbine of M1911 die meestal door officieren werden gedragen.
Acleros nigrapex is een vlinder uit de familie van de dikkopjes (Hesperiidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1912 door Strand.
Hoewel Microsofts implementatie van de Windows API gepatenteerd is, wordt het algemeen aanvaard in de Verenigde Staten dat andere verkopers Windows emuleren door een identieke API te voorzien zonder het patent te schaden.
Na deze teloorgang werd de Tweede Kruistocht uitgeroepen die pas in 1148 aankwam in het heilige land. Het oorspronkelijk plan was om Edessa weer terug te veroveren, maar het uiteindelijke doel werd Damascus, De kruisvaart werd een fiasco en na nog geen vier dagen van Beleg werd de kruisvaart afgelast.
Spelers kunnen zich verenigen in allianties om zich te beschermen tegen vijandelijke aanvallen van andere spelers, elkaar te ondersteunen met grondstoffen en troepen en om de samenwerking en interactie met andere spelers te bevorderen. Er kunnen bondgenootschappen, oorlogsverklaringen en NAPs (Niet-aanvalspacten) met andere allianties worden gesloten.
Om de mogelijke spanning tussen beide rollen van de Raad van State op te heffen is regelmatig gesuggereerd om deze instantie op te splitsen in twee delen. Op 26 juni 2014 bracht het kabinet een voorstel naar buiten tot aanvullende maatregelen met betrekking tot het functioneel scheiden van de adviserende en de rechtsprekende taken van de Raad van State, en overheveling van de rechtsmacht van de Centrale Raad van Beroep naar de gewone rechterlijke macht en de rechtsmacht van het College van Beroep voor het bedrijfsleven naar de Afdeling bestuursrechtspraak van de Raad van State. Er zijn onderling sterk uiteenlopende adviezen uitgebracht, die de regering nog bestudeert.
Moulins-Lille of Moulins is een plaats in het Franse Noorderdepartement en een wijk van de stad Rijsel. Moulins-Lille was een zelfstandig gemeente tot 1858, toen het bij Rijsel werd aangehecht. Onder de naam Moulins is het tegenwoordig een wijk in het zuiden van de stadskern.
Rangers opereren meestal in teams van 5, waar later in de serie een zesde teamlid bij komt. Andere variaties zijn een kernteam van 3 waar later meerdere extra Rangers bij komen. Sinds Power Rangers: Zeo hebben de rangers die pas later in het team komen andere morphers dan de rangers die in het hoofdteam zitten, en een eigen transformatie-filmpje als ze transformeren in een ranger. De extra nieuwe Rangers die pas later in het seizoen rangers worden zijn vrijwel altijd mannelijk. De twee keren dat een vrouw een nieuwe ranger werd na aflevering 1 waren, Kat, die de Pink Ranger werd in seizoen 13 en Gemma die in seizoen 17 de Silver Ranger werd.
De B6 begint weer op een kruising met de B156 en loopt in zuidoostelijke richting via een rondweg langs de stad Löbau waar de ze B178 kruist, met een afrit, passeert Reichenbach met een rondweg en bereikt ze de grensstad Görlitz waar de B6 aan de noordkant passeert en in Aansluiting Görlitz aansluit op de A4.
Blanche Zélie Joséphine Delacroix, barones de Vaughan (Boekarest, 13 mei 1883 - Cambo-les-Bains, 12 februari 1948) was de minnares van koning Leopold II van België.
Thosea sericea is een vlinder uit de familie van de slakrupsvlinders (Limacodidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1881 door Butler.
Van 1909 tot 1911 volgde hij een opleiding aan de Koninklijke Academie voor Schone Kunsten in Antwerpen, hij was een leerling van onder anderen Jan Toorop en Juliaan de Vriendt.
Centropyxiella gibbulina is een soort in de taxonomische indeling van de Amoebozoa. Deze micro-organismen hebben geen vaste vorm en hebben schijnvoetjes. Met deze schijnvoetjes kunnen ze voortbewegen en zich voeden. Het organisme komt uit het geslacht Centropyxiella en behoort tot de familie Centropyxidae. Centropyxiella gibbulina werd in 1980 ontdekt door Chardez & Thomas.
Stevens, Wallace. (Liebentrau (vert.), H.G.) Adagia. [Deventer, (Paul Snijders, 1986. Vouwblad in omslag. Met de hand gezet en gedrukt door Paul Snijders in blauw, geel en zwart in een oplage van 27 exemplaren.]
The Damascus Chronicle of the Crusaders, extracted and translated from the Chronicle of Ibn al-Qalanisi. Uitgegeven en in het Engels vertaald door H.A.R. Gibb. London, 1932.
Begin 2005 ketste een order van de Nederlandse Staat voor politiehelikopters bij Helifly/MD Helicopters van Van den Nieuwenhuyzen af, omdat deze niet op tijd geleverd konden worden.
Na de dood van de koning moest Delacroix Brussel meteen verlaten, maar niet zonder een fortuin aan geld, waardepapieren en juwelen mee te nemen. De koning was vervreemd van zijn drie dochters en had haar zoveel mogelijk begunstigd. Om de wettelijke beperkingen te omzeilen, had hij een trust opgezet. Deze werd succesvol aangevochten door zijn dochters en de Belgische regering. Ook de onroerende eigendommen op naam van Caroline werden in beslag genomen.
In Westerlo is een deelvestiging van de Stedelijke Academie voor Woord, Muziek en Dans van Geel. De ring is een onderdeel van de as Turnhout-Aarschot/Leuven en dan ook druk bereden. Ook het gemeentehuis van de gemeente Westerlo bevindt zich daar, (Kasteel Jeanne De Merode) en de gemeentelijke bibliotheek, sporthal De Beeltjens (genoemd naar het bos De Beeltjens) en het Kuipke, het stadion van de eersteklasservoetbalploeg van Westerlo.
Sagitta [= John Henry Mackay ]. Da ging auch er auf die Strassen... (Met een originele aquatint door Paul Snijders). Deventer, Paul Snijders, 1982. [Ingenaaid in een omslag van aan beide zijden in aquatint bedrukt papier en met een schutblad van eveneens in aquatint gedecoreerd Japans papier. (8) p. Met de hand gezet en gedrukt door Paul Snijders op zwaar papier in een oplage van 35 genummerde exemplaren.]
Atkins hield toezicht op een team van mensen die aan meerdere boekprojecten werkten, inclusief een nieuw boek waarin naar voren wordt gebracht hoe de Atkins-voedingsmethode van belang zou zijn bij het indammen van diabetes. Vanwege zijn overtuiging dat obesitas (overgewicht) en diabetes samen één epidemie zijn, was Atkins van plan om in de volgende jaren een groot deel van zijn tijd te besteden aan het uitdagen van de conventionele kennis over diabetespreventie en -verzorging, zoals hij dat ook voor obesitas had gedaan. Dit nieuwe boek, is op verzoek van zijn weduwe Veronica, voltooid en postuum verschenen onder de titel Atkins Diabetes Revolution.
Een van de grootste veranderingen die de Windows API onderging, was de overgang van Win16 (te vinden in Windows 3.1 en ouder) naar Win32 (Windows NT, Windows 95 en hoger). Terwijl Win32 oorspronkelijk geïntroduceerd werden met Windows NT 3.1 en Win32s het gebruik van de Win32-subset al toeliet voor Windows 95, was het pas vanaf Windows 95 dat vele applicaties begonnen overgezet te worden naar Win32. Om de overgang te vergemakkelijken, werd er in Windows 95, zowel voor de externe ontwikkelaars als voor Microsoft, een complex schema van zogenaamde 'API thunks' gebruikt, die het mogelijk maakten voor 32 bitcode om 16 bitcode aan te roepen en (in enkele gevallen) vice versa. Zogenaamde 'flat thunks' lieten 32 bitcode toe om 16 bitlibraries aan te roepen, en het schema werd intensief gebruikt binnen Windows 95 om te vermijden dat het hele besturingssysteem in een keer naar Win32 zou moeten overgezet worden. In Windows NT was het besturingssysteem enkel 32 bit (behalve de delen voor compatibiliteit met 16 bittoepassingen), en enkel 'generic thunks' waren beschikbaar voor de thunk van Win16 naar Win32, alsook voor Windows 95. De Platform SDK bevatte een compiler die de nodige code kon produceren voor deze thunks.
Een Power Ranger is een individu die kan transformeren in een superheld met behulp van een apparaat genaamd een "morpher" (letterlijk te vertalen als "omvormer"). Deze held draagt altijd een kostuum in een specifieke kleur. Dit kostuum is gemaakt van spandex, en altijd voorzien van een helm die het gehele gezicht bedekt. De kostuums verschijnen en verdwijnen altijd spontaan als de Ranger transformeert of detransformeert. Een transformatie kan ook ongedaan worden gemaakt door een sterke fysieke aanval. Op de kleurverschillen en soms de bouw van de helm na zijn de kostuums van alle Rangers in een team identiek.
Bego van Toulouse (ca. 765 - 28 oktober 816), ook Bego van Parijs, was een zoon van graaf Gerard I van Parijs en van Rotrude, mogelijk een kleindochter van Karel Martel. Hij was een vooraanstaande vazal van Lodewijk de Vrome.
Een installatie kan gezien worden als een verzameling van serverprocessen, gedeeld geheugen en semaforen om te communiceren tussen processen. Je kan deze ook bekijken als een verzameling gegevens op een harde schijf die gebruikt kan worden om de server te verhuizen, of, in geval van nood, om de server opnieuw op te kunnen starten.
De politiek van prioriteit geven aan lucratieve handel met de Russen zou na de dood van Khara Khula worden voortgezet door zijn zoon en opvolger Erdeni Batur.
Kristine Aas geborgen Colban (Bø i Vesterålen, 1 maart 1791 – Christiania, 17 december 1838 was een Noors kunstenares en oprichtster van liefdadigheidsinstellingen. Ze staat elders bekend als Stine Aas.
In 1614 en 1615 keerden echter de kansen weer voor Khara Khula. In 1613 werd Michaël I (1596-1645) tot eerste tsaar van het Huis Romanov gekroond. Er kon weer aandacht aan de situatie in Siberië besteed worden. Het gevolg was dat in 1614 Russische kozakken de Oirats weer naar het zuiden wisten te dwingen. Er was een extreem koude winter met catastrofale gevolgen voor de veestapel van de Oirats. In 1615 boekte de Altyn Khan weer een grote overwinning op troepen van Khara Khula. Het resultaat hiervan was,dat sommige Oirat-groepen zich opnieuw onder de bescherming van de tsaar wensten te stellen en ook enkele die van de Altyn Khan zochten.
Acht maanden na het overlijden van Leopold, in 1910, trouwde Blanche met haar vroegere minnaar Antoine Durrieux, waarna de twee kinderen door hem werden erkend en zijn familienaam aannamen. Al in 1912 werd de scheiding uitgesproken. Blanche was nog rijk genoeg om het hoederecht over haar kinderen veilig te stellen door Durrieux een miljoen frank toe te schuiven.
Enige tijd later biecht hij Frankie op dat hij in feite haar halfbroer is, waarop zij hem wegstuurt. Ook blijkt dat Sams moeder afwist van het tweede gezin dat haar man eropna hield. Op een bepaald moment stelde ze hem voor de keuze en hij koos voor haar. Intussen heeft Sam wel het belang van familie ingezien en is van plan in Los Angeles te blijven. Als hij het weer goed wil maken met Frankie blijkt dat ze ontslag heeft genomen en verhuisd is. Josh laat hem echter een bericht na met hun nieuwe adres. Hij zoekt haar op en toont haar een oud filmpje dat hij net van zijn moeder kreeg. Te zien is dat Sams vader hem naar het park bracht op hetzelfde moment dat Frankie daar was met haar moeder, en hoe de twee daar als kind samen hebben gespeeld. Daarmee is duidelijk dat die zijn beide kinderen graag zag en aanvaardt Frankie eindelijk dat ze een broer heeft.
Puyo startte hierna niet meer in kampioenschappen tot 2007, toen hij overstapte naar de touring cars in de Spaanse Seat Leon Supercopa, waar hij als tiende in het kampioenschap eindigde. In 2008 stapte hij over naar de nieuwe Seat Leon Eurocup, waarbij hij achtste in het kampioenschap werd. In 2009 bleef hij in de Eurocup rijden en was de topscorer in het raceweekend op het Automotodrom Brno, waardoor hij in het daaropvolgende weekend op het Circuito da Boavista zijn debuut mocht maken in het World Touring Car Championship voor het team SUNRED Engineering. Hij eindigde de races als zestiende en veertiende, waardoor hij puntloos bleef. Hij eindigde uiteindelijk achter Norbert Michelisz, Massimiliano Pedalà, Fredy Barth en Tim Coronel als vijfde in de Eurocup. In 2010 nam hij deel aan vier van de zes raceweekenden in de Eurocup, waar hij met twee podiumplaatsen tiende werd.
Hij werd bekend door zijn columns in Humo en schreef later ook voor MaoMagazine, Deng, De Morgen en De Standaard. Verder was hij te zien in tv-programma's als De rechtvaardige rechters, Blinde Vinken en De Mannen van de Macht.
Athyreus larseni is een keversoort uit de familie echte mestkevers (Geotrupidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 2002 door Howden.
Microsciurus santanderensis is een zoogdier uit de familie van de eekhoorns (Sciuridae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd door Hernandez-Camacho in 1957.
Grimshaw had in zijn tijd commercieel gezien veel succes met zijn schilderwerk, kocht in de jaren zeventig een grote villa in Leeds en kon zich een tweede huis in Londen veroorloven. Hij kreeg vijftien kinderen van wie er zes een volwassen leeftijd bereikten. Twee zonen, Arthur en Louis, werden eveneens kunstschilder. Grimshaw overleed in 1893 aan kanker.
Tijdens de Eerste Wereldoorlog, in de nacht van 10 op 11 januari 1916 werd Moulins getroffen door een zware ontploffing in een arsenaal met de naam "Bastion des 18 Ponts". De kruitmagazijn telde 18 tongewolven op twee verdiepingen, vanwaar de naam "18 Ponts", en werd door de Duitsers tijdelijk gebruikt als munitiedepot. De zware ontploffing richtte een grote ravage aan. Meer dan 700 huizen en 21 fabrieken werden vernield en men telde meer dan 100 burgerslachtoffers.
Veel Tokusatsu (de verzamelnaam voor Japanse super-helden shows zoals Super Sentai) fans hebben ook kritiek op Power Rangers. Volgens hen maakt Power Rangers niet alleen Super Sentai belachelijk maar ook andere er aan verbonden shows zoals Ultraman en Kamen Rider.
De LP N.W.A. and the Posse kwam in 1987 uit. In 1989 werd het album op CD uitgebracht; op deze versie werd het nummer Scream van Rappinstine vervangen door A Bitch Iz a Bitch van N.W.A zelf. De nummers "Panic Zone", "Dope Man" en "8 Ball" werden in 1987 al eens uitgebracht op Panic Zone, de debuut-EP van de groep.
Om vast te stellen welke actoren de meeste macht hebben, gaat men met de formele positiemethode na welke actor de meeste en de meest vergaande formele bevoegdheden heeft. Een minister wordt dan geacht meer macht te hebben dan een topambtenaar, omdat de ambtenaar formeel hiërarchisch ondergeschikt is. Het voordeel van deze methode is dat het bijvoorbeeld door analyse van documenten ook op het verleden is toe te passen. Maar volgens critici is het naïef om macht te meten aan de hand van formele bevoegdheden. Men meet daardoor niet de feitelijke uitvoerende macht of de feitelijke mogelijkheden tot het uitvoeren van macht. Soms kan een bepaalde formele positie eerder een belemmering zijn bij het uitvoeren van macht, en machtsdragers “achter de schermen” blijven buiten beschouwing.
In tegenstelling tot Super Sentai vinden alle Power Rangers seizoenen plaats binnen hetzelfde fictieve universum. De seizoenen Mighty Morphin Power Rangers tot Power Rangers in Space sluiten direct op elkaar aan en in bijna elk seizoen daarna vind een zogeheten "team-up" plaats waarin het team van dat jaar het team van het vorige jaar ontmoet. In Power Rangers: Wild Force vond zelfs een speciale team-up plaats tussen alle rode rangers van de vorige seizoenen ter viering van het tienjarig bestaan van de show. Deze aflevering was Forever Red. In Power Rangers: Operation Overdrive vond een tweedelige team-up plaats met vijf verschillende Rangers uit voorgaande seizoenen. Dit was Once a Ranger.
Scelimena multidentatum is een rechtvleugelig insect uit de familie doornsprinkhanen (Tetrigidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van deze soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1906 door Hancock.
Anno 1965 was Zuid-Rhodesië, het huidige Zimbabwe, een kolonie van het Verenigd Koninkrijk. Het land werd bestuurd door een blanke minderheid onder leiding van Ian Smith. Op 11 november 1965 riep diens regering de onafhankelijkheid uit van de Republiek Rhodesië.
Voorziet de werking om grafische inhoud weer te geven op beeldschermen, printers en andere uitgangsapparaten. Deze interface bevindt zich in gdi.exe op een 16 bit-Windows en in gdi32.dll op een 32 bit-Windows in gebruikersmodus. Ondersteuning voor kernel-mode-GDI is voorzien door win32k.sys, hetgeen rechtstreeks met de grafische driver communiceert.
Er kwamen veel klachten binnen over de vocale muziek die tijdens vechtscènes in Mighty Morphin' Power Rangers werd gebruikt. Ze zouden té sadistische tekst bevatten voor een serie gericht op kinderen.
Vervolgens werd hij teruggezonden naar Westpoint. De Blitzkrieg maakte het noodzakelijk de tactieken van de Duitsers te bestuderen. Gavin vond dat ook de luchtmacht zou moeten worden ingezet zoals de Duitsers dat in België met groot succes deden:
Euconocercus iris is een rechtvleugelig insect uit de familie sabelsprinkhanen (Tettigoniidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van deze soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1950 door Bey-Bienko.
De Raad van State geeft U in overweging het voorstel van wet te zenden aan de Tweede Kamer der Staten-Generaal, nadat aan het vorenstaande aandacht is geschonken.
Macht kan ook corrumperen in de zin dat de machthebber zo veel macht naar zich toe trekt dat men hem niet meer durft tegen te spreken uit angst voor consequenties voor de eigen positie. Hierdoor ontstaat een situatie als in het sprookje De nieuwe kleren van de keizer, waarin een verkeerde beslissing wordt genomen en uitgevoerd door een gebrek aan controle en overleg, of dat een onwenselijke situatie niet wordt opgelost omdat niemand er iets van durft te zeggen.
Gryllaphonus is een geslacht van rechtvleugeligen uit de familie krekels (Gryllidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van dit geslacht is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1951 door Lucien Chopard.
Puyo begon zijn autosportcarrière in het karting, voordat hij in 2001 zijn debuut maakte in de Formule 3 in het Spaanse Formule 3-kampioenschap. Hij wist echter niet te overtuigen in acht races binnen twee jaar en stapte in 2003 over naar de Italiaanse Formule Renault, waarbij hij zes punten scoorde in acht races.
Acteur Jason David Frank heeft in meer afleveringen gespeeld dan enig andere Power Rangers-acteur. Zijn personage Tommy Oliver heeft ook de meeste verschillende kleuren gedragen: groen, wit, twee keer rood en zwart.
Rood: een van de drie primaire kleuren. Rode Rangers komen in elk seizoen voor, en zijn altijd lid van het hoofdteam. De rode ranger is meestal de teamleider (met uitzondering van Rocky DeSantos, Aurico, Wesley Collins, Conner McKnight en Mack Hartford) en ontvangt om die reden vaak ook de sterkste wapens. De meeste Rode Rangers vechten met een zwaard. Sinds Power Rangers in Space krijgt de rode Ranger later in het seizoen een speciaal wapen genaamd een Battlizer. De rode ranger is in principe altijd een man. De enige vrouwelijke rode Rangers tot dusver waren de leider van de A-Squad rangers uit Power Rangers S.P.D. en Lauren Shiba uit Power Rangers Samurai die de daadwerkelijke rode ranger is in die serie.
In de jaren tachtig maakte hij naam als "bedrijvendokter" door slechtlopende en failliete bedrijven op te kopen en weer winstgevend te maken. Hij startte in 1983 bij de toen in surseance van betaling verkerende Machinefabriek Stramproy (tegenwoordig: Stramproy Group). Hij zou dit bedrijf van zijn schoonvader Gerrit van der Valk ontvangen hebben als beloning voor zijn woordvoerderschap bij de ontvoering van diens vrouw, Toos van der Valk, in 1982. Vanaf 1984 werd in de economische crisis van de jaren 80 in ijltempo een hele rits van bedrijven overgenomen, waaronder in 1985 voor 2 miljoen gulden Royal Begemann Group, dat werd opgebouwd op het fundament van de failliete Koninklijke Nederlandsche Machinefabriek v/h E.H. Begemann te Helmond. Dat werd vanaf toen de kapstok voor zijn rijgwerk. De Begemann-groep groeide in enkele jaren uit tot een concern met 140 dochterondernemingen met een waarde van 1,35 miljard gulden. Anno 2005 had de Begemann-groep nog slechts een minderheidsbelang in Tulip Computers, later als Nedfield failliet verklaard.
Bij de volkstelling in 2000 werd het aantal inwoners vastgesteld op 287. In 2006 is het aantal inwoners door het United States Census Bureau geschat op 290, een stijging van 3 (1,0%).
Op zijn 17de verjaardag vluchtte hij en ging met de trein naar New York, waar hij zich aanmeldde bij het Amerikaanse leger. Omdat zijn stiefouders nooit zouden instemmen met zijn keuze voor het leger vertelde hij de wervingsofficier dat hij wees was. De officier bracht hem naar een advocaat die zichzelf tot voogd benoemde en de ouderlijke toestemmingsverklaring tekende. Gavin werd per 1 april opgenomen in het Amerikaanse leger. Hij werd naar Panama gestuurd, waar hij onder sergeant McCarthy en de Indiaan 'Chief' Williams bij een kustbatterij diende. Williams bevorderde hem na zes maanden tot korporaal. Na enkele testen en examens werd hij toegelaten op West Point. In juni 1929 voltooide hij zijn opleiding, waarna hij in het huwelijk trad met Irma Baulsir.
Grepolis werd nog tijdens de testfase genomineerd in de categorie "beste strategiespel" en "beste Duitse browserspel 2009" van de Duitse ontwikkelaarsprijs . Grepolis werd in 2011 genomineerd voor de European Games Award in de categorie "Beste browsergame".
Het contract voor de eerste serie van 4 productie toestellen werd in juli 2006 getekend en de eerste testvlucht verliep zeer succesvol in augustus 2006, gevolgd door de levering van 2 testvliegtuigen aan de marine in september en november van hetzelfde jaar. De eerste productietoestellen werden vanaf 2007 aan de USN geleverd.
Soms worden er voor Power Rangers zelfs compleet nieuwe rangers bijbedacht, welke niet voorkomen in de Sentaiseries. In Power Rangers: Lightspeed Rescue (2000) kwam de Titanium Ranger voor als zesde lid van het team. Dit was de eerste geheel Amerikaanse Ranger. In Power Rangers: S.P.D. kwam een compleet team van vijf extra rangers voor, de A-Squad. In Power Rangers: Jungle Fury deden drie nieuwe rangers mee en in het speelgoed van power rangers:rpm waren 3 nieuwe rangers.
Mukti Sari is een plaats in het bestuurlijke gebied Kampar in de provincie Riau, Indonesië. Het dorp telt 1969 inwoners (volkstelling 2010).
Een stel bejaarde acteurs woont samen in een tehuis. Ze halen herinneringen op aan het verleden. Op een dag komt de bekende acteur Raphaël Saint Clair op bezoek. Daardoor worden oude vetes weer opgerakeld.
Een deel van de Boheemse adel weigerde echter om Rudolf te aanvaarden als koning van Bohemen en het kwam opnieuw tot een machtsstrijd. Tijdens deze machtsstrijd stierf Rudolf in juli 1307 aan dysenterie, nog voor hij en Richezza voor nakomelingen hadden gezorgd. De inmiddels 21 jaar oude Richezza was nu al twee keer weduwe geworden en ze erfde een enorm fortuin na de dood van Rudolf. Van deze rijkdom kon ze echter nog niet genieten omdat ze tijdens de machtsstrijd in Bohemen gedeeltelijk gevangen werd gehouden. Uiteindelijk slaagde ze erin om met haar dochter naar Wenen te vluchten, waar ze een tijdje in een klooster verbleef.
Anisomysis (Paranisomysis) ohtsukai is een aasgarnalensoort uit de familie van de Mysidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1994 door Murano.
Paulus Pieter Mattheus (Paul) Snijders (Groningen, 4 mei 1954) is een voormalig Nederlands uitgever en margedrukker, tegenwoordig publicist en antiquaar bij antiquariaat Fokas Holthuis.
Op dag tien kreeg het Noorse team, bestaande uit Øystein Pettersen en Petter Northug op het onderdeel teamsprint voor mannen van het langlaufen de gouden plak in handen. Bij de dames werd dat onderdeel door Evi Sachenbacher-Stehle en Claudia Nystad uit Duitsland gewonnen. Het onderdeel ijsdansen bij het kunstrijden wonnen de Canadezen Tessa Virtue en Scott Moir. De landenwedstrijd van het schansspringen werd gewonnen door het Noorse team, dat bestond uit Anders Bardal, Tom Hilde, Johan Remen Evensen en Anders Jacobsen.
Hydrotaea spinifemorata is een vliegensoort uit de familie van de echte vliegen (Muscidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1954 door Huckett.
De verdediging van de stad werd geleid door de Latijnse aartsbisschop Hugo II, de Armeense bisschop Johannes en de jacobbiden bisschop Basil. Als Jocelin II te horen krijgt over de belegering van zijn stad, voert hij zijn leger naar Turbessel, wetend dat hij Zengi nooit kan verslaan zonder de hulp van de andere kruisvaardersstaten. Vanuit Jeruzalem werd gereageerd door Melisende die een leger stuurde onder leiding van Manasses van Hierges, Filips van Milly en Elinand van Bures. Raymond van Antiochië kon de roep om hulp niet inwilligen, omdat hij zelf met de Byzantijnen een conflict moest uitvechten in Armeens Sicilië.
Op dag 13 werd het onderdeel reuzenslalom van het alpineskiën door de Duitse Viktoria Rebensburg gewonnen. De overwinning op de estafette van het langlaufen voor vrouwen ging naar het Noorse team, bestaande uit Vibeke Skofterud, Therese Johaug, Kristin Størmer Steira en Marit Bjørgen. Ook het kunstrijden worden de medailles bij de vrouwen verdeeld, de Zuid-Koreaanse Kim Yu-Na zette tevens een wereldrecord neer. De finale van het onderdeel aerials van het freestyleskiën werd gewonnen door de Wit-Rus Aleksej Grisjin. De overwinning van de damesfinale van het ijshockey werd door het Canadese team afgedwongen, dat met een 2-0 stand won van het Amerikaanse team. Op grote schans van de noordse combinatie was de Amerikaan Bill Demong de beste.
Volgens sommigen meet elke methode een andere dimensie van macht. Daarom worden vaak diverse methoden tegelijk gebruikt. Soms blijken de verschillende methoden dan te leiden tot onverenigbare uitkomsten.
Onder aan de koningsspil zit een gehard stalen lager (de taats), dat in een taatspot draait, dat vroeger gevuld was met wonderolie of raapolie, maar nu meestal met versnellingsbakolie of motorolie. De taatspot bestaat uit een gietijzeren bak met een hardstalen bakje, dat met lood is vastgezet en waarin de taats draait. De balk waar de taatspot in zit en waar de koningsspil dus op rust heet bij korenmolens de donsbalk of draagbalk, bij poldermolens het spilkalf en bij de oliemolen de putstoel.
Denbigh (Dinbych in het Welsh) is een plaats in Wales, in het bestuurlijke graafschap Denbighshire en in het ceremoniële behouden graafschap Clwyd. De plaats telt 8783 inwoners.
Gemfibrozil verhoogt de kans op spierklachten. Gelijktijdig gebruik van cholesterolsyntheseremmers en immunosuppressiva (bijvoorbeeld ciclosporine), fibraten, ezetimibe of nicotinezuur vermeerdert de kans op myopathie.
Chini is een stad in het arrondissement Huadu in de prefectuur Kanton in de provincie Guangdong, China. Het werkkamp heropvoeding door werk van Kanton # 1 ligt in Hexi, wat bij Chini hoort. Het werkkamp heropvoeding door werk van Kanton # 3 ligt in Hengsha, wat bij Chini hoort.
Weel en Paul Snijders, Hans van, 'Levenslang strijden voor rechtvaardigheid. Jonkheer Jacob Anton Schorer (1866-1957)', in: Pijlen van naamloze liefde. Pioniers van de homo-emancipatie. Amsterdam, SUA, 1988.
Favoriet op de 1500 meter voor mannen van het schaatsen, de Amerikaan Shani Davis, wist niet de beste tijd neer te zetten op dat onderdeel. De Nederlander Mark Tuitert ging er, met een tijd van 1.45,57 (een baanrecord), met de gouden plak vandoor.
Schiedam is ook per metro bereikbaar. Station Schiedam Centrum is bereikbaar met Metrolijn A, B en C vanuit Rotterdam. Met Lijn C kan men ook verder reizen langs de Schiedamse metrostations Parkweg, Troelstralaan en Vijfsluizen richting Hoogvliet en Spijkenisse. Station Schiedam Nieuwland zal in februari 2018 worden geopend en is dan bereikbaar met Metrolijn A en B.
In de UEFA Regions' Cup is San Marino voor wat betreft de resultaten succesvoller. Met een amateurselectie wist La Serenissima zich iedere keer te plaatsen voor de kwalificatiereeksen. In 2009 werden ze groepswinnaar van de eerste voorronde. Ondanks 1 gelijkspel, werden de San Marinezen in de tweede groepsfase laatste in de groep en werd het uitgeschakeld. San Marino heeft zich nog nooit geplaatst voor het hoofdtoernooi.
Wong geeft sinds 2002 les op de Zürcher Hochschule der Künste in Zürich. Hij geeft masterclasses in Zwitserland en daarbuiten en is tevens gastdocent op universiteiten en conservatoria. Van 2006 tot 2008 was hij vaste gastdocent op de Musikhochschule Luzern.
Maffeis studeerde muziek bij het Italiaanse leger en werd hoornist in de Militaire muziekkapel van het 5e Regiment van de Alpen bergtroepen. Vervolgens was hij dirigent van diverse banda's uit de regio, zoals van de Corpo Musicale "San Bartolomeo" di Oltre il Colle (aan het begin van de 20e eeuw), de Banda musicale di Cene (1904-1923), de Banda di Corpo Musicale di Parre (1924-1938) en van de Banda di Corpo Musicale di Fiorano al Serio (tussen de beide wereldoorlogen).
De Belgische kampioenschappen atletiek zijn nationale kampioenschappen outdoor voor alle categorieën senioren. Ze worden sinds 1889 jaarlijks georganiseerd onder auspiciën van de Koninklijke Belgische Atletiek Bond. Tijdens de Eerste Wereldoorlog werden de kampioenschappen niet georganiseerd. Tijdens de Tweede Wereldoorlog werden alleen in 1940 en 1944 geen kampioenschappen gehouden.
Saban Entertainment had voor 1993 al een tijdje het idee om de Japanse Sentai shows om te zetten naar een Amerikaanse show. De eerste keus van het bedrijf was Choujin Sentai Jetman. Saban maakte een paar afleveringen en liet die door een testpubliek keuren. Daar het testpubliek de afleveringen afkeurde ging het plan voor een complete serie niet door.
Het Menasco landingsgestel bestaat uit totaal 4 wielen en draait tijdens het intrekken door 90° heen. De Messier-Dowty neuswielsectie heeft een dubbel neuswiel en is uitgerust met een universeel aansluitpunt voor een katapult. Onder de achterkant van het toestel zit de gebruikelijke vanghaak.
Naast het park bevindt zich het strand Seaquarium Beach, het koraalrif Sea Aquarium House Reef en de Dolphin Academy met diverse shows met dolfijnen.
Dankzij reddingen van Conejo en een treffer Juan Cayasso kende Costa Rica echter een sensationeel debuut. Schotland werd in de eerste wedstrijd met 1-0 verslagen in Genua. Ook de anders zo productieve Brazilianen zagen tot hun frustratie voortdurend Conejo in de weg liggen. Pas in de 82ste minuut vond Müller een gaatje, waardoor de Seleçao uiteindelijk aan het langste eind trok.
Hoewel hij maar drie wedstrijden in actie kwam, werd Conejo samen met de Argentijnse penaltykiller Sergio Goycochea uitgeroepen tot doelman van het toernooi. Hij vervolgde zijn loopbaan bij de Spaanse club Albacete Balompié.
Tot het opbreken van de sporen in 1977 heeft het gedeelte van de lijn tussen Doornik en Kain nummer 231 gedragen. Thans is het nummer 231 in gebruik voor de goederenspoorlijn van de aftakking Termien aan lijn 21C naar het industriegebied van Genk-Zuid.
In 2012 stuurden de Albanezen Rona Nishliu naar Bakoe. Zij trad aan met het Albaneestalige Suus, een lied dat vooral opviel dankzij Nishliu's enorme stembereik. Tijdens het optreden reageerde de zaal met applaus op haar opmerkelijk hoge en lange uithalen. Europa had veel punten voor het lied over; Albanië werd tweede in de halve finale en stootte glansrijk door naar de finale, waarin Nishliu met 146 punten als vijfde eindigde. Het betekende het grootste Albanese succes op het Eurovisiesongfestival tot nu toe. Na afloop van het songfestival werd Nishliu onderscheiden met de Barbara Dex Award voor slechtst geklede kandidate.
Costa Calma is een plaats op het schiereiland Jandía in het zuiden van het Spaanse eiland Fuerteventura. De plaats ligt in de gemeente Pájara en heeft 5670 inwoners (2013).
Moennoz, Albert C. À P.C.B. [Met een nawoord door Harry G.M. Prick]. Deventer, [Paul Snijders], 1985. [Ingenaaid in (op de verguldpers) met grijs en wit bedrukt omslag. (4) p. Met de hand gezet en gedrukt door Paul Snijders in een oplage van 42 genummerde exemplaren.]
In het stadion NSK Olimpiejsky werd op 1 juli 2012 de finale van het EK voetbal 2012 gespeeld. Op 26 mei 2018 wordt er de finale van de UEFA Champions League 2017/18 gespeeld.
Tussen Aansluiting Bremen-Neustadt en afrit Bremen/Brinkum is de B6 tot aan Aansluiting Bremen-Arsten een klaverbladknoooppunt vervangen door de A281 de B6n en tussen Aansluiting Bremen-Arsten en afrit Bremen/Brinkum door de A1.
In het jaar 1900 werd bij een knik in de Handschuhsheimer Landstraße de eerste steen voor de nieuwe kerk gelegd. De nieuwbouw nam de naam van de oude kerk over, echter anders dan bij de oude kerk heeft de naam geen betrekking op Johannes de Doper maar op de evangelist Johannes. In aanwezigheid van groothertog Frederik I werd de kerk op 11 mei 1902 ingewijd.
De cockpit biedt plaats aan 1 vlieger en 1 electronic warfare officer. deze laatste is uitgerust met touch-screen lcds voor de missiesystemen, een tactisch kleuren-lcd-scherm en twee multipurpose lcd-schermen. Alle schermen bezitten de Tactical Aircraft Moving Map Capaciteit (TAMMAC). Het toestel is uitgerust met Hands-On Throttle and Stick (HOTAS) en volledige digitale fly-by-wire bediening.
Veel oudere fans vinden het jammer dat de serie geen vaste verhaallijn meer heeft die van seizoen op seizoen doorloopt (met in de latere seizoenen regelmatig gastoptredens van vijanden en helden uit de oudere seizoenen).
Bijna elke nieuwe versie van Windows introduceerde zijn eigen toevoegingen en veranderingen aan de Windows API. De naam van de API echter, werd consistent gehouden tussen verschillende Windowsversies, en naamsveranderingen werden beperkt tot grote structurele en platformveranderingen voor Windows. Microsoft veranderde uiteindelijk de naam van de toenmalige 'Win32 API' familie naar 'Windows API', en veranderde de naam zo in een alomvattende term voor zowel verleden als toekomstige versies van de API.
Het voorstel geeft de Raad van State geen aanleiding tot het maken van inhoudelijke opmerkingen. Hij geeft U in overweging het voorstel van wet te zenden aan de Tweede Kamer der Staten-Generaal.
Scar Symmetry werd gevormd in april 2004, tijdens opnamen van de band Altered Aeon in de Black Lounge Studios van Jonas Kjellgren. Nog diezelfde maand nam de band een demo op voor het nummer "Seeds of Rebellion" wat de band hielp aan een platencontract bij Cold Records (een onderdeel van Metal Blade Records). Het geluid van de band doet velen erg denken aan het eveneens Zweedse Soilwork.
In eigen land speelde Rudņevs voor FC Daugava uit zijn geboortestad Daugavpils. In 2009 verliet hij z'n geboortestad voor een Hongaars avontuur bij Zalaegerszegi TE. Na één jaar merkte Lech Poznań de talentvolle Let op. Rudņevs scoorde 33 wedstrijden in 56 competitiewedstrijden voor de Poolse club. In 2012 tekende Rudņevs een vierjarig contract bij Hamburger SV. Daar kreeg hij onder Thorsten Fink een basisplaats. Hij scoorde zijn eerste doelpunt voor Hamburger op 26 september 2012, tegen Borussia Mönchengladbach. Hij was de eerste Let ooit in de Bundesliga. Hij tekende in juni 2016 een contract tot medio 2019 bij FC Köln, dat hem transfervrij overnam van Hamburger SV. Op 29 september 2017 werd op zijn verzoek het contract ontbonden en beëindigde hij zijn loopbaan.
Aegiochus uschakovi is een pissebed uit de familie Aegidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1967 door Kussakin.
De conditionele methode is een methode om de macht van organisaties te meten op basis van de middelen waarover deze organisaties beschikken, in combinatie met de wijze waarop zij deze middelen aanwenden. De middelen bestaan uit financiële, culturele (medewerkers en bestuurders) en sociale (netwerk) middelen.
Zengi werd in 1146 vermoord door een slaaf, tijdens het beleg van Qalat Jabar, en werd in Aleppo opgevolgd door zijn zoon Nur ad-Din. Jocelin II deed een poging om Edessa opnieuw te veroveren na Zengi's dood. Het lukte om de stad weer in te nemen op de citadel na in oktober 1146, dit gebeurde zonder de steun van de andere kruisvaardersstaten, waarna zijn verovering al gauw teniet werd gedaan door Nur ad-Din, die hem weer verjoeg in november van hetzelfde jaar. Deze keer werd de bevolking van de stad helemaal uitgemoord of verbannen, waardoor de achtergelaten stad uitgestorven was.
Het was een initiatief van een groep vierdejaarsstudenten van de Nederlandse Film en Televisie Academie, die tezamen met filmjournalisten de jury vormen. De nominaties voor de eerste uitreiking werden bekendgemaakt op 3 oktober 2005, waarna de prijzen werden uitgereikt op 6 oktober 2005 in de oude Scala-bioscoop in Utrecht. Men verwachtte net als bij de Razzies niet dat de 'winnaars' hun prijs zullen komen ophalen.
Cephalotoma tonkinea is een keversoort uit de familie boorkevers (Bostrichidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1932 door Lesne.
Op dag twee won de Franse Vincent Jay de sprint bij het biatlon. Alexandre Bilodeau uit Canada won het onderdeel moguls bij de mannen en de Duitser Felix Loch pakte het goud op het onderdeel mannen enkel van het rodelen. De overwinning op de Gundersen normale schans bij de Noordse combinatie werd in de wacht gesleept door de Fransman Jason Lamy-Chappuis, hij versloeg met 0,4 secondes de Amerikaan Johnny Spillane, het kleinste verschil ooit. De Tsjechische Martina Sáblíková won de drie kilometer bij het schaatsen.
De lijst van afleveringen van Beverly Hills, 90210 geeft een lijst weer van de afleveringen die gemaakt zijn voor het tienerdrama Beverly Hills, 90210.
Snijders, Paul, 'Ries, Leopold Abraham', in: Robert Aldrich en Garry Wotherspoon (redactie), Who's Who in Gay & Lesbian History. London/ New York, 2001.
In april 1941 werd hij op eigen verzoek ingedeeld bij de nieuwe Airborne Divisie, waar hij tactieken ontwikkelde voor luchtgevechten. In oktober werd hij bevorderd tot majoor en schreef hij het boek FM 31-30: Tactics and Technique of Air-Borne Troops. In augustus 1942 werd hij commandant van de 505th Infantry Regiment en al gauw kolonel. Zijn regiment werd onderdeel van de 82ste Airborne Divisie en verliet New York op 28 april, om via Noord-Afrika naar Casablanca te gaan voor Operatie Husky. Het konvooi omvatte 23 transportschepen, 8 kruisers, een vliegdekschip en het slagschip Texas. Op 10 mei kwamen ze in Casablanca aan, waarna de troepen naar Kairouan in Tunesië overgebracht werden. Op 10 juli werd Sicilië aangevallen. De Amerikanen landden aan de zuidkust, de Britten aan de oostkust. Gavin sprong als eerste en verstuikte zijn enkel. Er was veel wind waardoor de troepen niet op de afgesproken plaats landden.
Wilcoxius truncus is een vliegensoort uit de familie van de roofvliegen (Asilidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1975 door Martin.
Michael Hall D'Addario als Josh Alan Davis, Frankies elfjarige zoontje. Hij is intelligent maar rebels, heeft geen vrienden en maakt keer op keer problemen op school.
Montpeyroux is een gemeente in het Franse departement Puy-de-Dôme (regio Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes) en telt 329 inwoners (1999). De plaats maakt deel uit van het arrondissement Issoire.
Rond 1590 zijn de Oirats de eerste Mongoolse groep die contact kregen met de Russen. Die ontmoetingen vonden plaats in pas gestichte nederzettingen als Tobolsk en de stad Tara in de huidige Oblast Omsk.
Naast het behandelen van patiënten was Atkins ook een voorvechter van de natuurgeneeskunde als alternatief voor farmaceutische geneesmiddelen en chirurgie voor vele slopende ziektes. Mede door hem kregen de alternatieve geneeswijzen nationaal aandacht als een medische benadering. In 1972 lanceerde hij zijn dieet, waarmee hij in de jaren 90 wereldwijde bekendheid kreeg.
Het dier behoort tot het geslacht Stiphidion. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1988 door V. T. Davies.
Op dag 6 werd Maria Riesch uit Duitsland winnares op de combinatie voor vrouwen van het alpineskiën. Noorwegen kwam in het bezit van twee gouden medailles door de overwinningen van Emil Hegle Svendsen en Tora Berger op het mannen en vrouwen individueel bij het biatlon. De Amerikaan Evan Lysacek pakt de gouden plak op het onderdeel mannen enkel van het kunstrijden. Nummer twee, Jevgeni Ploesjenko, beklaagt zich over de jurering, omdat hij naar eigen zeggen een moeilijker element uitvoerde in zijn kür. Torah Bright uit Australië won de halfpipe vrouwen van het snowboarden. De Canadese Christine Nesbitt pakt de eerste gouden schaatsmedaille op de Vancouverse Spelen, ze wint met een tijd van 1.16,56 de 1000 meter bij de vrouwen, daarmee versloeg ze met twee honderdste van een seconde de Nederlandse Annette Gerritsen.
Notoxus tibialis is een keversoort uit de familie snoerhalskevers (Anthicidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1985 door Uhmann.
Power Rangers volgt qua verhaal hetzelfde principe als Super Sentai: Een vijand (meestal een buitenaards leger of een eeuwenoud kwaad) bedreigt de aarde. Om deze vijand te verslaan verkrijgt een team van meestal vijf individuen op magische of technische manier superkrachten, waardoor zij kunnen transformeren tot sterke krijgers. Net als in Super Sentai dragen de helden gekleurde spandex kostuums en gebruiken ze vechtsport samen met geavanceerde wapens. Ook de enorme robots uit de Sentai Series worden in Power Rangers gebruikt, al worden die daar over het algemeen Zords genoemd (vernoemd naar Zordon, de mentor van de Power Rangers in de eerste 5 seizoenen).
De Afdeling advisering van de Raad van State (AARvS) is verdeeld in vier secties, waarvan ieder de voorstellen van twee of drie ministeries behandelt. De sectie legt een conceptadvies voor aan de Afdeling advisering. Het advies over alle wetsvoorstellen en algemene maatregelen van bestuur (een Koninklijk Besluit, afgekort: AMvB) wordt in de vergadering van de Afdeling advisering vastgesteld. Zij vergadert onder leiding van de vice-president (zoals de raad die titel zelf spelt) iedere woensdagmiddag. Een advies krijgt een dictum: Een advies aan de regering over de verdere voortgang van het voorstel.
Prometopus flavicollis is een vlinder uit de familie van de uilen (Noctuidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1889 door Leech.
Een van de belangrijkste verschillen tussen Super Sentai en Power Rangers is de mate van geweld. In de Super Sentai shows is het geweld realistischer, in die zin dat de helden vaak zelf gewond raken, soms tot bloedens toe. Ook is het al een aantal keer voor gekomen dat een van de helden voor het eind van de serie sterft. In Power Rangers is het tot nu toe maar een keer voorgekomen dat een van de Rangers sterft. Namelijk in Power Rangers: Lost Galaxy.
Saint-Maclou-de-Folleville is een gemeente in het Franse departement Seine-Maritime (regio Normandië) en telt 515 inwoners (1999). De plaats maakt deel uit van het arrondissement Dieppe.
Sabanejewia baltica is een straalvinnige vissensoort uit de familie van de modderkruipers (Cobitidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1994 door Witkowski.
Qua stijl oriënteert de kerk zich aan de vroege gotiek, maar in tegenstelling tot de gotische kerkbouw werd het gebouw als centraalbouw uitgevoerd. De plattegrond wordt gevormd door een Grieks kruis, waarbij de zuidelijke arm (achter het altaar) van de eigenlijke kerk wordt afgescheiden. Boven de hoofdingang van de kerk verrijst de markante 55 meter hoge toren.
In 2009 schreef Gordon met Flo Rida aan het nummer "Sugar", dat een internationale hit werd. Het nummer kwam binnen op nummer 5 in de Billboard Hot 100 en werd in Nederland een alarmschijf. Ze schreef verder onder andere mee met dancenummer "Toyfriend" van DJ David Guetta en werkte samen met Jennifer Lopez voor verschillende nummers voor het album Love?.
Petersen werd geboren in Emden. Van 1953 tot 1960 volgde hij de Johanneum school in Hamburg. Begin jaren zestig regisseerde hij toneelstukken in het Ernst Deutsch Theater in Hamburg. Hij studeerde theater in Berlijn en Hamburg en volgde tussen 1966 en 1970 de filmacademie in Berlijn. Zijn eerste producties waren voor de Duitse omroep NDR. Tijdens zijn werk voor de populaire Tatort-serie ontmoette hij acteur Jürgen Prochnow, die later in Das Boot de rol van kapitein Heinrich Lehmann-Willenbrock zou spelen.
Terranova da Sibari is een gemeente in de Italiaanse provincie Cosenza (regio Calabrië) en telt 5257 inwoners (31-12-2004). De oppervlakte bedraagt 43,1 km², de bevolkingsdichtheid is 121 inwoners per km². Een van de plaatsen in de gemeente is Sibari, waar ook een station van de Ferrovie dello Stato is. Verder is het een klein plaatsje waar niet veel gebeurt.
Oldenhuis was een zoon van de schulte van Dalen en Oosterhesselen Tijmen Oldenhuis en Lammechien Huising. Zijn vader overleed in 1734 en werd als schulte van Dalen en Oosterhesselen opgevolgd door diens broer Lucas Oldenhuis. Daardoor kwam de functie van schulte van Zweeloo beschikbaar en werd Oldenhuis op 8-jarige leeftijd benoemd in deze functie, waarbij zijn oom Lucas als zijn verwalter (vervanger) optrad. Vanaf 1745 werd hij daadwerkelijk schulte van Zweeloo. In 1758 werd hij schulte van Dalen en Oosterhesselen, weer als opvolger van zijn oom Lucas, die benoemd was tot gedeputeerde van Drenthe.
In 2013 werden Adrian Lulgjuraj & Bledar Sejko afgevaardigd naar het festival. Met het nummer Identitet haalde Albanië de finale niet. In 2014 slaagde ook zangeres Hersi er niet in om kwalificatie voor de finale af te dwingen. In 2015 sleepte Albanië wel een finaleplaats in de wacht met Elhaida Dani. Haar lied I'm alive eindigde uiteindelijk op de zeventiende plaats. In 2016 vertegenwoordigde Eneda Tarifa Albanië in Stockholm, met Fairytale. Het lied haalde in de halve finale de 16de plaats, onvoldoende voor een plaats in de finale. Ook in 2017 kon Albanië zich met Lindita niet plaatsen.
In maart 2009 werd aangekondigd dat Power Rangers na 17 seizoenen zou stoppen. In plaats van een nieuw seizoen zond Disney in 2010 bij wijze van alternatief 18e seizoen de eerste 32 afleveringen van de originele serie, Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, opnieuw uit in een geremasterde vorm.
Cipriano de Valera (Fregenal de la Sierra, 1532 - Londen, 1602) was een Spaanse Bijbelvertaler. Hij vervulde een sleutelrol in de eerste revisie van de Bijbelvertaling van Casiodoro de Reina, die later bekend zou worden als de Reina-Valera. Valera is net als Reina monnik geweest in het klooster van de Hiëronymieten te Santiponce. Hij was een volgeling van Johannes Calvijn en heeft een deel van diens werk vertaald naar het Spaans. In 1558 vestigde hij zich in Engeland, waar hij de rest van zijn leven als balling doorbracht. Hij onderwees er kunsten, theologie en Spaans in Cambridge, Oxford en Londen. In 1582 begon hij met het reviseren van de Bijbelvertaling van Reina. Na deze revisie, die in 1602 verscheen, bleef de vertaling hun beider namen dragen, ook na latere revisies.
Macht speelt in het politieke systeem een centrale rol, daarom wordt aan het meten en registreren van macht veel belang gehecht. Maar het is een gecompliceerd begrip dat zich niet makkelijk leent voor wetenschappelijke meting. Er zijn twee belangrijke beperkende factoren:
Lindsey Vonn uit de Verenigde Staten won de gouden medaille op de afdaling van het alpineskiën. De Rus Nikita Krjoekov won met een tijd van 3:34.57 de sprintwedstrijd van het langlaufen, de sprint bij de vrouwen werd gewonnen door de Noorse Marit Bjørgen. De dubbel bij het rodelen werd gewonnen door Andreas en Wolfgang Linger. Zij prolongeerden hun titel uit Turijn en kregen met een tijd van 41,332 secondes in de tweede run het baanrecord in handen. De Chinese Wang Meng won de 500 meter vrouwen bij het shorttracken. De halfpipe mannen bij het snowboarden werd gewonnen door de Amerikaan Shaun White. De houder van het wereldrecord, de Amerikaan Shani Davis, won de 1000 meter bij de heren.
De mate waarin een Power Rangers seizoen het verhaal van de Sentai-serie waarop hij gebaseerd is volgt varieert sterk. Sommige seizoenen zoals Power Rangers: Lost Galaxy en Power Rangers: RPM hebben een compleet nieuw verhaal, terwijl andere seizoenen zoals Power Rangers: Wild Force vrijwel alles letterlijk overnemen uit de Sentai-serie. Dit heeft vaak te maken met het feit dat sommige Sentai-series typisch Japanse elementen bevatten die bij een westers publiek doorgaans niet bekend zijn.
Tobin Sprout (Dayton, Ohio, 28 april 1955) is een Amerikaanse muzikant, grafisch ontwerper en kunstschilder. Hij werd bekend als gitarist en songwriter voor Guided by Voices. In 1996 begon hij zijn solocarrière op te bouwen. Een jaar later verliet hij de band.
In 1973 kwam zijn eerste bioscoopfilm uit, Einer von uns beiden, naar een novelle van Horst Bosetzky, wederom met Jürgen Prochnow. Zijn film Die Konsequenz leidde in 1977 tot een schandaal. De Bayerische Rundfunk achtte het thema van de film - homoseksualiteit - niet geschikt. Kort daarop kwam de film in de bioscoop.
De Raad van State geeft U in overweging het voorstel van wet niet te zenden aan de Tweede Kamer der Staten-Generaal dan nadat met het vorenstaande rekening zal zijn gehouden.
In 2007 debuteerde hij in de Life Jeugdboekenreeks van Uitgeverij Holland met de jeugdroman - een misdaadthriller – getiteld "De nalatenschap". In het voorjaar van 2008 verscheen in de reeks Vlaamse Filmpjes van Uitgeverij Averbode de titel "Een vrouw op de achterbank".
Nederland behaalde op dag 14 voor de 100e maal een gouden medaille op de Olympische Spelen; snowboardster Nicolien Sauerbreij won tijdens haar derde deelname aan de Winterspelen op het onderdeel parallelreuzenslalom. De Duitse Maria Riesch won de slalom van het alpineskiën. Ole Einar Bjørndalen won als lid van de Noorse estafetteploeg op de biatlon zijn zesde gouden medaille, dit deed hij samen met Halvard Hanevold, Tarjei Bø en Emil Hegle Svendsen. De curlingfinale tussen Zweden en Canada met 7-6 werd gewonnen door Kajsa Bergström, Anna Le Moine, Cathrine Lindahl, Eva Lund en Anette Norberg uit het Scandinavische land. Op het onderdeel shorttrack werden drie finales verreden; de overwinning op de 500 meter voor mannen ging naar de Canadees Charles Hamelin, de duizend meter voor vrouwen ging naar de Chinese Wang Meng en 5000 meter aflossing voor mannen werd gewonnen door de Canadezen Guillaume Bastille, Charles Hamelin, François Hamelin, Olivier Jean en François-Louis Tremblay.
In 2011 maakte Lourens haar debuut in de dancewereld, waarin ze als dj werkt. Sinds 2013 is ze resident DJ in de Amsterdamse Club NYX, waar ze in 2014 ook onderdeel is van het concept 'The House of NYX' waarmee ze op festivals zoals House of Bad Habits en Valtifest draait. Naast haar werk als dj is ze ook werkzaam als producer en remixt ze nummers van andere artiesten. In 2013 opende Lourens samen met haar zakenpartner FL-Agency een boekingskantoor voor dj's. In 2014 reisde Lourens als hoofdact mee met de zomertoer van reisorganisatie Beachmasters en draaide ze in het Rotterdamse stadion De Kuip tijdens het event Cinema. In juli 2016 ontving zij voor haar track "Squat" een gouden plaat.
Als de student na een jaar alle vakken heeft gehaald (of het benodigde aantal vakken die staan voor een p-punt, in geval van trajecten waar de student meer dan het benodigde aantal vakken aflegt, en dus meer dan het benodigde aantal punten binnen krijgt als die al de vakken met een voldoende zou afleggen), zijn er 60 of meer studiepunten behaald en kan het propedeutisch examen afgelegd worden. Niet alle opleidingen kennen zo'n examen. In dat geval behaalt de student zijn propedeusebul (bijgenaamd "P", voorheen "propjes") automatisch aan het einde van het eerste jaar (bij het behalen van alle vakken). De student krijgt dan automatisch een positief studieadvies. Als de student de propedeuse niet binnen een bepaalde tijd weet te behalen, krijgt hij soms een negatief studieadvies. Als er sprake is van een bindend negatief studieadvies, moet de student met de opleiding stoppen en kan de student zich ook niet opnieuw inschrijven voor dezelfde opleiding van de betreffende onderwijsinstelling.
Schiedam ( uitspraak (info / uitleg)) is een stad en gemeente in de Nederlandse provincie Zuid-Holland. De gemeente maakt deel uit van de Metropoolregio Rotterdam Den Haag.
Hij werd secretaris van de socialistische oud-strijders Ronse en beheerder van de Coöperatieve voor Oorlogsschade. Hij werd ook bestuurder van de lokale maatschappij voor arbeiderswoningen.
Het dier behoort tot het geslacht Dolomedes. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1903 door Mary Agard Pocock.
Phaedrotoma laesa is een insect dat behoort tot de orde vliesvleugeligen (Hymenoptera) en de familie van de schildwespen (Braconidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd door Tobias in 1998.
Kiev (Oekraïens: Киïв, [ˈkɪjiu̯]; Russisch: Киев, [ˈkʲijɪf]; in het Nederlands ook Kiëv) is de hoofdstad en grootste stad van Oekraïne, en telde tijdens de volkstelling van 1 januari 2015, 2.887.974 inwoners. De stad is gelegen aan weerszijden van de rivier de Dnjepr (Oekraïens: Dnipro). Bestuurlijk gezien staat de stad net als Sebastopol op hetzelfde niveau als dat van de oblasten van Oekraïne. Hoewel het er geen onderdeel van vormt, is Kiev ook het bestuurlijk centrum van de Oblast Kiev.
Apanteles caligophagus is een insect dat behoort tot de orde vliesvleugeligen (Hymenoptera) en de familie van de schildwespen (Braconidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd door Blanchard in 1964.
Phaedrotoma sanmiguelensis is een vliesvleugelig insect uit de familie van de schildwespen (Braconidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 2001 door Fischer.
Kenmerkend voor een Power Rangers-serie zijn de kolossale gevechtsmachines waarmee de Rangers reusachtige vijanden bevechten. Deze zords zijn overgenomen van de mecha uit Super Sentai, en komen meestal voor aan het einde van een aflevering.
Hij spande zich ook in voor het kantklossen en organiseerde vanaf 1950 een kantklas in het gemeentelijk onderwijs. Hij stichtte ook de 'Institut Supérieur Plus Oultre', een school voor sociale promotie waar men onder meer het kantklossen aanleert aan meisjes die van overal in België en vanuit het buitenland komen.
De Copa América is eigenlijk een Zuid-Amerikaans voetbaltoernooi maar er worden regelmatig ook landen van buiten dat werelddeel uitgenodigd. Costa Rica werd tot dusver vijf keer uitgenodigd en bereikte twee keer de kwartfinale.
Zij voorzien toegang tot de fundamentele bronnen die voor een Windowssysteem beschikbaar zijn. Enkele voorbeelden zijn bestandssystemen, hardware, processen, threads of error handling. Deze functies bevinden zich in de bestanden kernel.exe, krnl286.exe of krnl386.exe voor een 16 bit-Windows, en het bestand kernel32.dll op 32 bit-Windowsversies.
Verdere expansie van het VAD-busvervoer vond plaats doordat in 1947 de spoorlijn Dieren - Apeldoorn en in 1950 de spoorlijn Apeldoorn - Zwolle werden gesloten. In 1952 kreeg de VAD de concessie van de gemeente Apeldoorn voor het lokale vervoer in die stad. Vanaf 1954 ging de VAD als eerste busdiensten verzorgen in de in 1942 drooggelegde Noordoostpolder, later deel van de nieuwe provincie Flevoland. Deze lijnen gingen in 1959 naar de nieuw opgerichte onderneming Flevodienst te Lelystad. Ook in dat jaar werden de lijnen van Dijkstra's Autobus Dienst (DAB) te Epe overgenomen. In de jaren zestig werd de VAD eigenaar van het touringcarbedrijf Dusseldorp, dat nog een aantal jaren onder die naam bleef rijden.
Iedere speler begint met een paar andere spelers op een klein eiland en bouwt daar een kleine stad die hij daarna moet uitbreiden. Door het uitbreiden van de polis naar een stad worden nieuwe gebouwen en eenheden vrijgespeeld, die de speler kan inzetten in de strijd tegen zijn buren. Later in het spel kan de speler zijn heerschappij uitbreiden door andere steden te veroveren. Door de bouw van een tempel kan tijdens de oorlog de hulp van de goden worden ingeroepen. Er zijn zes goden waaruit de speler kan kiezen en zij hebben ieder verschillende voordelen in de strijd tegen andere spelers. De goden zijn: Zeus, Athene, Hera en Poseidon. Met spelversie 2.0 werd Hades als nieuwe god ingevoerd. In de heldenwereld is Artemis de 6de god die je kan vereren.
Hoekstra was eerder actief in de band Revision, Sander en Jerry Beerens werkten samen in de band Young & Desperate. Beide bands kwamen elkaar geregeld tegen. Nadat Young & Desperate ophield te bestaan namen de drie contact met elkaar op om gezamenlijk een band op te richten. Ook werd toetsenist Viset bij de band betrokken. De band werd op 1 augustus 2011 opgericht in het huis van de familie Beerens.
Een van de verschillen in uitrusting tussen de 'gewone' F/A-18 en de Growler is het ontbreken van raketten aan de vleugeltips. Deze zijn bij de Growler vervangen door ontvangers in gondels (pods) aan de vleugeltips. De overige ophangpunten zijn bestemd voor de andere pods voor elektronische oorlogvoering en voor raketbewapening.
DirectPlay als multiplayer-gaminginfrastructuur. Deze component is verouderd sinds DirectX 9 en Microsoft het gebruik ervan niet meer aanraadt voor gameontwikkeling
Wong studeerde in Nederland aan het Arnhems Conservatorium bij Marjès Benoist en in Zwitserland bij Homero Francesch en Bruno Canino. Hij maakte zijn debuut op de Nederlandse televisie toen hij 12 jaar was met het Pianoconcert nr. 23 KV 488 van Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart met het Radio Filharmonisch Orkest. In 1996 was hij een van de winnaars van het Prinses Christina Concours.
Onder politici en juristen is er discussie over de vraag of beide functies van de RvS, adviseren en rechtspreken, wel goed met elkaar te verenigen zijn binnen één organisatie. De combinatie van beide taken kan immers leiden tot de situatie dat de Raad van State recht moet spreken over zaken waarover hij in een eerder stadium de regering en het parlement heeft geadviseerd. Sommigen vrezen dat deze rechtspraak dan niet meer geheel onafhankelijk zal zijn. In 2010 werd bij een herstructurering van de Wet op de Raad van State de bepaling opgenomen dat een lid van de Afdeling bestuursrechtspraak dat betrokken is geweest bij de totstandkoming van een advies van de Raad niet mag deelnemen aan de behandeling van een geschil over een rechtsvraag waarop dat advies betrekking had. Deze regel werd daarvoor in de praktijk al gehanteerd.
Op 23 oktober 2007 werd Van den Nieuwenhuyzen in Zwitserland gearresteerd op verzoek van de Nederlandse autoriteiten naar aanleiding van mogelijke faillissementsfraude bij vier van zijn voormalige ondernemingen. Op 19 november werd hij aan Nederland uitgeleverd. Een voormalig directeur van enkele van zijn bedrijven en secretaresse werden eveneens gearresteerd. Een week later meldde de Stichting Begaclaim dat zij haar schadeclaim tegen de staat introk. Op 4 december werd het voorarrest met 2 maanden verlengd, maar voor een borg van 10 miljoen euro en inlevering van zijn paspoort werd hij op 11 januari 2008 in afwachting van het onderzoek vrijgelaten.
Vanaf 1929 werd het lijnnet uitgebreid met verbindingen van Ermelo naar Arnhem en Apeldoorn en een lijn Nijkerk – Barneveld. In 1942 werd het traject Nunspeet - Zwolle van de ATO overgenomen, waardoor de dienst Amersfoort – Nunspeet werd gewijzigd in Amersfoort – Zwolle. Ook werden door de VAD vanaf 1942 de lijnen Ermelo – Harderwijk – Apeldoorn en Barneveld – Apeldoorn geëxploiteerd. In 1943 werd de VAD een dochteronderneming van de NS. In en na de Tweede Wereldoorlog vonden verdere uitbreidingen van het lijnennet rond Apeldoorn plaats door inlijving van onder meer de NV Noord-Oost Veluwsche Autobusdiensten (NOVA) en de NV Autobusdienst Apeldoorn-Arnhem (AAA). Na de bevrijding kwam het bedrijf geleidelijk weer op gang. Eind 1946 had men alweer 45 autobussen voor 12 lijnen beschikbaar.
Andrew Jophnston hield vast aan zijn eerste plaats en behaalde zijn eerste overwinning op de Challenge Tour. Op de Challenge Tour Ranking steeg hij naar de 3de plaats. Lafeber steeg naar nummer 53 op de CTR en Remkes kwam op nummer 95.
De Witte was werkzaam bij productiehuis 3Keys, waar hij programma's maakte als Kijk eens op de doos, De Vloek van Vlimovost, De Perfecte Moord, Comedy Casino en SPAM.
Aphthona pygmaea is een keversoort uit de familie bladhaantjes (Chrysomelidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1861 door Kutschera.
Het was de thuishaven van de voetbalclub Umeå FC, die in 1996 de wedstrijden voor de Allsvenskan in het stadion speelde. Het jaar erna degradeerde de voetbalclub weer. Anno 2014 is de T3 Arena de thuishaven van Umeå FC.
Gavin was ereburger van de stad Nijmegen. Op 29 juni 2009 ontving de burgemeester van Nijmegen Thom de Graaf enkele veteranen voor een herdenking bij het bevrijdingsmonument in Groesbeek. Gavin werd door zijn dochter Barbara Fauntleroy Fuller vertegenwoordigd.
Na drie jaren in Douglas en aan de Mexicaanse grens, ging hij naar de United States Army Infantry School in Fort Benning, Georgia. Hij genoot en leerde dat orders kort moeten zijn zodat commandanten zelf over hun opdracht moeten nadenken. Zijn vrouw was ongelukkig in Georgia en besloot in 1932 na de kerstdagen bij haar ouders in Washington D.C. in te trekken. In 1933 werd hun dochter Barbara geboren.
N.W.A. and the Posse was de eerste release van de rapgroep N.W.A. Het is een compilatie van een aantal nummers van N.W.A en nummers van Eazy-E. Het album kreeg een gouden plaat van de RIAA.
Beide onderscheidingen zijn zeer exclusief. Ze worden zelden toegekend. De Florence Nightingale-Medaille wordt alleen aan verpleegsters toegekend.
Met 1,3 gram blijft de Batodonoides nog onder dat van de hommelvleermuis (2,0 gram) en van de wimperspitsmuis (2,5 gram) en is daarmee het kleinste bekende zoogdier dat ooit geleefd heeft.
Circa 70% van de gemeente bestaat uit bos, hetgeen verklaart waarom de bosbouw en houtverwerkende industrie in Gornji Grad een belangrijke inkomstenbron is. Gornji Grad was in de 19e eeuw een kuuroord. Deze toerisme-traditie wordt tegenwoordig weer nieuw leven ingeblazen.
In het voorjaar bloeien er vele stinsenplanten in het park, waaronder in mei het zeldzame Haarlems Klokkenspel. Om de boomgaard en bloementuin loopt een slangenmuur, de langste van West-europa.
Dit boek was echter niet zijn eerste uitgave; hij publiceerde al eerder andere uitgaven, meestal onder het imprint PS, vaak ook als gelegenheidsuitgave (zie hiervoor onderstaande lijst van door hem gedrukte uitgaven). Zijn uitgaven waren, zoals gebruikelijk bij private presses, handgedrukte uitgaven in kleine oplagen van bijzondere teksten, meestal poëzie, die voor grotere oplagen commercieel niet interessant zijn. Daarnaast verschenen van hem uitgaven van bijvoorbeeld Paul van Capelleveen, Peter Coret en Peter Heringa in eerste druk, die later in wél commerciële uitgaven verschenen. In Snijders' uitgaven stonden vaak originele illustraties van zijn hand.
Londen werd op 6 juli 2005 in Singapore door het IOC gekozen als de gastheer voor de Olympische Spelen van 2012. Andere kandidaten waren: Parijs, New York, Madrid en Moskou. In de eerste ronde viel Moskou af, in de tweede ronde New York, in de derde ronde Madrid en ten slotte ook Parijs.
De before-after-methode wordt vaak gecombineerd met de besluitvormingsmethode. Deze methode gaat ervan uit dat degene wiens oorspronkelijke eisen het dichtst bij de uiteindelijke beslissing liggen, de meeste macht heeft uitgeoefend. Nadeel van deze methode is dat oorspronkelijke voorkeuren vaak moeilijk te achterhalen zijn, en dat voorkeuren in de loop der tijd veranderen. Ook worden hierdoor bepaalde vormen van machtsuitoefening, zoals het verhinderen dat er überhaupt een besluit genomen wordt, over het hoofd gezien.
De eerste bewoners van de Genootschapseilanden waren de Polynesiërs, die de archipel vanuit Samoa koloniseerden. Data hiervoor variëren sterk, maar het 1e millennium na Christus lijkt het meest waarschijnlijk. De Europese ontdekking van de Genootschapseilanden vond plaats in 1768 door Samuel Wallis, die ze beschreef en het hoofdeiland Tahiti toen King George Island noemde naar George III, de opdrachtgever en sponsor van zijn wereldreis. Zeven maanden later voer Louis Antoine de Bougainville naar de Genootschapseilanden, niet wetende dat hij op een eilandengroep afvoer die reeds was ontdekt. In 1777 was het James Cook die de eilanden redelijk natuurgetrouw in kaart bracht. In 1843 begon de kolonisering door Frankrijk.
De Raad van State (RvS) is in Nederland een adviesorgaan van de regering en de hoogste bestuursrechter van het land. De Raad van State is in 1531 opgericht door keizer Karel V en is een van de oudste nog bestaande regeringsorganen ter wereld.
Rudņevs debuteerde in november 2008 in het Lets voetbalelftal. Op 7 oktober 2011 scoorde hij zijn eerste doelpunt voor het nationale elftal, tegen Malta.
Toen bekend werd dat Atkins bij overlijden 117 kg woog, concludeerde men dat de dieetgoeroe zelf aan overgewicht leed. Op de dag na zijn ongeval was zijn gewicht echter vastgesteld op 88,5 kg. Met een lengte van 1,82 m had hij dus een body mass index (BMI) van 26,7, wat voor mensen ouder dan 65 redelijk normaal is.
Vanwege de slechte weersomstandigheden werd de afdaling van het Alpineskiën voor mannen uitgesteld van 13 februari naar 15 februari. De andere onderdelen konden wel doorgang vinden.
Vallourec is een Frans multinationaal bedrijf met zetel in de Parijse voorstad Boulogne-Billancourt. Het produceert producten uit staal, in het bijzonder buizen, pijpleidingen en voertuigonderdelen. Vallourec levert hoofdzakelijk aan bedrijven in de energiesector, de petroleum- en gasindustrie en de petrochemie, waaronder buizen voor onshore- en offshore-boringen en voor de nucleaire industrie. Daarnaast ook buizen voor mechanische constructies zoals kranen en voor de bouw van bruggen, stadions en fabrieksgebouwen. Vallourec leverde bijvoorbeeld ongeveer 1.000 ton holle buizen voor de bouw van het Soccer City stadion in Johannesburg voor het wereldkampioenschap voetbal van 2010.
Op dag 12 werd de 5000 meter voor vrouwen gewonnen door de Tsjechische Martina Sáblíková, die werd gezien als favoriet voor de titel. De relay voor vrouwen van het shorttracken werd gewonnen door het Chinese team, bestaande uit Sun Linlin, Wang Meng, Zhang Hui en Zhou Yang. De ploeg zette een nieuw wereldrecord neer. De Australische freestyleskiester Lydia Lassila won het onderdeel aerials voor vrouwen. Het Canadese duo Kaillie Humphries en Heather Moyse waren het snelst op de tweemansbob voor vrouwen. Ze verbraken tijdens hun eerste drie runs driemaal het baanrecord. Het Zweedse team won de estafette van het langlaufen. Daniel Richardsson, Johan Olsson, Anders Södergren en Marcus Hellner kregen de gouden plak omgehangen.
Na de dood van de verstoten koningin Maria-Hendrika (19 september 1902), konden de geliefden zich grotere toenadering permitteren. Leopold bracht Blanche onder in de Villa Vanderborght, vlak bij het Kasteel van Laken. In Oostende liet hij, om zijn Très Belle discreet te kunnen bezoeken, een tunnel aanleggen onder de Parijsstraat, tussen de Venetiaanse Gaanderijen, een deel van zijn Koninklijke Villa en haar Villa Caroline. Na zijn dood liet Albert I, Leopolds opvolger, deze gang onmiddellijk dichtmetselen en instorten.
De Akkermolen aan de Akkermolenweg in Zundert is een open standerdmolen. De molen stamt uit 1625 en staat op een plaats waar al sinds ca. 1550 een windmolen staat. de eerste molen op deze plek verving een watermolen die tussen Zundert-Nassau en Zundert-Hertog stond. Het was een dwangmolen die eigendom was van de markies van Bergen op Zoom. In 1794 werd stadhouder Willem V, als Baron van Breda, eigenaar. In 1830, na afschaffing van de molendwang, werd de molen particulier eigendom.
Op zaterdag 7 oktober 2017 plaatste Costa Rica zich voor de vijfde keer voor de WK-eindronde. De ploeg speelde die dag in eigen huis met 1-1 gelijk tegen Honduras. Een kopbal van Kendall Watson diep in blessuretijd betekende dat de ploeg van bondscoach Óscar Ramírez zich kon opmaken voor deelname aan het WK voetbal 2018 in Rusland.
Het Naval Air Systems Command PMA-265 is de contracterende instantie van de marine. De firma Boeing is verantwoordelijk voor de bouw en integratie van de wapensystemen-integreerder en leidt ook het industriële team. De firma Northrop Grumman is verantwoordelijk voor de uitvoering van alle luchtmobiele elektronische aanvalscomponenten. De feitelijke fabricage gebeurt in fabrieken van de firma’s Boeing, Northrop/Grumman, General Electric en Raytheon.
Génelard - La Genête - Genouilly - Gergy - Germagny - Germolles-sur-Grosne - Gibles - Gigny-sur-Saône - Gilly-sur-Loire - Givry - Gourdon - La Grande-Verrière - Grandvaux - Granges - Grevilly - Grury - Guerfand - Les Guerreaux - Gueugnon - La Guiche
De taken van de Raad van State zijn vastgelegd in artikel 73 - 75 van de Nederlandse Grondwet en in de Wet op de Raad van State. Zijn functie is tweeledig:
In één installatie van Ingres Database kunnen verschillende databases aanwezig zijn, die ook simultaan kunnen worden gebruikt. Dit aantal kan gelimiteerd worden in de configuratie van de server. Deze databases zijn niet beperkt in groei; ze mogen groter worden totdat de harde schijf waar de installatie zich bevindt vol raakt. De installatie zelf maakt ook gebruik van databases om zichzelf te configureren.
Bode Miller, een Amerikaanse alpineskiër, werd winnaar op het onderdeel combinatie voor de mannen. Bij het biatlon wonnen de Rus Jevgeni Oestjoegov en de Duitse Magdalena Neuner op de onderdelen massastart mannen en massastart vrouwen. Het Duitse duo André Lange en Kevin Kuske kregen de gouden medaille voor de tweemansbob bij het bobsleeën in bezit. Bij het freestyleskiën, op het onderdeel ski cross, won de Zwitser Michael Schmid. De Canadees Christopher Del Bosco, die een lange tijd afstevende op een bronzen plak, kwam vlak voor de finish ten val en moest toezien hoe de Noor Audun Grønvold derde werd. Evenals één dag eerder wordt de 1500 meter (ditmaal voor vrouwen) gewonnen door een Nederlander, Ireen Wüst won met een tijd van 1.56,89.
Rhozale silvestriella is een vlinder uit de familie van de sikkelmotten (Oecophoridae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1956 door Viette.
Avressieux is een gemeente in het Franse departement Savoie (regio Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes) en telt 431 inwoners (2004). De plaats maakt deel uit van het arrondissement Chambéry.
Sinds Power Rangers: In Space krijgt de rode Ranger van elk team halverwege de serie een speciale power-up, vaak battlizer genoemd. Deze komen in de Japanse versie niet voor. Enige uitzondering is de battlizer uit Power Rangers: SPD, die door Toei werd overgenomen voor de Dekaranger vs. Magiranger team-up. Alleen Power Rangers: Jungle Fury brak met deze traditie.
Bij de volkstelling in 2000 werd het aantal inwoners vastgesteld op 231. In 2006 is het aantal inwoners door het United States Census Bureau geschat op 269, een stijging van 38 (16.5%).
De acteurs die het langste meegingen en in de meeste afleveringen voorkwamen als niet-Rangerpersonages, waren Paul Schrier en Jason Narvy, in hun rollen als Bulk en Skull. Ze waren samen in totaal 6 jaar in de serie te zien in zo'n 250 tot 300 afleveringen en beide films. Jason Narvy hield er na seizoen 6 (1998) mee op (hoewel hij nog een kleine verschijning van een paar seconden had in de eerste aflevering van Lost Galaxy), maar Paul Schrier deed ook mee in seizoen 7 (1999). Verder kwamen ze beiden nog eens terug voor de speciale reünie-aflevering Forever Red, in seizoen 10 (2002).
Mesophryxus ventralis is een pissebed uit de familie Bopyridae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1973 door Bruce.
Hij overleed in 1990 op 82-jarige leeftijd in een verpleeghuis in Baltimore aan complicaties van de ziekte van Parkinson en werd begraven bij de Old Chapel in West Point.
Snijders, Paul. Jhr. J.H. Ram. Indirect licht op Louis Couperus. Deventer, PS [= Paul Snijders], 1983. (2), 22 p. [Geïllustreerd. Met de hand gezet en gedrukt door Paul Snijders in een oplage van 55 genummerde exemplaren.]
Wolfgang Petersen (Emden, 14 maart 1941) is een Duits filmregisseur. Hij is vooral bekend geworden door de film Das Boot, over de Duitse U-boot U-96.
2: Groot-kronig; 1 bloem per steel. De trompet is langer dan 1/3 van de lengte van de bloemblaadjes maar niet langer dan de bloemblaadjes zelf.
Tijdens de Olympische Winterspelen van 2010 wordt er gesport in zeven takken van sport. In vijftien disciplines staan 86 onderdelen op het programma.
Die drie factoren versterkten het leiderschap van Khara Khula in zijn streven de Oirats onder één leiding te brengen. Het resultaat ten opzichte van de Russen was dat groepen die zich op Russisch grondgebied hadden mogen vestigen hun plichten ten aanzien van belastingbetaling niet meer nakwamen en in plaats daarvan in toenemende mate plundertochten in Siberië ondernamen.
Alle narcissensoorten bevatten het uiterst giftige alkaloide lycorine, voornamelijk in de bol maar ook in het blad. Grazend vee mijdt daarom de narcis en in kaalgegraasde weides kan men dan ook vaak uitbundige bossen bloeiende narcissen zien staan.
People Like Us is een Amerikaanse dramafilm uit 2012 van regisseur Alex Kurtzman met Chris Pine en Elizabeth Banks in de hoofdrollen. Voor Kurtzman, die ook meeschreef aan het scenario, was het zijn regiedebuut. De film werd het eerst vertoont op het Filmfestival van Los Angeles in juni 2012. Hij presteerde vervolgens ondermaats in de bioscopen, waar slechts drie kwart van het productiebudget werd terugverdiend. Ook de meningen waren verdeeld. Bij Rotten Tomatoes haalt de film 55%, bij Metacritic 49%.
Met de nieuwe dienstregeling van juni 1947 ging de VAD op last van de Commissie Vergunningen Personenvervoer ook op zondagen rijden. Het niet respecteren van de zondagsheiliging leidde tot Kamervragen van het SGP-Tweede Kamerlid C.N. van Dis sr. In de gemeenteraden van Putten en Barneveld werd serieus gedebatteerd over de vraag of de toegang tot de gemeentelijke wegen op zondag aan de bussen moest worden ontzegd.
Neodrypta is een geslacht van kevers uit de familie van de loopkevers (Carabidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van het geslacht is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1960 door Basilewsky.
Elymnias mela is een vlinder uit de onderfamilie Satyrinae van de familie Nymphalidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1902 door Lionel de Nicéville.
Serixia atritarsis is een keversoort uit de familie van de boktorren (Cerambycidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1929 door Pic.
De Vereniging Hendrick de Keyser, opgericht in 1918 is genoemd naar Hendrick de Keyser. Dit is een Nederlandse vereniging tot behoud van architectonisch of historisch waardevolle huizen in Nederland.
Haakjes maken een eenheid van het patroon waar ze omheen staan, bijvoorbeeld “(va|moe)der” is hetzelfde als “vader|moeder” en “(groot)?vader” herkent zowel “vader” als “grootvader”.
Argyria pictella is een vlinder uit de familie van de grasmotten (Crambidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1922 door Schaus.
Al deze gebeurtenissen verstoorden het vervoer van goederen op de handelsroutes tussen Rusland en een aantal islamitische stadstaten van Centraal-Azië ten noorden van Perzië en (het huidige) Afghanistan. Nog in 1633 zond het khanaat van Kiva vertegenwoordigers naar Moskou om gezamenlijke actie voor te stellen tegen Khara Khula. In dat jaar waren de relaties tussen Rusland en Khara Khula echter al aanzienlijk verbeterd. Het was Khara Khula duidelijk geworden,dat er meer te winnen viel met handel met Siberische grenssteden dan met die te plunderen. Er werden overeenkomsten gesloten inzake het uitwisselen van gevangenen. De Russen weigerden dus in te gaan op de voorstellen van die vertegenwoordigers.
In 2012 zette hij het project Swiss Piano op, waarin pianowerk van hedendaagse Zwitserse componisten uitgevoerd wordt. Het project resulteerde onder andere in een cd met nieuw (aan Wong opgedragen) werk van Daniel Füter, Hans Ulrich Lehmann, Laurent Mettraux, Isabel Mundry, Jürg Wyttenbach, Gérard Zinsstag en Alfred Zimmerlin.
Hoewel Power Rangers sinds 2002 wordt opgenomen in Nieuw-Zeeland, is de serie daar vrijwel nooit op tv vertoond. Alleen in 1993 werd Power Rangers even uitgezonden in Nieuw-Zeeland, maar de Broadcasting Standards Authority vond de serie te gewelddadig.
Er is naar Adam Mickiewicz een prijs vernoemd die sedert 2006 wordt uitgereikt door de Weimardriehoek, die de Pools-Duits-Franse samenwerking propageert.
Blauw: een van de drie primaire kleuren. Blauwe Rangers komen in elk seizoen voor, en zijn altijd lid van het hoofdteam. Een blauwe Ranger kan zowel een man als een vrouw zijn, maar mannelijke blauwe Rangers zijn in de meerderheid. Mannelijke blauwe Rangers dragen over het algemeen een donkerdere tint blauw dan vrouwelijke blauwe Rangers. De blauwe ranger is meestal de co-leider van het team, en een van de slimste teamleden.
TfL heeft een kabelbaan laten bouwen over de Theems. Het project kostte 25 miljoen Pond, en heeft een capaciteit van circa 2.500 passagiers per uur. De kabelbaan kruist de Theems tussen Greenwich Peninsula en de Royal Docks. Met de kabelbaan is de reistijd tussen de evenementen in de O2 arena en het ExCel exhibition centre verkort. De kabelbaan wordt geëxploiteerd onder de naam Emirates Air Line.
Een bombarde (van het Grieks bombos: gedreun, geraas) of pothond is een belegeringswapen dat voor het eerst, in het Westen, in de 14e eeuw wordt gebruikt. Het heeft de vorm van een holle cilinder die erg op een langwerpige ton verstevigd met ijzeren hoepels lijkt; de bombarde wordt geladen via de loop. Later worden dergelijke wapens kanon genoemd.
Rond het jaar 1720 werd het huis ingrijpend verbouwd. Na 1720 werd mr. Wigbold Slicher de nieuwe eigenaar van de buitenplaats. Dirk van der Meer verbouwde en verfraaide de buitenplaats rond 1730 nogmaals. De weduwe van Van der Meer, Debora Elias, heeft omstreeks 1741 en 1742 aan tuinarchitect Adriaan Speelman de opdracht gegeven voor de aanleg van een nieuwe tuin met een grotere parterre. In 1767 verkocht Elias de buitenplaats aan mr. David van Lennep, die het huis verder uitbreidde. Een aantal stijlkamers werd onder meer versierd met beschilderd behang met arcadische voorstellingen, vervaardigd door de behangschilder Jurriaen Andriessen. Van Lennep trouwde met Maria Machteld van Sypesteyn.
De fakkeltocht van de Olympische Winterspelen 2010 ging op 30 oktober 2009 van start in de Griekse stad Olympia en werd ontstoken door de Griekse actrice Maria Nafpliotou. De fakkeltocht is met 106 dagen, 1036 deelnemende steden en 12.000 lopers de langste binnenlandse fakkeltocht in de olympische geschiedenis.
Sagy - Saillenard - Sailly - Saint-Agnan - Saint-Albain - Saint-Ambreuil - Saint-Amour-Bellevue - Saint-André-en-Bresse - Saint-André-le-Désert - Saint-Aubin-en-Charollais - Saint-Aubin-sur-Loire - Saint-Berain-sous-Sanvignes - Saint-Bérain-sur-Dheune - Saint-Boil - Saint-Bonnet-de-Cray - Saint-Bonnet-de-Joux - Saint-Bonnet-de-Vieille-Vigne - Saint-Bonnet-en-Bresse - Sainte-Cécile - Saint-Christophe-en-Bresse - Saint-Christophe-en-Brionnais - Saint-Clément-sur-Guye - Sainte-Croix - Saint-Cyr - Saint-Denis-de-Vaux - Saint-Désert - Saint-Didier-en-Bresse - Saint-Didier-en-Brionnais - Saint-Didier-sur-Arroux - Saint-Edmond - Saint-Émiland - Saint-Étienne-en-Bresse - Saint-Eugène - Saint-Eusèbe - Saint-Firmin - Saint-Forgeot - Sainte-Foy - Saint-Gengoux-de-Scissé - Saint-Gengoux-le-National - Saint-Germain-du-Bois - Saint-Germain-du-Plain - Saint-Germain-en-Brionnais - Saint-Germain-lès-Buxy - Saint-Gervais-en-Vallière - Saint-Gervais-sur-Couches - Saint-Gilles - Sainte-Hélène - Saint-Huruge - Saint-Igny-de-Roche - Saint-Jean-de-Vaux - Saint-Jean-de-Trézy - Saint-Julien-de-Civry - Saint-Julien-de-Jonzy - Saint-Julien-sur-Dheune - Saint-Laurent-d'Andenay - Saint-Laurent-en-Brionnais - Saint-Léger-du-Bois - Saint-Léger-lès-Paray - Saint-Léger-sous-Beuvray - Saint-Léger-sous-la-Bussière - Saint-Léger-sur-Dheune - Saint-Loup-Géanges - Saint-Loup-de-Varennes - Saint-Marcel - Saint-Marcelin-de-Cray - Saint-Mard-de-Vaux - Saint-Martin-Belle-Roche - Saint-Martin-d'Auxy - Saint-Martin-de-Commune - Saint-Martin-de-Lixy - Saint-Martin-de-Salencey - Saint-Martin-du-Lac - Saint-Martin-du-Mont - Saint-Martin-du-Tartre - Saint-Martin-en-Bresse - Saint-Martin-en-Gâtinois - Saint-Martin-la-Patrouille - Saint-Martin-sous-Montaigu - Saint-Maurice-de-Satonnay - Saint-Maurice-des-Champs - Saint-Maurice-en-Rivière - Saint-Maurice-lès-Châteauneuf - Saint-Maurice-lès-Couches - Saint-Micaud - Saint-Nizier-sur-Arroux - Saint-Pierre-de-Varennes - Saint-Pierre-le-Vieux - Saint-Point - Saint-Privé - Saint-Prix - Saint-Racho - Sainte-Radegonde - Saint-Rémy - Saint-Romain-sous-Gourdon - Saint-Romain-sous-Versigny - Saint-Sernin-du-Bois - Saint-Sernin-du-Plain - Saint-Symphorien-d'Ancelles - Saint-Symphorien-de-Marmagne - Saint-Symphorien-des-Bois - Saint-Usuge - Saint-Vallerin - Saint-Vallier - Saint-Vérand - Saint-Vincent-des-Prés - Saint-Vincent-en-Bresse - Saint-Vincent-Bragny - Saint-Yan - Saint-Ythaire - Saisy - La Salle - Salornay-sur-Guye - Sampigny-lès-Maranges - Sancé - Santilly - Sanvignes-les-Mines - Sarry - Sassangy - Sassenay - Saules - Saunières - Savianges - Savigny-en-Revermont - Savigny-sur-Grosne - Savigny-sur-Seille - Semur-en-Brionnais - Sennecey-le-Grand - Senozan - Sens-sur-Seille - Sercy - Serley - Sermesse - Serrières - Serrigny-en-Bresse - Sevrey - Sigy-le-Châtel - Simandre - Simard - Sivignon - Sologny - Solutré-Pouilly - Sommant - Sornay - Suin - Sully
De constructie bestaat uit lichte, uit aluminiumlegering bestaande vleugels waarin meerdere versterkingen en zeer lichte, sterke, uit grafiet en epoxy gemaakte panelen en luiken zijn aangebracht. De fabrikant Northrop/Grumman levert het achterdeel en het centrale deel van het toestel en de firma EADS/CASA structurele componenten zoals panelen voor de achterzijde, de horizontale staartvlakken, flaps, hoogte en richtingsroeren en de luchtremmen.
Euryproctus arbustorum is een insect dat behoort tot de orde vliesvleugeligen (Hymenoptera) en de familie van de gewone sluipwespen (Ichneumonidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd door Holmgren in 1857.
De 10 kilometer voor mannen werd, na de diskwalificatie van favoriet Sven Kramer, door de Koreaan Lee Seung-Hoon gewonnen met een nieuw olympisch record. Kramer, die een snellere tijd leek te gaan realiseren, werd gediskwalificeerd vanwege een fout bij het wisselen van de baan. Hierdoor kreeg de Rus Ivan Skobrev de zilveren medaille om zijn nek gehangen en de Nederlander Bob de Jong de bronzen. De ski cross van de dames werd gewonnen door de Canadese Ashleigh McIvor. De Zwitser Carlo Janka verdiende de gouden plak op de reuzenslalom van het alpineskiën. Het onderdeel estafette vrouwen van het biatlon werd door de Russinnen gewonnen, Svetlana Sleptsova, Anna Bogali-Titovets, Olga Medvedtseva en Olga Zajtseva kregen de gouden medaille omgehangen. De landenwedstrijd bij de noordse combinatie werd door het Oostenrijkse team gewonnen, dat bestond uit Bernhard Gruber, David Kreiner, Felix Gottwald en Mario Stecher.
Defiance is een actierollenspel in het genre MMOG dat werd ontwikkeld door Trion Worlds en uitkwam in 2013. Het spel vindt plaats op een terragevormde aarde in de toekomst, en is uitgekomen voor Windows, PlayStation 3, en Xbox 360. Het kwam ook uit op Steam.
Cnephasia tyrrhaenica is een vlinder uit de familie van de bladrollers (Tortricidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1951 door Amsel.
Omdat hij fel tegen de aanwezigheid van het Amerikaanse leger in Vietnam was, werd Gavin in 1968 voorgedragen als presidentskandidaat, maar hij stelde zich niet beschikbaar.
Aclista striata is een vliesvleugelig insect uit de familie van de Diapriidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1909 door Kieffer.
Na de middelbare school werkte Gordon hard aan haar muziekcarrière. Ze had verschillende baantjes en ondertussen werkte ze 's nachts in de studio. Gedurende deze tijd ontmoette Gordon haar manager, Keith White die haar bij Don Pooh bij Atlantic Records introduceerde. Sinds 2004 werkte Gordon nauw samen met producer D'mile. Samen met hem kwam ze met haar eerste nummer naar roem, "Gonna Breaktrough", geschreven door Wynter Gordon en geproduceerd door D'mile. Het nummer werd gebruikt als titeltrack voor het album van Mary J. Blige uit 2005: The Breakthrough. Kort daarna kreeg Gordon de gelegenheid om een contract te tekenen bij Atlantic Records, via Don Poeh Music Group, waar ze aan haar debuutalbum ging werken. Gordon schreef in 2008 daarnaast nog twee nummers voor Danity Kane's tweede album: Welcome to the Dollhouse.
Frieseomelitta dispar is een vliesvleugelig insect uit de familie bijen en hommels (Apidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1950 door Moure.
Neritos cyclopera is een beervlinder uit de familie van de spinneruilen (Erebidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1905 door Hampson.
Ampelsari is een plaats in het bestuurlijke gebied Banjarnegara in de provincie Midden-Java, Indonesië. Het dorp telt 4238 inwoners (volkstelling 2010).
De vier coaches waren tijdens het tweede seizoen opnieuw Alex Callier, Jasper Steverlinck, Koen Wauters en Natalia Druyts. Half oktober werd de online auditietool afgesloten. Op 22 oktober 2012 startten de opnames van de blind auditions. De finale werd gewonnen door Paulien Mathues.
Colf werd in de Middeleeuwen vooral in de stad gespeeld, vaak op de toen nog veel legere kerkhoven. Ongelukken met laagvliegende ballen en schade aan huizen en kerken zorgden ervoor dat de meeste steden het spelen van colf met ordonnanties en plakkaten binnen de stad verboden. Vanaf de 16e eeuw werd het spelen van colf in de winter, op het ijs, steeds populairder, zelfs populairder dan voetbal vandaag de dag. Aan het eind van de 17e eeuw verdween de colfsport plotseling. In plaats van de lange-afstandsversie werd de kortebaanvariant populair. Hierbij was het de bedoeling om op een baan van ongeveer 20 meter lengte bij het slaan een paal te raken die aan het einde van de baan was opgesteld. Ook de modernere vorm, meestal als Kolf met een "K" aangeduid, verloor aan populariteit. Kolf wordt heden ten dage voornamelijk nog in West-Friesland gespeeld, maar ook het St. Eloyen Gasthuis in Utrecht kent nog een baan uit 1730 die nog wekelijks wordt bespeeld.
Ze werd in 1953 gebouwd, veel later dan haar broer Lange Jan, die in de jaren 1937/38 werd opgetrokken. De schoorsteen had een bakstenen binnenwand, deze was door middel van een isolatielaag gescheiden van de betonnen buitenwand. Bij de bouw zijn bijna 2000 kubieke meters gewapend beton gebruikt, en ruim 700 kubieke meter metselwerk. De 5600 ton zware schoorsteen had aan de voet een middellijn van 12,28 meter, bij de top bedroeg de doorsnede 7,12 meter. De pijp was met een hoogte van 155 meter circa 20 meter langer dan Lange Jan. Het was, gedurende een bepaalde periode, de hoogste van beton gebouwde schoorsteen ter wereld. Beide schoorstenen waren het symbool voor Heerlen als stad van mijnwerkers.
Metabolisering gebeurt NIET door het CYP450 tot nagenoeg onwerkzame metabolieten. Pravastatine wordt dus niet gemetaboliseerd door het cytochroom P450 systeem in een klinisch significante mate. Daarom kunnen substraten of remmers van het cytochroom P450 systeem worden toegevoegd aan een stabiel pravastatine regime zonder veroorzaking van significante veranderingen van de plasmaspiegels van pravastatine, zoals WEL bij andere statines is vastgesteld.
De B6 begint in Bremerhaven en loopt langs de steden Bremen, Nienburg, Neustadt am Rübenberge, Garbsen, Hannover, Laatzen, Hildesheim, Goslar, Aschersleben, Halle, Leipzig, Meißen, Dresden en Bautzen naar Görlitz bij de Poolse grens. De B6 is ongeveer 503 km lang.
Het San Marinees voetbalelftal kent twee profvoetballers: doelman Aldo Simoncini was derde doelman bij Serie A-club AC Cesena en speelt nu voor AC Libertas. Aanvaller en aanvoerder Andy Selva speelde veel wedstrijden in zowel de Serie A als de Serie B. Zijn laatste club was Hellas Verona. Daarmee promoveerde hij naar de Serie B. Omdat die club zijn selectie wilde verjongen, werd zijn contract ontbonden. De topscorer en sterspeler van San Marino speelt anno 2016 bij La Fiorita.
Sthenelais neoleanirae is een borstelworm uit de familie Sigalionidae. Het lichaam van de worm bestaat uit een kop, een cilindrisch, gesegmenteerd lichaam en een staartstukje. De kop bestaat uit een prostomium (gedeelte voor de mondopening) en een peristomium (gedeelte rond de mond) en draagt gepaarde aanhangsels (palpen, antennen en cirri).
Armenia and the Crusades, Tenth to Twelfth Centuries: The Chronicle of Matthew of Edessa. in het Engels vertaald door Ara Edmond Dostourian. National Association for Armenian Studies and Research, 1993.
De meeste culturele voorzieningen in Schiedam bevinden zich in de binnenstad. Zo is er het Stedelijk Museum Schiedam, bekend om haar grote collectie CoBrA-kunst, het Nationaal Jenevermuseum waar nog regelmatig gestookt wordt en Museummolen de Nieuwe Palmboom waar nog gedraaid en gemalen wordt. Inmiddels wordt er gewerkt aan een nieuwe Museummolen in molen De Walvisch. Naar verwachting wordt het museum in 2018 opgeleverd. Andere musea zijn de Nationaal Coöperatie Museum Schiedam / 't Winkeltje en het Borrelmuseum.
In maart 1375 kreeg Jehan le Mercier, een van de raadslieden van de Franse koning Karel V de opdracht om een grand canon de fer te fabriceren. Op het marktplein van Caen liet hij drie smederijen bouwen. Men gebruikte 2.300 pond ijzer. De loop van de bombarde bestaat uit langwerpige ijzeren banen die aan elkaar worden gesmeed; het geheel wordt versterkt met ijzeren banden. Het wapen wordt met 90 pond touw stevig vastgebonden en ingepakt in aan elkaar genaaide huiden ter bescherming tegen regen en vocht.
Van 1966 tot 1968 voerde Frankrijk kernproeven uit op het atol Mururoa en zorgde daardoor voor veel onherstelbare schade aan het omringende waterleven. Nog steeds worden aan toeristen joodtabletten uitgedeeld, aangezien de vis die in restaurants op de eilanden wordt verkocht nog steeds schadelijk kan zijn voor de gezondheid door de radioactiviteit, die in de vissen is achtergebleven.
Een component van de Windows API die toepassingen zowel toelaat om de functionaliteit die de shell van het besturingssysteem biedt aan te spreken als ze veranderen en verbeteren. Dit onderdeel bevindt zich in shell.dll op een 16 bit-Windowsversie, en in shell32.dll op een 32 bit-Windows. De Shell Lightweight Utility Functions zitten in het bestand shlwapi.dll. Deze component wordt ook gegroepeerd onder de User Interface-categorie van de API.
Op de dvd van Prison Break laat hij weten dat hij oorspronkelijk auditie had gedaan voor de rol van T-Bag, die nu door Robert Knepper wordt gespeeld.
Geel: een van de drie primaire kleuren. Gele rangers komen in elk seizoen voor behalve in Power rangers Dino Charge en Power rangers Super Dino Charge, en zijn altijd lid van het hoofdteam. Een gele Ranger kan zowel een man als een vrouw zijn, maar vrouwelijke gele Rangers zijn in de meerderheid. De gele Ranger heeft niet echt een specifieke rol in het team, behalve Taylor uit Power Rangers: Wild Force (zij was de teamleider voordat Cole, de rode Ranger, kwam). Gele Rangers vechten meestal met een set kleine handwapens zoals dolken.
In 2016 ging hij naast zijn werk voor PSV Bert van Marwijk assisteren als videoanalist bij het Saoedi-Arabisch voetbalelftal in een staf waarin ook Adrie Koster, Mark van Bommel, Pim Verbeek, Taco van de Velde en Roel Coumans onderdeel van uitmaakten. Op dinsdag 5 september 2017 plaatste Wim Rip zich met Saoedi-Arabisch voetbalelftal voor het WK 2018 in Rusland door een 1-0 overwinning op Japan in Jeddah. Het land wist verrassend tweede te eindigen in de WK 2018 kwalificatie poule, met onder andere het Japans voetbalelftal en het Australisch voetbalelftal. Kort hierna stuurde de Saudische voetbalbond echter aan een op vertrek van Van Marwijk. Een deel van zijn staf werd vervangen en de bond ging andere eisen stellen aan deinvulling van het bondscoachschap. Nadat de onderhandelingen stuk liepen, stelde Hierop stelde de bond op 14 september Edgardo Bauza aan als opvolger, waarmee ook de functie van Rip kwam te vervallen.
The Voice van Vlaanderen is een talentenjacht die uitgezonden wordt op VTM. Het programma wordt gepresenteerd door An Lemmens en backstage door Sean Dhondt (seizoen 1, 2, 3 en 5) en Sam De Bruyn (seizoen 4). De eerste editie werd uitgezonden tussen 25 november 2011 en 17 maart 2012 en werd gewonnen door Glenn Claes. Het programma won in 2012 de Vlaamse Televisie Ster in de categorie beste entertainmentprogramma. Het tweede seizoen van The Voice werd uitgezonden tussen 18 januari 2013 en 3 mei 2013 en gewonnen door Paulien Mathues. Het eerste, tweede en derde seizoen werden uitgezonden vanuit de televisiestudio's te Lint, maar omdat deze niet beschikbaar waren tijdens het vierde seizoen werden de liveshows toen georganiseerd in het Kuipke in Gent.
Eigenlijk is Grepolis het nieuwe Tribal Wars. Grepolis heeft een verbeterde grafische vormgeving en nieuwe systemen. Wat bij Tribal Wars een stam is, is bij Grepolis nu een alliantie die echter dezelfde functie heeft. Grafisch gezien is Grepolis verbeterd en ook het menu bevat meer animaties dan bij Tribal Wars. Bovendien zijn er bij Grepolis nu goden en bijvoorbeeld een haven, die later in het spel heel belangrijk wordt bij het veroveren of ondersteunen van andere steden of dorpen. Er bestaan ook zogenaamde boerendorpen waar de spelers bijvoorbeeld grondstoffen buit kunnen maken ("farmen" bij Tribal Wars). De gebouwen die de spelers kunnen bouwen zijn: senaat (hoofdgebouw), houthakkerskamp, steengroeve, zilvermijn, boerderij, pakhuis, academie, kazerne, agora, tempel, haven, grot en de marktplaats. De speciale gebouwen in de eerste groep zijn: theater, badhuis, bibliotheek en de vuurtoren. De speciale gebouwen in de tweede groep zijn: toren, goddelijk standbeeld, orakel en het handelskantoor. Van iedere groep speciale gebouwen kan er steeds maar één gebouw worden gebouwd (dat wil zeggen dat er in totaal steeds twee speciale gebouwen gebouwd kunnen worden). Nieuw zijn vooral de mythische eenheden (2 per god beschikbaar) en schepen (waaronder aanvalsschepen, transportschepen en het kolonisatieschip). De spelers hebben het kolonisatieschip nodig om een stad te veroveren of een vrij land te koloniseren (bij Tribal Wars heet dit "veroveren").
Gedragswijzigingen zijn nooit exact te bepalen. Het is haast onmogelijk om vast te stellen wat de reactor had gedaan als de actor géén macht had uitgeoefend. Misschien had hij zijn gedrag dan wel op dezelfde wijze veranderd. Het meten van gedragswijzigingen komt dus neer op het doen van schattingen in termen van waarschijnlijkheid.
Op 17 september was Gavin commandant van de 82ste Airborne Divisie tijdens Operatie Market Garden. Zijn opdracht was de Maasbrug in Grave te bezetten, en minstens één van de vier bruggen over het Maas-Waalkanaal en de brug over de Waal in Nijmegen. Bij de landing beschadigde hij twee tussenwervelschijven, maar de dokter zei dat er niets aan de hand was, dus hij liep ermee door. Pas vijf jaar later werd de schade vastgesteld.
Phryganopteryx rectangulata is een vlinder uit de familie spinneruilen (Erebidae), onderfamilie beervlinders (Arctiinae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1914 door Kenrick.
Wenceslaus III, de zoon uit het eerste huwelijk van Wenceslaus II, werd vervolgens de nieuwe koning van Polen en Bohemen. In augustus 1306 werd Wenceslaus III vermoord, waarna het in Bohemen tot chaotische toestanden en een machtsstrijd kwam. Uiteindelijk bezette Rooms-Duits koning Albrecht I van Habsburg Bohemen en gaf hij het in leen aan zijn zoon Rudolf, die eveneens hertog van Oostenrijk en Stiermarken was. Opdat de Boheemse adel Rudolf als koning zou aanvaarden, werd hij uitgehuwelijkt aan Richezza.
Halorhadinus sawadai is een keversoort uit de familie van de kortschildkevers (Staphylinidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 2009 door Maruyama & Hayashi.
Diddersgoed is een natuurtuin in Veenendaal-West op de hoek Ruisseveen/Goudvink. Op deze locatie midden in de woonwijk lagen in de zestiende eeuw de zogenaamde Diddersgoederen, stukken veengrond tussen het Ruisseveen en de Grift.
Nadat de RvS advies heeft uitgebracht, wordt dit aan het desbetreffende ministerie gezonden. Het advies is op dat moment nog niet openbaar. De minister heeft dan de mogelijkheid om zijn mening over het advies te geven in het zogeheten “Nader rapport” aan de koning. Daarbij worden eventuele wijzigingen aangebracht. In de laatste drie gevallen dienen het wetsvoorstel en het nader rapport tevens ter toetsing te worden voorgelegd aan het Ministerie van Justitie en vervolgens ook nog opnieuw het ministerraadscircuit te doorlopen.
In Delft herbouwde hij het in 1618 afgebrande Delftse stadhuis, waarvan alleen de middeleeuwse toren was overgebleven. Dit is een mooi voorbeeld van de Hollandse renaissancestijl. Ook de hervormde kerk in Middenbeemster in de toen net leeggemalen droogmakerij de Beemster is van De Keyser. In Deventer stond de Bergpoort waar De Keyser ook nog aan meegewerkt zou hebben. Deze poort staat tegenwoordig in de tuin van het Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam.
Resolutie 221 van de Veiligheidsraad van de Verenigde Naties was de tweede resolutie van 1966 die door de leden van de VN-Veiligheidsraad werd aangenomen. Dat gebeurde op de 1277e vergadering van de Raad op 9 april. Bulgarije, Frankrijk, Mali, de Sovjet-Unie en Uruguay onthielden zich van stemming.
Bij installatie zal een instantienaam en een aantal poortnummers worden bepaald. De instantienaam bestaat uit twee tekens en moet beginnen met een letter. Deze code zal gebruikt worden om te berekenen op welke poorten de Ingres Servers zal luisteren. Standaard zal er gebruikgemaakt worden van de de code 'll', welke zal luisteren naar de poorten 21064 tot 21071.
Meer en Paul Snijders, Theo van der, ' 'Ernstige moraliteits-toestanden in de residentie'. Een 'whodunnit' over het Haagse zedenschandaal van 1920', in: Pro memorie. Bijdragen tot de rechtsgeschiedenis der Nederlanden 4 (2002), 2, p. 373-407.
In 1930 gingen drie staalgieterijen in het noorden van Frankrijk een samenwerkingsverband aan onder de naam Vallourec. De gemeenten waar ze zich bevonden leverden de naam van de groep: Valenciennes, Louvroil en Recquignies. In 1957 ging de groep naar de beurs van Parijs.
Marino Anesa: Dizionario della musica italian per banda, Primera edizione, 2 vols., 1993-1997.; 1036 p.; Vol. [1]. Biografie dei compositori e catalogo delle opere dal 1800 al 1945, Bergamo : Biblioteca Civica "Angelo Mai". - 1993. - 515 S.; Vol. [2]. Biografie dei compositori e catalogo delle opere dal 1800 ad oggi., Bergamo : Biblioteca Civica "Angelo Mai". - 1997. - 519 S.
Is ernstig bezorgd over het arriveren van een tanker met olie in Beira, van waaruit met instemming van de Portugese regering, via een pijplijn door Mozambique, olie vervoerd kan worden naar Zuid-Rhodesië.
Een bekend adagium (bedacht door de Engelse historicus Lord Acton) is: Macht maakt corrupt en absolute macht maakt absoluut corrupt (Power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely).
Wit: een van de minst gebruikte kleuren. Een witte Ranger kan zowel een man als een vrouw zijn. Mannelijke witte rangers zijn altijd speciale Rangers die pas later bij een team komen. Zij vechten doorgaans met een zwaard. Vrouwelijke witte rangers zijn meestal lid van het hoofdteam, en dienen als vervanger van de roze Ranger. Alleen Udonna uit Power Rangers: Mystic Force was een witte vrouwelijke Ranger die niet bij het hoofdteam hoorde.
MoVimento 5 Stelle behaalde bij de verkiezingen van 24 en 25 februari een opmerkelijke hoge score, namelijk 25,56% van de stemmen in de Kamer van Afgevaardigden en werd daarmee in een keer de grootste partij van Italië (tweede werd de sociaaldemocratische Democratische Partij PD met 25,42%). Omdat de andere partijen meestal in coalities optreden vanwege de specifieke Italiaanse kieswet die deze coalities voortrekt, lijkt het alsof M5S derde werd. In de senaat haalde de partij 23,8% van de stemmen. Met behulp van deze kieswet behaalde de linkse coalitie met slechts 29% van de stemmen de absolute meerderheid in de Kamer. M5S kreeg 109 afgevaardigden in de Kamer en 54 senatoren; inmiddels (juli '14) is hun aantal terug naar 104 afgevaardigden en 40 senatoren, omdat sommigen de fracties verlaten hebben en anderen geroyeerd werden.
Opius pterus is een insect dat behoort tot de orde vliesvleugeligen (Hymenoptera) en de familie van de schildwespen (Braconidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd door Wharton & Austin in 1990.
Litophyton sanderi is een zachte koraalsoort uit de familie Alcyoniidae. De koraalsoort komt uit het geslacht Litophyton. Litophyton sanderi werd in 1899 voor het eerst wetenschappelijk beschreven door May.
Snijders, Paul, 'Das Schicksal frischer Männchen', in: Capri. Zeitschrift für schwule Geschichte 4 (1992) juni, p. 44-48. [Over het boek Die sexuelle Osphresiologie (1900, 1906) van Iwan Bloch (gepubliceerd onder het pseudoniem Albert Hagen).]
zeven stellingmolens: de "zes klassieke molens" (Molen De Walvisch, Molen De Drie Koornbloemen, Molen De Vrijheid, Molen De Noord, Molen De Nieuwe Palmboom, Molen De Kameel) en de nieuwe "energie" molen De Nolet (2006); de op de afbeelding getoonde molens zijn de hoogste klassieke molens ter wereld
Hendrick de Keyser I (Utrecht, 15 mei 1565 - Amsterdam, 15 mei 1621), bijgenaamd "de oude", was een Amsterdamse architect en beeldhouwer. Hendrick de Keyser bouwde in een typische, zelfs Amsterdamse, renaissancestijl.
Twaalf jaar later, bij het WK 2002 in Japan en Zuid-Korea, won Costa Rica van China (2-0), speelde de ploeg gelijk tegen Turkije (1-1) en werd verloren van Brazilië (2-5). Door deze nederlaag ging Turkije verder op doelsaldo, om vervolgens door te stoten naar de halve finale. De voortijdig gestrande selectie stond destijds onder leiding van Alexandre Guimarães.
Verder speelde hij de rol van sleutelmaker in de film Rat Race en was te zien in The Whole Ten Yards. Ook speelt hij de rol van Monroe, de klokkenmaker, in de televisieserie Grimm.
In het kader van het project "Gedichten op muren" is in 1998 in Leiden het gedicht Bajdary van Adam Mickiewicz op de zijmuur van Haarlemmerweg 5a, Leiden aangebracht. Het muurgedicht is in de zomer van 2011 vernieuwd.
Een recordaantal van 82 landen nam aan de Spelen deel. Dit waren er twee meer dan bij de vorige editie. Zeven landen debuteerden; Colombia, Ghana, de Kaaimaneilanden, Montenegro, Pakistan, Peru en Servië. Jamaica, Marokko en Mexico maakten hun rentree. Ten opzichte van de vorige editie ontbraken de Amerikaanse Maagdeneilanden, Costa Rica, Kenia, Luxemburg, Madagaskar, Thailand en Venezuela. Servië-Montenegro was ondertussen uiteengevallen in twee onafhankelijke landen.
Bron: Frans bureau voor statistiek. Cijfers inwoneraantal volgens de definitie population sans doubles comptes (zie de gehanteerde definities)
De soort komt voor in de oostelijke centrale Stille Oceaan van Costa Rica to Panama. Ze leeft naar schatting in een gebied van minder dan 2.000 km2. De soort staat op de Rode Lijst van de IUCN als Gevoelig, beoordelingsjaar 2007 en 2010.
Josephus Antonius Johannes (Joep) van den Nieuwenhuyzen (Vught, 17 november 1955) is een Nederlandse zakenman die in 1982 landelijke bekendheid verwierf door te onderhandelen met de ontvoerders tijdens de Ontvoering van Toos van der Valk, zijn schoonmoeder. Hierna maakte hij naam door slechtlopende en failliete bedrijven op te kopen en weer winstgevend te maken. Hij is verschillende keren in verband gebracht met fraude en omkoping. In 2006 werd zijn bedrijf RDM Holding veroordeeld voor moedwillige benadeling van schuldeisers bij een faillissement. In 2013 is hij schuldig bevonden aan omkoping, faillissementsfraude en meineed, leidend tot een veroordeling tot twee en een half jaar gevangenisstraf. In hoger beroep sprak het het hof vrijspraak voor faillissementsfraude uit en veroordeelde Van den Nieuwenhuyzen tot een gevangenisstraf van een jaar waarvan 285 dagen voorwaardelijk. Na aftrek van voorarrest leidde dit tot nul dagen cel. Beide partijen gingen in cassatie bij de Hoge Raad.
Al op 14-jarige leeftijd besloot Banks schrijver te worden en twee jaar later schreef hij zijn eerste novelle. Banks studeerde Engels en filosofie aan de Universiteit van Stirling. Na zijn studie werkte hij als portier in een ziekenhuis en als tuinman en technicus bij British Steel. Deze beroepen verschaften hem de tijd om zijn schrijversambities te verwezenlijken. In 1984 schreef hij in Londen zijn eerste roman, The Wasp Factory, waarmee hij in één klap wereldberoemd werd. Hij woonde in North Queensferry, een gemeente ten noorden van de Firth of Forth. Op 9 juni 2013 is Iain Banks overleden.
Versie 2.0 ging in maart 2011 van start met twee nieuwe werelden: Omikron (21 maart 2011) en Pi (22 maart 2011). Naast Hades als nieuwe god werden de zogenaamde heldenwereld, de Fenicische handelaar (die grondstoffen en troepen aanbiedt in ruil voor zilver) en de wereldwonderen ingevoerd. Zodra een alliantie vier wereldwonderen volledig heeft uitgebreid, is de wereld voltooid. Daarnaast werd de grafische vormgeving sterk verbeterd.
In 2003 trad Rip in dienst bij N.E.C.. Aanvankelijk werkte hij als jeugdtrainer. In 2006 werd hij aangesteld als coach van Jong N.E.C.. In oktober 2009 schoof hij door naar het eerste elftal, waar hij assistent-trainer werd, als tijdelijke vervanger van Ron de Groot. Een week hierna, op 27 oktober, werd hij, samen met hoofd jeugdopleidingen Wilfried Brookhuis, ad interim hoofdtrainer na het vertrek van Dwight Lodeweges. Na de aanstelling van Wiljan Vloet op 14 november als hoofdtrainer, keerde Rip terug in zijn rol als assistent. In het seizoen 2010/11 werd Jack de Gier de tweede assistent en ging Rip zich volledig richten op de videoanalyses en de scouting. In hetzelfde jaar werd hij door Bert van Marwijk als videoanalist toegevoegd aan de staf van het Nederlands voetbalelftal. Rip was als videoanalist actief op het EK 2012 voor het Nederlands voetbalelftal.
De DSA beschikt daarnaast over een zeer uitgebreide zweefvliegsimulator uitgerust met volledig werkend instrumentarium en flight-controls. Full motion simulatie is nog in ontwikkelingsfase.
In oktober 1335 stierf Elisabeth Richezza op de leeftijd van 49 jaar. Ze werd bijgezet naast haar laatste geliefde Hendrik van Liepa in het klooster van Brünn.
In 2007 besloot Disney wederom dat de productiekosten te hoog dreigden te worden. Disney kwam hierop met het idee voor een Power Rangers-animatieserie, dat echter werd verworpen.
Tijdens zijn universitaire studie trad Banks als figurant op in de film Monty Python and the Holy Grail, die opgenomen werd in het nabijgelegen Doune Castle. Hij was lid van de National Secular Society.
De Raad van State geeft U in overweging het voorstel van wet aan de Tweede Kamer der Staten-Generaal te zenden nadat met zijn advies rekening zal zijn gehouden.
De wijk bevindt zich tussen de Dijle en het Kanaal Leuven-Dijle, die er min of meer parallel lopen en noordelijker samenkomen in het Zennegat.
L'Abergement-de-Cuisery - L'Abergement-Sainte-Colombe - Allerey-sur-Saône - Allériot - Aluze - Amanzé - Ameugny - Anglure-sous-Dun - Anost - Antully - Anzy-le-Duc - Artaix - Authumes - Autun - Auxy - Azé
Halectinosoma distinctum is een eenoogkreeftjessoort uit de familie van de Ectinosomatidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1920 door Sars G.O..
London Overground heeft de East London Line overgenomen en uitgebreid. Deze lijn is voorafgaand aan de spelen aangesloten op de North London Line bij Station Dalston Junction;
De reputatiemethode vraagt personen hun mening te geven omtrent de vraag wie de meeste macht heeft. Men kan delen van de bevolking enquêteren, maar ook bijvoorbeeld deskundigen of bekleders van formele posities. Volgens critici meet deze methode echter geen macht, maar prestige, wat een sociale status is. Als mensen dénken dat een actor veel macht uitoefent, wil dat nog niet zeggen dat dat ook werkelijk zo ís.
Hij is de oom van de componist en dirigent Giulio Maffeis (1894-1975). Zijn zoon Venanzio Maffeis (1906-1981) was eveneens componist en zijn opvolger als dirigent bij verschillende banda's.
Action of the Tiger is een Brits-Amerikaanse misdaadfilm uit 1957 onder regie van Terence Young. Destijds werd de film in Nederland uitgebracht onder de titel De tijger valt aan.
Zijn cd’s met pianoconcerten van Schumann en Beethoven, walsen en nocturnes van Chopin, sonates van Mozart en pianowerken van Schumann werden onderscheiden met een Classic Highlight Award van de Zwitserse radio, de SRF.
Hoppstädten-Weiersbach is een plaats in de Duitse deelstaat Rijnland-Palts, en maakt deel uit van de Landkreis Birkenfeld. Hoppstädten-Weiersbach telt 2.954 inwoners.
Tipula (Pterelachisus) margarita is een tweevleugelige uit de familie langpootmuggen (Tipulidae). De soort komt voor in het Nearctisch gebied.
In juli 2005 dook de band de Black Lounge Studios in om de fundamenten te leggen voor de tracks van het debuutalbum Symmetric in Design. Vervolgens speelden ze op festivals in geheel Europa, en toerden met Soilwork, Hypocrisy and One Man Army.
Naast het repertoire uit de 18e en 19e eeuw is Wong georiënteerd op het pianowerk uit zowel de vroege als de late 20ste eeuw en de 21ste eeuw. Zo heeft hij werk van Claude Debussy, Arnold Schönberg, Groupe des Six, Luciano Berio, Olivier Messiaen, György Ligeti, György Kurtág, Wolfgang Rihm, Peter Eötvös, Emmanuel Nunes, Marco Stroppa, James Dillon, Jonathan Harvey en Rudolf Kelterborn op cd gezet.
[ Villon, François ]. Où sont les neiges d'antan? (Met een houtgravure door Paul Snijders). [Enschede, Paul Snijders, 1980. Losbladig. (8) p. Met de hand gezet en gedrukt door Paul Snijders in een oplage van 45 exemplaren.]
Shakespeare, William. The phoenix and the turtle. [Amsterdam, Phoenix editions], 1984. [Ingenaaid met stofomslag. (20) p. Met de hand gezet door Paul Snijders en gedrukt door Rob Cox in een oplage van 100 genummerde exemplaren.]
Euphyia corrivulata is een vlinder uit de familie van de spanners (Geometridae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1900 door Warren.
Het is ook mogelijk meer dan een enkele instantie op dezelfde computer te installeren. In dat geval moet elke instantie een andere, unieke naam krijgen, zodat alle communicatie met de juiste instantie kan verlopen. Het is wel mogelijk verscheidene namen te verbinden met dezelfde instantie. De gegevens van elke instantie worden van de andere gescheiden in een aparte mappenstructuur.
Wong heeft in meer dan dertig landen concerten gegeven. Hij heeft samengewerkt met dirigenten als Pierre Boulez (met wie hij het Konzert van Anton Webern, O King van Luciano Berio en Dérive I van Boulez uitvoerde op het Festival van Luzern), Ralf Weikert en Howard Griffiths. Hij heeft geconcerteerd in concertzalen als het Koninklijk Concertgebouw te Amsterdam, St. Martin-in-the-Fields te Londen, de Tonhalle te Zürich, de Salle Olivier Messiaen te Parijs en vele andere. Wong was te gast op internationale festivals als solist, kamermusicus en liedbegeleider.
Leopold overstelpte haar met geschenken, waaronder in 1908 het kasteel van Balincourt in Arronville (Val-d'Oise) en de Villa Les Cèdres in Saint-Jean-Cap-Ferrat (vlak bij zijn eigen Villa Leopolda). Desondanks kreeg hij een rivaal, want Durrieux dook terug op.
Tot in de loop van 2008 is aangenomen dat de oudste vermelding van colf een wedstrijd betrof die gespeeld werd op 26 december 1297 in Loenen aan de Vecht. Door middel van deze colfpartij werd de moord op Floris V, graaf van Holland en Zeeland herdacht. De partij bestond uit twee teams van elk vier personen. Inmiddels is overtuigend aangetoond dat deze partij in werkelijkheid nooit gespeeld kan zijn.
Leden en staatsraden zijn beiden werkzaam in een of beide afdelingen van de Raad. Leden zijn daarnaast betrokken bij de taken van de Raad die niet door de afdelingen worden uitgevoerd:
Het Foxebekken en de Golf van Boothia in het westen scheiden Baffin van de rest van de archipel van de Canadese Arctische Eilanden. Ten zuiden van het eiland ligt de Straat Hudson, ten oosten van het eiland de Baffinbaai. Ook hier liggen honderden eilanden waarvan Byloteiland en Sillem Island de grootste zijn. Aan de overkant van de baai ligt Groenland.
In 1240 werd Kiev, dat met zijn ruim 30.000 inwoners toen een van de grootste steden van Europa was, door de Mongolen verwoest. De volgende zes eeuwen was Kiev niet meer dan een provinciestad in het Pools-Litouwse Gemenebest en het Russische Rijk. In de 19e eeuw begon de stad weer te groeien; omstreeks 1900 had zij 250.000 inwoners.
De band scheerde commercieel gezien hoge toppen met het album Murder Ballads uit 1996. Zoals de titel doet vermoeden is dit een album met liedjes over moord. De single Where the Wild Roses Grow (een duet van Cave met Kylie Minogue) werd een wereldwijde hit. Op het album werkte ook Anita Lane mee, de ex-vriendin van Cave.
Om software te ontwikkelen die de Windows API gebruikt, moet een compiler in staat zijn de Microsoftspecifieke DLL-bestanden en COM-objecten te verwerken en importeren. Ofwel moet de compiler overweg kunnen met de header-bestanden die het interieur van de API-functienamen onthullen, of moet deze dergelijke bestanden zelf kunnen voorzien. Voor bepaalde klassen van toepassingen moet het compiler systeem ook de IDL (interface definition language)-bestanden kunnen behandelen. Samen zijn deze vereisten (compilers, tools, bibliotheken en headers) gekend als het Microsoft Platform SDK. Lange tijd waren de Microsoft Visual Studio-familie van compilers en tools en de Borland-compilers de enige tools die dit konden voorzien (toch in het geval van Windows, de SDK zelf is te downloaden apart van de gehele IDE-suite, van de Microsoft Platform SDK Update). Tegenwoordig voorzien het MinGW- en het Cygwin-project ook een dergelijke omgeving, gebaseerd op de GNU Compiler Collection, die gebruikmaakt van een stand-alone headerbestandverzameling om het linken tussen Microsoft-DLL's mogelijk te maken. LCC-Win32 is een C-compiler onder de licentie "free for non-commercial use". Het wordt in stand gehouden door Jacob Navia. Pelles C is een gratis C- compiler in stand gehouden door Pelle Orinius. Free Pascal is een GPL Object Pascal-compiler die in staat is software te schrijven, gebaseerd op de Windows API. MASM32 is een project ter ondersteuning van de Windows API die gebruikmaakt van de 32 bit-Microsoftassembler met zelfgemaakte of omgezette headers en bibliotheken van de Platform SDK.
In 1985 waren reeds plannen gemaakt voor een natuurtuin als voorbeeld van ecologisch groenbeheer. De tuin kwam in 1992 tot stand door samenwerking van de gemeente Veenendaal en de plaatselijke afdelingen van IVN en Groei en Bloei. De tuin wordt extensief onderhouden om de natuur zoveel mogelijk haar gang te laten gaan. Zonder chemische bestrijdingsmiddelen dienen de flora en fauna zich op een natuurlijke manier te ontwikkelen. Als afscheiding is een vlechtheg van meidoornen gemaakt.
De Scottish Challenge is een jaarlijks golftoernooi van de Europese Challenge Tour. Deze negende editie heette officieel de Scottish Hydro Challenge hosted by Macdonald Hotels and Resorts. Het toernooi werd van 26-29 juni gespeeld op de Macdonald Spay Valley Golf Club in Aviemore. Het prijzengeld was gestegen naar € 250.000, waarvan de winnaar € 40.000 kreeg.
Op het land zullen de EA-18G Growlers worden gestationeerd op Naval Air Station Whidbey Island, in de staat Washington; op zee worden de toestellen verdeeld over diverse operationele squadrons op vliegdekschepen.
Eind 2005 gaf Shahini aan dat ze opnieuw een gooi wilde doen naar een songfestivalticket. Ze deed daarom in december van dat jaar wederom mee bij Festivali i këngës, maar verloor daarin van zanger en Idolswinnaar Luiz Ejlli, die op zijn beurt een jaar eerder verloren had van Ledina Çelo. Ejlli vertegenwoordigde Albanië tijdens het songfestival in Athene met het nummer Zjarr e ftohtë, daarbij geflankeerd door een groep oude heren met traditionele instrumenten. Het was het eerste lied in de geschiedenis van het Eurovisiesongfestival dat in het Albanees werd gezongen. Kwalificatie voor de finale werd echter niet afgedwongen. Ejlli eindigde in de halve finale als 14de. Ook het Eurovisiesongfestival van 2007 verliep teleurstellend voor Albanië. Het land probeerde de finale te bereiken met het duo Aida & Frederik Ndoci, maar hun liedje Hear my plea, een ballade met traditionele invloeden, vergaarde niet meer dan 49 punten en strandde in de halve finale op de 17de plek.
Elke Ranger heeft zijn eigen specifieke kleur kostuum. De kleuren rood, geel en blauw zijn de “primaire” kleuren die in elk team voorkomen. Meestal komt elke kleur maar 1 keer voor in het team. Vaak draagt een Ranger in het dagelijks leven ook kleding in dezelfde kleur als zijn Rangerkostuum.
De B6 loopt verder in zuidoostelijke richting langs de afrit Großkugel waar ze de A9 kruist. De weg passeert Schkeuditz met een rondweg waar de B186 op aansluit. Dan loopt B6 door Leipzig, waar een samenloopt is met zowel de B2 als de B87, waarbij de B2/B6 en de B6/B87 het Hauptbahnhof passeren. De B6 loopt in oostelijke richting de stad Leipzig uit en kruist bij de afrit Leipzig-Ost de A14 en loopt nu verder in oostelijke richting door Machern, Bennewitz waar ze samenloop kent met de B107 en Wurzen waar ze de rivier de Mulde kruist. De weg loopt dan verder in zuidoostelijke richting via Oschwatz, ten zuiden van de stad Riesa langs waar ze een samenloop kent met de B169. De B6 loopt nu verder in zuidoostelijke richting. Het laatste deel naar Dresden loopt over de westelijke oever van de rivier de Elbe door Niederwarthal, Meißen en Radebeul naar Dresden. In Dresden kruist ze bij Aansluiting Dresden-Altstadt de A4. De B6 loopt nu door het centrum van en steekt de rivier de Elbe over. In Dresden sluiten zuwel de B97, de B170 als de B173 aan op de B6. De B6 loopt in oostelijke richting, parallel aan de A4 de stad Dresden uit en loopt door Großharthau naar Bischofswerda waar ze aansluit op de rondweg war ze een samenloop heeft met de B98.
In de Annalen van Lente en Herfst (8e tot 5e eeuw v.Chr.) leefde in de staat Jin een hoge ambtenaar. Jie Zitui beminde het volk als zijn eigen kinderen, hij wenste geen aanzien of rijkdom. Verraders proberen de erfprins, Chong'er, te vermoorden om zijn jongere broer, prins Shensheng, troonopvolger te laten worden. Jie Zitui en Chong'er vluchtten en verdwaalden in de bergen. Chong'er denkt aan het volk en Jie Zitui snijdt een stuk vlees van zijn dijbeen en roostert dit. Hij voedt Chong'er en zegt dat hij wenst dat hij een klaar en helder landvorst zal worden. Negentien jaren zwerven beide mannen door vreemde landen. Trouwe ambtenaren kunnen de verraders verslaan en op de terugweg ziet Chong'er de versleten mat die al die jaren gezelschap is geweest. Hij gooit deze met zijn zwaard uit de wagen. Jie Zitui loopt achter de wagen en raapt de versleten mat op en loopt naar zijn huis. Chong'er beloond iedereen die trouw is geweest, maar vergeet Jie Zitui. Na een tijdje herinnert iemand hem aan Jie Zitui en Chong'er schaamt zich en nodigt Jie Zitui uit. Jie Zitui weigert de bode en Chong'er gaat dan zelf. De poort is gesloten en Chong'er hoort dat Jie Zitui met zijn moeder op zijn rug is gevlucht naar het Miangebergte.
Geven toegang tot de verschillende netwerkmogelijkheden van het besturingssysteem. Zijn subcomponenten bevatten onder andere NetBIOS, Winsock, NetDDE, RPC.
Op 15 november 2006 werd in een civiele zaak RDM Holding van Van den Nieuwenhuyzen veroordeeld tot terugbetaling van 6,8 miljoen euro aan de curator in het faillissement van SP Aerospace (eveneens een bedrijf in het conglomeraat van Van den Nieuwenhuyzen). Kort voor het faillissement had hij dit bedrijf 6,8 miljoen euro laten betalen aan RDM Holding voor onderdelen van tanks en houwitsers. Volgens de rechtbank te 's-Hertogenbosch benadeelde deze overeenkomst daarmee bewust de schuldeisers van SP Aerospace. De rechter oordeelde dat het gehele bedrag vermeerderd met wettelijke rente aan de curator van SP Aerospace moet worden terugbetaald. De rechter bepaalde dat er sprake was van moedwillige benadeling van schuldeisers in een faillissement (Actio pauliana). Tegen de uitspraak zei Van den Nieuwenhuyzen in beroep te gaan.
Rechtspreken over kwesties waarin burgers, asielzoekers en particuliere organisaties het niet eens zijn met beslissingen van de overheid, zoals verleende vergunningen. De Raad is de hoogste instantie die een uitspraak kan doen over een geschil tussen burger en overheid.
Godsgezanten - De Godsgezanten zijn halfgoden die door de goden gekozen zijn als held. Ze zijn zeer goede aanvallers en verdedigers. Het bijzondere van deze eenheid is dat ze geen grondstoffen kosten, maar alleen gunsten. Je kan ze bouwen bij elke god.
In 1368 viel in China de Mongoolse Yuan-dynastie die werd opgevolgd door de Chinese Ming-dynastie. De meeste Mongolen keerden terug naar hun oorspronkelijke leefgebieden. De Mongoolse dynastie werd voortgezet in de Noordelijke Yuan-dynastie. De in omvang grootste groep, de Khalkha-Mongolen, vestigde zich in het gebied dat nu - globaal - de republiek Mongolië vormt. De Oirat-Mongolen vestigden zich ten westen daarvan, globaal in het gebied ten westen van het Altaj -gebergte en ten noorden van het Tianshan-gebergte.
Costa Rica nam in 1957 voor het eerst deel aan de kwalificatiewedstrijden. De eerste pouleronde, met Curaçao en Guatemala kwamen ze nog door, alle wedstrijden werden gewonnen. Uiteindelijk werden ze verslagen door Mexico. Voor de WK-eindronden van 1990, 2002, 2006 en 2014 wist het land zich wel te kwalificeren.
Tahaa vormt samen met het eiland Raiatea een atol gelegen in de Stille Oceaan. Het eiland behoort samen met andere eilanden, zoals Tahiti en Moorea, tot Frans-Polynesië. Het eiland bestaat uit een uitgedoofde vulkaan, dit is de 590 meter hoge Mont Ohiri, en een door een rif omgeven lagune. In het jaar 2002 telde het eiland 4845 inwoners.
Hormius affinis is een insect dat behoort tot de orde vliesvleugeligen (Hymenoptera) en de familie van de schildwespen (Braconidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd door Hedqvist in 1963.
Bij Colf was het de bedoeling om in het open veld (of op het ijs) met zo weinig mogelijk slagen een doel te raken. Dit doel kon honderden meters tot zelfs 15 tot 20 kilometers verwijderd zijn van het startpunt. Als doel kon dienen een deur, een boom, een steen of het einde van een akker of weiland.
De Spelen werden georganiseerd door het London Organising Committee of the Olympic Games and Paralympic Games (LOCOG). De realisatie van de sportaccommodaties en de infrastructuur wordt verzorgd door de Olympic Delivery Authority.
De Amerikaanse zwemmer Michael Phelps was de meest succesvolle deelnemer op deze Spelen met zes medailles (vier gouden en twee zilveren). Bovendien werd hij de meest succesvolle olympiër ooit met een totaal van 22 medailles over drie Spelen (2004-2012).
De loting voor de eindronde vond plaats op 27 juni 2017 in Hamburg. Bij de loting waren alle landen vooraf verdeeld in zes kokers. Uit iedere koker werd steeds een land getrokken zodat er vier groepen van zes landen werden getrokken. De plaatsing was als volgt:
Oediceropsis bicornuta is een vlokreeftensoort uit de familie van de Oedicerotidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 2007 door Bellan-Santini.
Marino Anesa: Dizionario della musica italiana per banda - Biografie dei compositori e catalogo delle opere dal 1800 a oggi, Seconda edizione riveduta e ampliata: oltre 5000 compositori, in collaborazione con ABBM (Associazione Bande Bergamasche), 2004. 2 volumi, 1204 p.
De periode van leiderschap van Kara Khula begon omstreeks 1600. Er waren toen al enige Oirat-groepen die zich onder bescherming van de Russische tsaar hadden gesteld, vanwege de pressie van de Altyn Khan. In 1608 behaalde Khara Khula een grote overwinning op de Altyn Khan. Tegelijkertijd fragmenteerde het rijk van de Kazachen na de dood van hun Khan, Tevekkel, en vormde geen serieuze bedreiging meer voor de Oirats.
Catenicella marceli is een mosdiertjessoort uit de familie van de Catenicellidae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 2007 door Gluhak, Lewis & Popijak.
De besluitvormingsmethode let niet alleen op de participatie, maar ook op het gewicht van de invloed van de diverse actoren op de uitkomst van de besluitvorming. Machtsstructuren worden onderzocht door bestudering van belangrijke beslissingen. Nagegaan wordt wie deelnamen aan het besluitvormingsproces en hoe zij zich gedroegen. Via deze methode kan ook machtsuitoefening in het verleden bestudeerd worden. Nadeel van deze methode is dat actoren achter de schermen geen aandacht krijgen.
Van oudsher kende Schiedam twee ziekenhuizen: het Gemeenteziekenhuis en het Nolet Ziekenhuis, die in 1981 fuseerden tot het Schieland Ziekenhuis. In 2008 werd het Vlietland Ziekenhuis in gebruik genomen, een fusie van het Schieland Ziekenhuis in Schiedam en het Holyziekenhuis in Vlaardingen. Dit ziekenhuis ligt nabij de A20 en station Schiedam Nieuwland.
Atkins werd geboren in Ohio, waar hij ook opgroeide. Hij haalde zijn kandidaatsexamen in de geneeskunde aan de universiteit van Michigan en promoveerde in 1955 als arts aan de Cornell-universiteit. Na zijn opleiding in de cardiologie verhuisde Atkins naar New York, waar hij later het Atkins Center for Complementary Medicine oprichtte, een van de grootste centra in zijn soort.
Mont-Saxonnex is een gemeente in het Franse departement Haute-Savoie (regio Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes) en telt 1477 inwoners (2005). De plaats maakt deel uit van het arrondissement Bonneville.
De Boeing EA-18G Growler is een 2-persoons doorontwikkelde versie van de moderne marine-aanvalsjager F/A-18F Super Hornet. De Growler werd vanaf 2007 gefaseerd bij de US Navy ingevoerd onder gelijktijdige afstoting van zijn voorganger.
Over de jaren heen zijn er verschillende veranderingen en toevoegingen gedaan aan het Windows-besturingssysteem, en de Windows API veranderde en weerspiegelde dit. De Windows API voor Windows 1.0 ondersteunde minder dan 450 functieoproepen, terwijl moderne versies van de Windows API er duizenden ondersteunen. Over het algemeen bleef de interface echter vrij consistent; een oude Windows 1.0-toepassing zal nog steeds herkenbaar zijn voor een programmeur die gewoon is aan de moderne Windows API.
De naam komt van het Huaxteekse woord Tamaholipa. Het betekent waarschijnlijk "plaats van de hoge heuvels", of anders "plaats van de olijven" (holipa zou dan een verbastering zijn van het Spaanse oliva). De eerste Europeaan die Tamaulipas bereikte was waarschijnlijk Amerigo Vespucci. De eerste Spaanse nederzetting in het gebied was Tampico, gesticht in 1554. Het gebied werd pas in 1746 opgenomen in Nieuw-Spanje, en wel als Nieuw-Santander. In 1840 verklaarde Tamaulipas zich met Nuevo León en Coahuila onafhankelijk van Mexico als Republiek van de Rio Grande. De nieuwe republiek werd echter snel weer onder Mexicaans bestuur gebracht. Tegenwoordig zijn veel Tamaulipanen werkzaam bij de zgn. maquiladoras, Amerikaanse bedrijven die vlak over de grens in Mexico fabrieken hebben gebouwd vanwege de goedkope arbeid.
Aan versie 10 zijn enkele verbeteringen toegevoegd. Deze houden in dat er makkelijke migratie kan gebeuren vanuit MySQL, Oracle, SQL Server en Sybase. Hiervoor zijn zowel nieuws SQL-types, functies en synchronisatiemethodes toegevoegd. Ook worden er per gebruiker 'snapshots' genomen van deze database. Op deze manier kunnen er geen gebruikers geblokkeerd worden door query's van anderen. Enkel wanneer dezelfde rij tegelijk wordt aangepast zal er een blokkade voorkomen.
Win32 is de 32-bit API voor moderne versies van Windows. De API bestaat uit functies die, net zoals bij Win16, geïmplementeerd zijn in systeem-DLL-bestanden. De kern-DLL-bestanden van Win32 zijn kernel32.dll, user32.dll en gdi32.dll. Win32 werd geïntroduceerd met Windows NT. De Win32-versie die bij Windows 95 kwam werd aanvankelijk Win32c genoemd, met de "c" die stond voor "compatibiliteit", maar deze term moest van Microsoft plaatsmaken voor de naam "Win32".
Wynter Gordon (New York City, 25 augustus 1988), geboren als Diana Gordon, is een Amerikaanse pop/dance zangeres en songwriter. Ze heeft gewerkt met onder andere Freemasons, Laidback Luke, Steve Aoki en Flo Rida.
Turris tanyspira is een slakkensoort uit de familie van de Turridae. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1975 door Kilburn.
Megastigmus fulvipes is een vliesvleugelig insect uit de familie Torymidae. De wetenschappelijke naam is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1913 door Girault.
Streng schrijft voor jonge kinderen over Co de Rups en Timo Toekan. Deze avonturen worden geplaatst op de kinderwebsites van de Van der Valk-hotels.
Amphelictus bicolor is een keversoort uit de familie van de boktorren (Cerambycidae). De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1964 door Chemsak & Linsley.
Baffineiland (Engels: Baffin Island, Inuktitut: ᕿᑭᖅᑖᓗᒃ, Qikiqtaaluk, Frans: Île de Baffin) is een van de Canadese Arctische Eilanden in het territorium Nunavut. Het is het grootste eiland van Canada, en het op vier na grootste ter wereld met een oppervlakte van 507.451 km². Het heeft een bevolking van 11.000 inwoners (2004).
In 2011 beleefde Lourens haar filmdebuut in de Nederlandse film Stiletto's, waarin ze de hoofdrol vertolkt. Daarnaast speelde ze in 2011 een agente van Interpol in de door Michael Wright geregisseerde film Amsterdam Heavy, die in mei 2011 in première ging tijdens het Filmfestival van Cannes.
Zoals bij zijn vriend Ken MacLeod (ook een Schotse schrijver van technische en sociale sciencefiction) blijkt in zijn werken een politiek linkse geëngageerdheid.
Phocas Fokkens (Amsterdam, 20 december 1888 – Blaricum 2 september 1965) was een Nederlandse kunstschilder, aquarellist, etser, tekenaar en vervaardiger van houtsnedes. Hij schilderde landschappen, portretten en zelfportretten.
De stijl van De Keyser is rijk en herkenbaar, met veel losse elementen van witte steen in gevels van rode baksteen. Kenmerkend zijn de kleine pilasters, kroonlijsten, frontons en decoratieve elementen als vazen en zelfs al even monumentale pinakels. In het werk van De Keyser zijn ook classicistische elementen aan te wijzen.
La Tagnière - Taizé - Tancon - Le Tartre - Tavernay - Thil-sur-Arroux - Thurey - Tintry - Torcy - Torpes - Toulon-sur-Arroux - Tournus - Toutenant - Tramayes - Trambly - Trivy - Tronchy - La Truchère
Al voor 806 was Bego kamerheer van Lodewijk de Vrome, die toen koning van Aquitanië was. Na het aftreden van Willem van Gellone in 806 werd hij graaf van Toulouse, hertog van Septimanië en Aquitanië, en markgraaf van de Spaanse Mark - en daarmee dus de opperbevelhebber in de strijd tegen de Arabieren in Spanje. In 815 werd hij graaf van Parijs, als opvolger van zijn broer Stefanus. Hij liet het klooster van Saint-Maur-des-Fossés reorganiseren door Benedictus van Aniane, de belangrijkste abt van het Frankische rijk.
Op 6 juni 1944 werd eerst de 101st Airborne Division gedropt in Normandië en een uur later de 82ste Airborne Divisie, die zich in drie onderdelen had gesplitst. Gavin was commandant van de A-groep. Ze veroverden Sainte-Mère-Église, een belangrijke communicatiepunt achter Utah Beach.
Het Costa Ricaans voetbalelftal is een team van voetballers dat Costa Rica vertegenwoordigt bij internationale wedstrijden en competities, zoals de (kwalificatie)wedstrijden voor het WK, de CONCACAF Gold Cup en de Copa Centroamericana.
Chris Pine als Sam Harper, de protagonist. Een verkoper die in een lastig parket komt als de overheid een van zijn louche zaakjes onderzoekt.
In 2003 deed Albanië voor het eerst een gooi naar het songfestival. Het land meldde zich samen met Oekraïne, Servië en Montenegro en Wit-Rusland aan bij de EBU, maar doordat er te veel deelnemers waren, werd uiteindelijk alleen Oekraïne toegelaten. Vanaf 2004 werd er met een halve finale gewerkt en was het geen probleem meer voor nieuwe landen om toe te treden.
De vogel is 14 cm lang. Het is een olijfgroen met geel gekleurde Amerikaanse zangvogel, van boven donker olijfgroen met helder gele borst en buik en met een donker masker rond het oog en de oorstreek. De snavel is zwart. De ondersoort G. b. goldmani is wat doffer gekleurd met een bruinachtige waas op de flanken.
Charles Petzold, auteur van de veel gelezen Windows API-boeken, heeft het volgende gezegd: "Het originele "hello world"-programma in de Windows 1.0-SDK was een klein schandaal. HELLO.C was ongeveer 150 lijnen lang en het HELLO.RC-bronscript telde een 20-tal lijnen. (...) Oudere C-programmeurs kronkelden vaak van weerzin of gelach wanneer ze het Windows-hello-worldprogramma tegenkwamen."
Het toestel beschikt over 11 wapensystemen om deze taken uit te kunnen voeren. Het toestel onderscheidt zich van de F/A-18F Super Hornet door structurele wijzigingen aan het airframe en door de installatie van extra avionica en systemen voor de AEA missie. Hierdoor veranderde het oorspronkelijke leeggewicht naar 15000 kg en het landingsgewicht naar 21.775 kg.
Lourens werd op 21-jarige leeftijd bekend door de rol van Yasmin Fuentes in Goede tijden, slechte tijden, die ze drie seizoenen speelde. Daarnaast speelde ze een gastrol in Costa, Kees & Co en Shouf Shouf! de serie. In 2004 is ze te zien in de musicvideo Moppie van Lange Frans & Baas B feat. Brace. Ook speelde ze een tienermoeder in de videoclip van het nummer Zet Um Op (Baby) van de Nederlandse rapper Kempi.
Palinges - Palleau - Paray-le-Monial - Paris-l'Hôpital - Passy - Péronne - Perrecy-les-Forges - Perreuil - Perrigny-sur-Loire - La Petite-Verrière - Pierreclos - Pierre-de-Bresse - Le Planois - Plottes - Poisson - Pontoux - Pouilloux - Pourlans - Pressy-sous-Dondin - Préty - Prissé - Prizy - Pruzilly - Le Puley
Schaletzki begon zijn carrière bij VfB 1910 Gleiwitz en maakte in 1937 de overstap naar Vorwärts-RaSpo Gleiwitz, de grootste club van de stad. Door zijn goede prestaties werd hij in 1939 opgeroepen voor twee interlands tegen Noorwegen en Estland. In 1943 maakte hij de overstap naar Breslauer SpVgg 02.
De band ontstond in 1984 toen twee leden van de toen net ontbonden Australische band The Birthday Party, Nick Cave en Mick Harvey, gezelschap kregen van Blixa Bargeld uit Einstürzende Neubauten (gitaar), Hugo Race (gitaar) en Barry Adamson uit Magazine (bas, piano). In deze samenstelling namen zij hun debuutalbum From Her To Eternity op. Tijdens hun eerste Australische tournee speelde ook bassist Tracy Pew van The Birthday Party mee.
Herinnert zich de resoluties 216 en 217 en speciaal zijn oproep aan alle staten om hun economische relaties met Zuid-Rhodesië te verbreken, inclusief een embargo op olie en petroleum.
Adashino is de naam van een uitgestrekte vlakte in de omgeving van Kyoto, die haar bekendheid in vervlogen eeuwen dankte aan het feit dat de lijken van de in de strijd gesneuvelde soldaten en van arme mensen daar werden achtergelaten om er te vergaan in regen, wind en zon. Bij de kleine Nembutsudera-tempel staan op dit ogenblik nog meer dan zevenduizend kleine Boeddhabeelden, die in de Middeleeuwen zijn opgericht om de geesten te troosten van de talloze onbekenden die op de vlakte van Adashino aan weer en wind werden overgeleverd.
Hendrick de Keyser was een leerling van de Utrechtse beeldhouwer Cornelis Bloemaert. Maar ook heeft hij invloed ondergaan van de Delftse beeldhouwer Willem van Tetrode (1525-1580), die een Italiaanse studiereis had gemaakt.
Erythmelus flavovarius is een vliesvleugelig insect uit de familie Mymaridae. De wetenschappelijke naam is voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1846 door Walker.
Het dier behoort tot het geslacht Euryopis. De wetenschappelijke naam van de soort werd voor het eerst geldig gepubliceerd in 1950 door Lodovico di Caporiacco.
HeavyLight is een Nederlandse rockband uit Rotterdam, die opgericht is in 2011. De band bestaat uit gitarist Allart Hoekstra, toetsenist Dylan Viset, bassist Sander Beerens en drummer Jeroen Beerens. Alle bandleden zijn tevens verantwoordelijk voor de zang. HeavyLight bevat voornamelijk invloeden van bands als Muse, Coldplay, Kings of Leon, Editors en Pink Floyd.
Tamaulipas (Huasteeks: Tamaholipa) is een staat in het noordoosten van Mexico. Het grenst aan de Mexicaanse staten Veracruz, San Luis Potosí en Nuevo León en aan de Amerikaanse staat Texas. Ten oosten van Tamaulipas ligt de Golf van Mexico. Tamaulipas heeft een oppervlakte van 79.384 km² en 2.747.110 inwoners (2000). De hoofdstad is Ciudad Victoria. Andere grote steden zijn Matamoros, Nuevo Laredo, Reynosa, en Tampico.
In Schiedam bevinden zich ongeveer 35 scholen voor basisonderwijs, voortgezet onderwijs, speciaal onderwijs en mbo, waaronder zowel openbare als rooms-katholieke, protestant-christelijke, gereformeerde en islamitische scholen. In het aangrenzende Rotterdam bevinden zich diverse HBO-opleidingen en de Erasmus Universiteit Rotterdam.
